Adam Harrison: Hey, how are you?
Paolo Parducho: Yeah, I'm good. Thank you for asking. How about you?
Adam Harrison: I'm pretty well. How is your week going so far?
Paolo Parducho: It's been normal.
Adam Harrison: Normal?
Paolo Parducho: Yeah.
Adam Harrison: Well, great. Where. And remind me, where are you in the. In the world? Here?
Paolo Parducho: Yeah. I'm from the Philippines.
Adam Harrison: Oh, you're from the Philippines. Awesome. Great. And what's the time difference for you, by the way?
Paolo Parducho: Yeah, it's currently 11:00pm right now.
Adam Harrison: Okay. I'm sorry it's so late. Thanks for being flexible.
Paolo Parducho: No problem.
Adam Harrison: I appreciate it. Well, yeah, we can kind of keep this short since I know it's, you know, late in your. Your day here, But. But yeah, then, you know, I can let you kind of get. Get off to bed, hopefully. But the purpose of this call is just like a really quick, quick intro both for me and for you, and then I can share kind of what the next. What the next steps would look like.
Paolo Parducho: Awesome.
Adam Harrison: So, yeah, we'd love to maybe start on, on your side. I'd love to hear a little bit more just about kind of yourself and, and your experience and then we can. We can kind of take things from there.
Paolo Parducho: Yeah. I've been a video editor for around seven years now, and I have experience working as a creative video and photo quality quality control specialist, giving feedback to our editors. And I also have experienced most of the AI generating image and video. Yeah, I'm a dad of three.
Adam Harrison: Awesome. And then how, how long have you been kind of doing these things for.
Paolo Parducho: For the QA or qc?
Adam Harrison: Yeah, yeah. For kind of video editing and AI. I mean, AI is obviously newer, but
Paolo Parducho: I've been creating videos for around seven years.
Adam Harrison: Okay.
Paolo Parducho: And for the QC release, four to five years.
Adam Harrison: Gotcha, Gotcha. Awesome. And then what about like, more static? Imagery, things like that. Do you have experience with what's your been in your experience supposedly been video or also like other formats?
Paolo Parducho: Yeah, yeah, I also have experience creating static ads. I'm proficient in both Photoshop and Canva.
Adam Harrison: Okay, awesome. One second, I apologize, I'm getting a message here. Okay, sorry, I'm back with you now so I can share. That's all really helpful and thank you for submitting kind of your application and responding to my message and everything there. I can share a little bit of background on Jot Psych and myself and answer any questions you might have and then we can talk about the next steps. And I'll send you like a bunch of this over email so you'll have it handy. So you know, job Psych is. We are an AI company for behavioral health. So what we do is we have an AI scribe which helps psychiatrists and therapists and other providers save time on their notes. So for context, I. After every like session, you know, provider will have to write this really long clinical note. And then in order to do that, you know, that is like a, a could be like an hour or two per day that they're spending in the evening. So we use AI to do that for them and that gets the time down to basically like, you know, saves them like an almost an hour or two so they can save 90% or more of that time. So that is. Yeah, that's essentially how we started out. We've since built some other tools like you know, scheduling and billing and you know, lab orders and we're building a whole bunch of other things focused on serving this like mental health provider population of clinicians. So that's the product in terms of like background on the role and kind of what we're looking for. So we're pretty small, like lean team, you know, at this stage, you know, because we're, we're an early stage startup. We do have like, you know, in, in the thousands of clinicians using the products. So we do have like a pretty established user base. And in terms of our growth, you know, we've traditionally grown more by word of mouth and like organically, but now we are making a deliberate effort to do more like paid, paid advertising. So both on Google and on Meta and in terms of my role with the company, you know, I kind of work across a few different things, so but a lot of that falls in the marketing domain. So like the website and the advertising and all those things are gonna. Or fall. I'll fall under my sort of purview and you know, I am not like a creative person by background. It's not my strength at all. I'm like really bad at all. Anything like visual or creative, I'm fine with more like analytical things or, you know, copy or stuff like that. But creating content is like, not my strong suit. And really like, you know, for the whole team, like, it's not really any of our strong suits. So we're looking for someone to kind of come in and be like a partner to me in particular, but also others on the team who would have a pretty high degree of independence to like create new content that would first primarily be focused on like going into meta for like paid advertising, but then over a longer time horizon would also be on other formats and channels like LinkedIn or our website or blog posts or, you know, YouTube longer form videos. So definitely, you know, but we probably are starting on, on meta and we're kind of looking for someone who, you know, has the skill set of like, obviously video editing, you know, static image, kind of like creative and someone who also is okay to like, I'm happy to provide kind of support and guidance and direction in terms of what to actually do and what the hooks are and what, what kind of like is resonating. But we're also looking for someone who is pretty excited to like, you know, have a lot of flexibility to shape that themselves and kind of pull, pull me and others in as needed for like, for input or advice. So let me pause there. That was a lot. Do you have any questions on that and. Yeah, what's helpful at this point?
Paolo Parducho: Yeah, do you have a creative strategies right now?
Adam Harrison: We don't formally. So that would be. I would be playing that role. It's just going to be more of like you won't have like a full time creative strategist in the same way you would and probably more of a traditional setup. It'll be like a lighter, lighter support on that side.
Paolo Parducho: Like we're just exchanging ideas. Right?
Adam Harrison: Exactly. Yeah. So what for you, when you work with a creative strategist, typically what level of like input are they usually providing?
Paolo Parducho: Basically anything or yet the structure of the ads, the hooks, the visuals, including the, you know, the graphics and the background music.
Adam Harrison: Okay, yeah, so I guess first question would be because I definitely won't be able to go to that level of detail. Is that something that you were like, hey, I'm excited to do more of that role or actually like. Or no, this is like not a fit because really like I work best when I have a really strong partner on the creative strategist side. Like where, where do you kind of like fall on that spectrum and totally fine either way.
Paolo Parducho: Yeah, yeah, I didn't definitely do some on myself and yeah, I'm definitely needed help for visualizing what do you want your videos to be made or done? Yeah, okay.
Adam Harrison: Okay, cool. That makes sense. So yeah, we'll try to find the right balance here. As we go. I want to just take a moment to share what the next steps would be in terms of like the. We have like kind of a take home assignment as the next step. So I'll spend just like two minutes walking through that and then I'll send you this over email. You should have everything. But basically what it will be is like it'll be a paid assignment where we're really just looking for one, one static concept and then one short form video concept that we can actually like we would be ready to ship and like into meta into our ad account and then that should that go well, we'll do like a longer term, probably contracted sort of relationship but we just want to do kind of one like test run to start. So let me share my screen and kind of walk you through what that looks like. So yeah, this, I will send you this all over email so you will have this afterwards. But we're looking for, you know, as I mentioned, one static asset, one short. Form video, like can be short, like even 10 seconds is probably fine. 15, 20, that's okay too. And you know, we're kind of flexible in terms of the, what the format actually is. You know, I'm happy to leave like a lot of that up to your kind of discretion. And so what I've included here is like a few resources on. I'm not, we're not being super prescriptive about what actually should go into the ad because we sort of are also testing your own kind of like creative strategist muscle. But what I did include here is a lot of context around what job site is, what the pain points are. You know, what are some prior ad concepts that we've done in the past that have worked well. So obviously this is like, feel free to take or leave any of this here, but this is just for reference so you have like actual context on what's working. So I can, I'll send you this like over, over email so you'll have it. And you know we're, we're paying like usually like we're paying, we would pay $100 for you to like do this take home just to complete it if that, if that works for you and then. Yeah, okay. And then we would just ask that you get back to us within like you know, about one week at most. If that works for your timing. If you need more time, just feel free to like let me know. But, but yeah, that is essentially like what we are, what the next step would be.
Adam Harrison: Do you have any initial questions on that?
Paolo Parducho: I think I'll follow it up if I got one.
Adam Harrison: Okay, perfect. So yeah, what I can do because I'm sure you will have questions because this is like obviously a very open ended assignment. Right. And like there's a lot of ways you could take it. So feel free to. Yeah, like send me an email with any questions you have on the assignment on job site on like hey, this is like the direction I'm thinking of taking it and I can help to maybe like point you in the right direction because it is probably hard to do this without right. Like having all the context. So definitely don't hesitate to reach out as you have questions and I can help to kind of like, you know, point and guide and you know, move you in the right direction.
Paolo Parducho: Yeah. Can I reach out to you using LinkedIn?
Adam Harrison: Yeah, you can do LinkedIn probably better as email. Is that okay for you?
Adam Harrison: I think I have your email, right.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, you'll get probably a faster response over email because I don't. Check my LinkedIn super often link email I'm looking at all the time.
Paolo Parducho: Got it? Got it.
Adam Harrison: Awesome. All right, well, Paolo, with that I will let you get on with your evening. But really enjoyed kind of chatting here and looking forward to working together on this first project here.
Paolo Parducho: It's my pleasure.
Adam Harrison: All right, thank you.
Paolo Parducho: Have a good night. Bye. Bye.