Christopher Hume: Hi, Liz. I mean, hi.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Hello.
Lisaimy Mallo: Hi.
Christopher Hume: Wonderful. Happy, happy Friday. How are things? Things down in Florida?
Lisaimy Mallo: Yeah, things are kind of weird. It was around 48 degrees this morning. It's probably like 60 now.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Oh no, that's. I'm in Chicago right now and it is zero degrees. And I think I, I think you would all probably die if you had to spend much time.
Lisaimy Mallo: I'm sure. So how, how is everything with Jot Psych? I know that you guys have some different updates that you wanted to share with us.
Christopher Hume: Yep. So I think Jackson, I think just kind of in terms of what we discussing today is just kind of potential update updates to the model coming up and how we can kind of do those in the way that works best for my psychiatrist. And then just to check in on how the AI editor is working. So the technical expert.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Main things we want to do is slime. You just check in, see how things are going. Tell you way ahead of time right now about things we're thinking about changing in the future and say what can we do to make sure that that goes as smoothly as possible for you all? And then just also see if there's anything else that we can be developing to make your experience using software.
Lisaimy Mallo: Yes, really good this week. Well, yesterday I was onboarding one of our new providers and I got them in with Job Psych and I was noticing a couple of things that I would like to tighten up, but we'll get there. First I would like to see some of the updates and then we'll get to our current notes and note template.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Sounds good.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Okay, so I'm just going to share my screen slash the upcoming updates. So the first thing is that we are going to make the recorder screen look a little bit different. All the same functionality, but rather than having this confusing thing where you have to select all of these different templates and patient and everything, we've simplified it to just have the start recording button here. You can view all the information about the patient in here without having to like go to different pages. You don't have to open up, you know, in the current recorder there's like this little tiny area to type and when you open it up, it like hides everything. We've just made that like a larger, you know, text box here so that people can type whatever notes are there and then they just select like whether they're doing an intake or a follow up. I think for my psychiatrist you just have one template.
Jackson Bierfeldt: So everyone should just have the same thing and they'll never need to touch that. So it's mostly just a little bit of, like, a visual change that's going on here. Some of the things you're seeing on my screen aren't going to be relevant to you because you're not going to be doing your billing through. Through us, but people who are doing the billing through us, you know, we obtain the like telehealth consent if they got the location. If they did the pdmp, we make that easy to just like touch and mark so that it can all go into the record.
Jackson Bierfeldt: But your providers wouldn't be seeing this because you're not doing billing from us. So you can just ignore that. So it's not like a, you know, difference. The note will be the exact same. You know, it's really just the recording button used to be a big circle and, and now it's going to be this button that says start recording. Is there anything you're seeing here that is of concern that you want to have special attention to as we think about slowly rolling it out?
Lisaimy Mallo: No. The only thing that I noticed, when they are going to click record, where would they select the patient? Because remember that some of them, they don't store the patients on here with all the demographic information because we're not using this as our emr. So because we're only using this for the support of the documentation, sometimes they even create patients with just their initials. They don't really add much demographic information. So where would they create the patients?
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah, so they'll see this screen here. If they don't have a patient selected, where it's asking them, you know, which patient they want and then it says, you know, hey, here's why you might want to put a patient in. It retains the note information, but if they ignore that, it's totally fine. And they don't have to do anything. They can just press start recording, they can record and then when they press done, it'll just name, it'll name the notes like the time of the session and they don't have to do anything else. So if someone really doesn't want to do anything, they come in here, they press record, they press stop, they press generate, and that's it. They don't have to touch anything else on the screen. It's all completely optional.
Lisaimy Mallo: Beautiful. Thank you for that. Okay, and when are these changes coming into effect?
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah, we're trying to roll them out to everybody over the next two weeks. We're doing like smaller, you know, test groups first just to make sure that everything is good before we go to our larger VIP clinics like you all.
Jackson Bierfeldt: So that's our proposed timeline, but we're happy to slow that a little bit more if you feel like you want to do messaging ahead.
Lisaimy Mallo: This is actually very user friendly. I like a little more than what we have right now. Yeah. Okay, great.
Jackson Bierfeldt: So you'll be getting that. And we'll make sure, with all of our new changes here, we're doing this thing where we're going to send you the information, we're going to send you a video, you can forward it to everybody so that they can, like, at least just know, okay, the button is going to look a little different and they're not shocked when they, like, go in to do their job at 8am on a Tuesday morning.
Lisaimy Mallo: Right. I apologize. As you saw. The feedback in like the last two weeks in which those changes were made with the template, I believe. So they really needed everything kind of redacted to be or reversed to be it. The initial templates that they have, it just, it works and it's been working so well for us and they rave about job site. So anytime that something like that changes, it's an uproar.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Totally understand. And was, I mean, hopefully you see that, you know, we're startup, we're still learning. We're like getting our footing here and we are really like learning the lesson of, hey, when you come to us and tell us, look, I forgot what numbers you told me. But you know, our clinicians are getting a 32 out of 34 on, you know, the last quarters. You know, when we hear that we're like, okay, we don't want to move your cheese, you know, like, we're not trying to, you know, do things there. So we're really trying to just figure out that motion of how do we update things in order to keep things moving so that we're not supporting, you know, something that's two years old but like without making it so that your providers experience some change all of a sudden.
Lisaimy Mallo: So. Got it. And that's, of course, needless to say, we don't. I hope that we're not just only utilizing job psych for these transcriptions in the future. I hope that we can use job psych for more. But right, right now, this is, I mean, this is fantastic. It's amazing for us. So. But we're really relying heavily on our EHR for everything else because it's going to be a huge business decision with a lot of resources in order to change that route right from our EHR to something else. So it's not something we're yet ready for. But by all means, I do appreciate all of the updates and what job site is now doing for other practices because it opens up our mind to this in the future.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Exactly. So yeah, we just want you to know that that's all there. So whenever you're ready and you're doing your next vendor search or whatever, we hope that we're like at the table to say, okay, let's show you exactly what we're capable of doing. But until then, we're going to provide you the documentation.
Lisaimy Mallo: Of course. Thank you. And you guys have been great. And please don't take any of that. I know that my providers could be a little bit harsh, but don't take any of that personal. The same way that they give that constructive feedback. They are saying the opposite now, right? How helpful and useful chats like is.
Lisaimy Mallo: So just one thing before we complete the call. Is it possible for you to go into our template? I just want to fine tune a couple of things that I noticed for my new provider, Dr. Kaplan. I don't know if you can show me or pull her recent test notes. She hasn't had any real patients yet, so. So anything that she has on there, it's all test patient with me. So Michelle Kaplan. Yes, right there. So we can go to one that was a few minutes in length. No, that was us like toggling and trying to practice something else. So maybe a previous note from her.
Jackson Bierfeldt: One moment. Let's try this one. Okay, great. This one seems to have a little more information than it.
Lisaimy Mallo: Okay, that one looks good. Let's look at the note. So the summary looks good. The chief complaint was perfect. Keep going. The HPI was excellent. Go further. Psychiatric history had no issues there. Medical history very good.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Surgical as well.
Lisaimy Mallo: Allergies as well.
Lisaimy Mallo: Had no problems.
Lisaimy Mallo: Medications were fine. Family medical. Family medical was fine too. And family psych as well for substance use. That's fine. Continue.
Lisaimy Mallo: Social history as well. Keep going. The review of systems was fine.
Lisaimy Mallo: Mental status in mental statics exam. I had noticed that Dr. Kaplan in the interview had assessed four elements in mental sex exam. Like she asked me if I could recall her name and our current location. So I would love for those actual responses that the patient issues to go in the corresponding section. So if the provider completes a immediate three word recall and says okay, I'm going to tell you that three words, squirrel, computer, pen and then just remember them and in a minute we'll revisit. So when the patient calls out those three words, it would be wonderful if next to recent memory intact, immediate three word recall, we can have that the patient recall those three words. So again as more details that are very fine tuned to that encounter with that specific, specific patient.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Chris, can you get that down so we can make sure to update that?
Lisaimy Mallo: And of course the same if she's assessing for person, place and time as well for that to be documented there. So the patient shared that we are in the VOCA retail. Office, the name of the provider and the time of the visit. So if you can scroll further down for mental functional, that was fine as well. For psychological tests, I would love something on here right before the assessment of the PHQ9. Well, actually we'll do this. If there were no assessments discussed or no responses gathered, if it's going to diverge to will assess a future visit. The same go to for anything that was not captured in the visit. So It'll say like phq9 and cat7 will assess in future visit if it was not recorded. Something else that I would like in this psychological test section, I would and I know I may look redundant, but it makes sense to us. Right above where it says PHQ9, I would like for it to say scores collected on and the actual date because our providers are using a feature called salt which means same as last time. That means they're copying the note every single appointment. But in next week's appointment, if they're salting these scores, it's going to look like they reassessed the patient and they collected the same exact score. But if we actually indicate the date that the scores were collected when they saw the note, the reader will know that those scores are from last appointment, not for this one. But we still want to see the chronology of all of their scores every time they were assessed.
Lisaimy Mallo: That makes sense.
Jackson Bierfeldt: I think we can do that.
Lisaimy Mallo: Yeah. So for psychological tests, it would just be like scores collected or assessments completed on and then the date that they were actually completed. And then underneath, if none were completed, it would say phq9 and gad7. We'll assess in future visit. If not, it would actually put the actual scores how you had them there. And then for labs and other results, she had to train the train the platform to include the E force reviewed. For some reason the E force reviewed that statement was not appearing automatically. So we want to make sure that everyone's default template is it says like labs. If they were something like that, like no lab tests were discussed or be with a patient that's encountered but then also always E force reviewed, that should be the default. And the providers are supposed to in every single appointment, but they're not going to verbalize it to their patient that the E4 was reviewed. Not necessarily. Unless there's a finding from the E4s and then if they did communicate it to the patient, it would obviously be. Go there. So assessment was fine. And then in the care plan, when my providers are copying this information from the care plan because the care plan is so bulky, it is not copying pretty. It just looks like a big blurb that's like back to back the spacing. I don't know if we have to copy in a different way, but when we hit copy. Maybe it's better if I show you. Would you like me to show you?
Jackson Bierfeldt: Well, yes, that'd be great. Oh, well, if you could send us a screenshot afterwards of what it looks like, that would also.
Lisaimy Mallo: I can. I can, I can access her note. So let me show you. I'm going to share my screen second. Okay, so this is a test patient. And this is a note that I completed with Dr. Kaplan yesterday. I think you guys know, but this is how everything looks when once we transfer section by section here. So the chief complaint, our hpi, notice how there's no spacing when we hit the copy from your platform over here, there's no spacing. So I mean, it would be nice to have like one space in between the sentences, just how it appears on your site here. I don't care for spacing. This looks fine. None of these sections, I care for spacing. Social history, that's fine as well. But it's more like in the paragraph sections, mental status is perfect. Mental functional is perfect. But here in the care plan. Look how bulky this looks. So it's like the patient education and then we have the medication list. We have like an asterisk for these. And then lab orders, long term plan referrals. But it looks so bulky, it's hard to capture. And what I really don't like is that the return visit information, it's part of a paragraph. And I really want the return visit information to also stand alone here.
Jackson Bierfeldt: So are you able to open up a jot psych account in another tab right now? Yeah. Are we able to go into a note? I just want to test one thing live. But we'll look into that for you either way.
Lisaimy Mallo: But let me see. This one's old. Let me see. Do you want me to actually copy and paste?
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah. I'm curious actually. So do you, can you go to the little. Sorry. Back inside of Jaws X, see the, the three dots in the top right of the note area? Can you go to Copy and paste Settings and then can you turn off Enable HTML Formatting and then press Save? Okay, I just want to see if this. So now can you press copy on the Care plan and let's see how that comes out.
Lisaimy Mallo: Gotcha. Still comes out like that.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Okay, great. We will look into that. You would think that being an AI startup, that AI would be the hardest technology thing, but it turns out that copying and pasting is actually like 10 times harder.
Jackson Bierfeldt: So we'll, we'll look into that for you.
Jackson Bierfeldt: But thanks for showing so much.
Lisaimy Mallo: Of course, of course.
Christopher Hume: Quick questions. I mean, so I'll make those changes. I'll make them this evening. But just to confirm that those are for everyone, like the template that everyone's using, just those. Make sure Eforce reviewed is included, make sure scores collected, this data is included, et cetera. Correct. Okay, perfect. I'll make those changes and I'll send you a note probably Monday morning when they're all ready. And if we didn't make any tweaks, that's what we're here for.
Lisaimy Mallo: Thank you. Thank you so much. I actually thought that that was occurring. It's part of their requirement for their quality note audit. So maybe they were just entering it manually, but it would be wonderful to just see if they're automatically for everyone.
Christopher Hume: Perfect, that's great.
Jackson Bierfeldt: And then the last thing that I wanted to ask was, I mean is if you think that you're going to be doing any, you know, major changes to your templates or your notes anytime in the, in the coming future, you know, aside from these like little edits. Because we now have a system where we can, you know, if you give us for instance, like, hey, here's our template and here's like three notes that our providers have written that are like good through standards. If you just send those over, we can actually create like a whole new template for you that matches that exactly. So I just wanted to see if that is on your roadmap, if you're like doing any changes or if you're going to be pretty steady state for the next couple weeks and months.
Lisaimy Mallo: So we're, this has been working for the past two years. I'm working very well. So, you know, we learn from insurances and changes with insurance. But I think I hit. Provided you guys like something called additional tech shortcuts and those we use when the criteria is met in an appointment. So, like, if it's a patient of childbearing age and the provider shares like, the risks and benefits of the medication prescribed with their current status or if they're planning to get pregnant, we have like a certain verbiage that I provided you to add. Like it's. If that patient of childbearing age is triggered, then it would add that verbiage into the care plan. That is something that would be fantastic if we can make sure it's happening the same thing with like the 90833 add on. So we need to make sure that it's documented in the care plan. Some somewhere that, you know, 17 minutes of adult psychotherapy were provided due to this patient's trigger. So I had shared that with you, but I can share it again in another email. All of the additional tech shortcuts that again would be triggered if we were doing. Having that discussion in the appointment. We do have one other appointment type which is for injections. We. We have like, another template for that. It's very easy. I can, I can. I can send you, like the procedure injection note template and a couple of examples. So then they. They can have, from the drop down, they can have either like the my psychiatrist initial slash follow up note, which is our gold standard, and then underneath they can have the injection procedure note.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah, we'd be happy to set that up for you.
Lisaimy Mallo: Yeah, I'll send you all of that in an email today.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Okay, great.
Lisaimy Mallo: That sounds good.
Jackson Bierfeldt: No, I just want to ask because we have some clinics who, you know, every time insurance tweaks something, they're like, we're redoing our whole template. Here's the new one. So I just wanted to make sure you knew that we're like, ready to receive that should you need any, like, major changes. But sounds like things are working now. Your scores are great, so we'll just make those small tweaks and make sure that that golden standard template recording.
Lisaimy Mallo: Okay, thank you so much. Thank you both for your time.
Jackson Bierfeldt: All right, thanks, Lazani.
Christopher Hume: Take care. Thanks, Lazani.
Lisaimy Mallo: Have a great weekend. Thank you. Bye. Bye.