Christopher Hume: Here we go.
Elisabeth Warner: Has begun.
Christopher Hume: Yes. Yes. Well, I think today, if I remember correctly, the goal is going to be we're going to walk through how to customize your templates and we can. I can walk you through how to do that live right now. Does that sound right, Lisa?
Elisabeth Warner: Yeah. Let me just review a tiny bit. You can record on the same device, which is incredible because that was a big deal. Session type template, no doc to doc. But you can paste the note and record five seconds, which was a big deal. I found that clinically, AI does similar. Scriber's way behind on some of this stuff. So note templates. Yes. Walk through, create template. And then the other thing was to make sure that whatever I'm doing passes some sort of Medicare audit so that I know that if I do make changes to my template because it's duplicative or something, I'm not dropping the ball.
Elisabeth Warner: And again, clinically, AI does something similar, but my guess is that you're a couple of steps ahead of them. Is. Is my guess. So it's going to potentially come down to cost and part time, the part time element, because I don't see a lot of patients. So let's. What I need to do is I'm gonna get really in trouble if I don't catch up with my back nose. I need to know and I. I need to both create and build them. All of the information is there.
Elisabeth Warner: I just need to be able to plunk it in, have it organized and forward. So if you can tell me how to do that, that would be great.
Christopher Hume: Yep. So have you been able to set up an account yet, Lisa?
Elisabeth Warner: You know, I looked for the. I don't know if we looked yesterday, but I looked for the link yesterday to do that so I could try it out before today. And I couldn't find any link or anything that you had sent for me to do that.
Christopher Hume: So sorry. Then we could just walk you through sign up right now.
Elisabeth Warner: Yes, Because I did go look for that because I wanted to have done it before I talked to you and I couldn't find it.
Christopher Hume: So no worries. So if you just go to jot.psych.com.
Elisabeth Warner: okay, so let's see if I'm. I've got a lot of things open here. I'm just going to open a new tab.
Christopher Hume: Perfect.
Elisabeth Warner: Give me a second. I'm hot. I'm going back and forth between two workstations. Scrambling a little bit here. Okay. I can hear something in your background. Am I supposed to be able to.
Christopher Hume: Oh, I'm sorry. That. That's coming through.
Christopher Hume: Yeah, no, I, I wasn't talking. Sorry about that.
Elisabeth Warner: No, no, I can hear some. Somebody else talking.
Christopher Hume: Yeah, that's one of my. Sounds like one of my colleagues.
Elisabeth Warner: Okay, so I'm all set. I'm in. Ja Psych.
Christopher Hume: Perfect. So do you see on the top right hand corner it says sign up for trial?
Elisabeth Warner: I, I. It's under your block, but I think I'm clicking on a purple box. I think it's going to work.
Christopher Hume: Okay, perfect.
Elisabeth Warner: Yes. So, Lisa.W A R N E R@High DesertMentalHealth and Wellness.com and go ahead and make up a password.
Christopher Hume: Yep, absolutely.
Elisabeth Warner: You just make sure it's correct. Yep. It's got everything required. Continue. Oh, it said I already have an account login, but I doubt that I do. Unless it. Unless I had to make an account to get to you.
Christopher Hume: No, you shouldn't have. Let me check right now. I can see if you've got an account set up with us.
Elisabeth Warner: Lisa, the only reason I would is if I had to have one to get this appointment.
Christopher Hume: No, you certainly didn't need one to get this appointment. Let me see.
Elisabeth Warner: Oh, gives it. Okay, there it is right there. Facebook.
Christopher Hume: Which, oh, are you going through now?
Elisabeth Warner: Yep.
Christopher Hume: Okay. Wonderful.
Elisabeth Warner: And referral code I don't have, unfortunately. I'm going to pretend I read the terms of service. I usually print them out. Okay, it's sending to my. There it is. I catch it. 8249.
Christopher Hume: And then. Lisa, could you share your screen with me?
Elisabeth Warner: If I can figure it out.
Christopher Hume: So if you come back to the screen where you see me.
Elisabeth Warner: Yes.
Christopher Hume: Underneath me, there's a smiley face, and then to the left of that, you'll see a square with an arrow in it.
Elisabeth Warner: Yes.
Christopher Hume: Could you press that square with an arrow and then select the Jot Psych tab?
Elisabeth Warner: Yes. Smart Scribe. Behavioral Health.
Christopher Hume: There's two JOT scribes, so it will probably be the one that says JOT Psych. Buy Smart Scribe.
Elisabeth Warner: Perfect. Got it.
Christopher Hume: Yep. There we go. Looks good.
Christopher Hume: So next, do you use the word patient or client to refer to your. Okay, then.
Elisabeth Warner: Yep.
Christopher Hume: Next. Perfect. So we're up and running. Lisa, I think what would be helpful is if we start just by maybe doing like an example, one minute encounter. Just you see how it works. We can see what the notes look like and then we can tweak.
Elisabeth Warner: So do you want to. How do you want me to role play that?
Christopher Hume: So I'll just be. If you go to record. If you push that record button. Yep. And you can skip the tutorial because you got me. And so on the left hand side, you could select the patient.
Elisabeth Warner: Okay, so what are your initials?
Christopher Hume: I will go ch.
Elisabeth Warner: Okay. That's all I'm putting in because then I've got no ppi.
Christopher Hume: That's.
Elisabeth Warner: That's why I love that. Yeah.
Christopher Hume: And if you prefer follow up, we actually it's either you do note title or patient information. So if you prefer to put in no patient information. So let me just show you how to.
Christopher Hume: If you go back up to patient.
Elisabeth Warner: Yep.
Christopher Hume: So you CH and then enter.
Elisabeth Warner: I see. Okay.
Christopher Hume: And so you. There you go.
Elisabeth Warner: Okay.
Christopher Hume: And so this is a psychiatric intake.
Elisabeth Warner: So change that to a follow up if I want to. Yep.
Christopher Hume: Let's click it and so we can show you. And most of your sessions are follow ups. Is that right, Lisa?
Elisabeth Warner: Yes.
Christopher Hume: Let's do a progress note.
Elisabeth Warner: Perfect. E M on, add on psychotherapy. I don't know what that is, but most of my appointments are E M plus A plus therapy.
Christopher Hume: Oh, then actually let's try that one and let's see if that's close.
Elisabeth Warner: Yes, I think that that will be the closest, actually. I love that you have that. Oh, my God.
Christopher Hume: Yep. And then let's press the record button. You'll probably have a pop up come up that says I can we access your computer, your microphone? Say yes when visiting the site, where that is.
Christopher Hume: Yep, you're almost there. A little bit further.
Elisabeth Warner: Okay. Start recording. So I just had to move. Start recording and allow while visiting this site.
Christopher Hume: Perfect.
Elisabeth Warner: It's not really clicking, but. Maybe it doesn't like that you and I are using it.
Christopher Hume: No, that should be okay. So it's not letting you click.
Elisabeth Warner: I did click it and it disappeared, so it must be good.
Christopher Hume: Okay, Lisa, thanks. Thanks for seeing me today. I appreciate it.
Elisabeth Warner: What brings you here today?
Christopher Hume: Recently my anxiety has seemed to increase. It's been a nine out of ten for the past four or so weeks when I'd say typically it's a four out of ten.
Elisabeth Warner: Okay. Okay. And are you currently taking any medication?
Christopher Hume: Yeah, I take lexapro. I take 10 milligrams a day. That's worked for several years now, but it seems like over the past month or so it's just not having the same effect as it usually does.
Elisabeth Warner: And any new changes or triggers? Has anything major changed in your life?
Christopher Hume: I recently moved down to Virginia beach so I don't have much of a social network down here. And then the same time my childhood dog died. So it's been kind of a busy month.
Elisabeth Warner: Yes. Okay. So there are some specific triggers and you because you've relocated, these aren't one time triggers, they're the loss of the dog might be a one time trigger that we would anticipate or lasting over a period of time. But a move and lack of social network and that's pretty major and probably isn't just going to go away. So in light of that, this is a follow up. In light of that major change, I would say that at least a temporary increase in your medication would be helpful. We can do a couple of things. We can go up to one and a half of the 10 because little booster, you don't have to go all the way up to the 20. We'll monitor it and I'll see you a little more often would be the first step. The second step would be I can give you something as needed, something like Gabapentin so that if your anxiety is way up here, it'll just bring the whole business down to something a little more manageable and support your Lexapro. But you don't have to take it all the time, you can just take it episodically, which might be helpful. It will also help if your sleep is is disturbed by the change. You're sleeping in a new place. And then we can also look at whether or not we should consider some therapy support or whether you know, you've got a lot going on and that's more than you can manage. We don't need to go there, but I would say let's start with Alexa Pro and something as needed. Let's increase the frequency of our little visits a little bit and then we'll monitor it and take it from there.
Christopher Hume: Perfect. Lisa, that sounds like a plan. Could we meet next Friday at 4pm for a check in?
Elisabeth Warner: Absolutely.
Christopher Hume: Perfect. So now, Lisa, if you scroll up and press the stop button.
Elisabeth Warner: Okay.
Christopher Hume: And now. So if you scroll down just a little bit, that's where you would put your additional notes. So you could type whatever you'd like in there.
Elisabeth Warner: Increase visit frequency output.
Christopher Hume: So it should be. Have caught that from our. Our conversation.
Christopher Hume: But yep, you can certainly put that in there.
Elisabeth Warner: I can't. What I'd normally do, I'm telling you what exactly I'm going to do is I'm going to put your salt forward note from Tebra in there.
Christopher Hume: Oh, okay. Yep.
Elisabeth Warner: I salted forward and in theory, taken out. I mean, everything's dated. So if I put the salt forward, it's just going to add this into that, right?
Christopher Hume: Yep, exactly.
Elisabeth Warner: And I don't have that right now. So is that a correct plan?
Christopher Hume: What you would need to. You just. If you're putting in old data into the additional notes or like data from an older visit, just make sure that you say at the top, like data from previous visit. Otherwise it's going to read it all as information that happened or was provided on the same day.
Elisabeth Warner: Okay. So I'm gonna actually do that. Try that.
Elisabeth Warner: Yeah, let's try from previous visit included here.
Christopher Hume: And we can say something like we keep it easy like recent uncle died or something like that. Maybe.
Elisabeth Warner: Okay. You said the recent move. You said the death of the dog. I could say previously stable on monthly visits.
Christopher Hume: Yep.
Elisabeth Warner: But I'm going to have a lot of information to put in there. Is that going to work?
Christopher Hume: It should work. You can expand the box by pushing those arrows.
Elisabeth Warner: Okay. I'm just going to copy paste right out of my note whatever the salt forward was. And then. I'm just trying to think if. Let's say I have five past notes for you. If I say here a previous visit from this date, please organize previous.
Christopher Hume: If you provide more than one, it'll include all one.
Elisabeth Warner: Oh, yeah.
Elisabeth Warner: That should be one at a time. So if I say note from visit date blank and put it in there.
Christopher Hume: Yep.
Elisabeth Warner: And say I'm gonna.
Elisabeth Warner: If I have a template, it might not matter, but anyway, I've got to figure out how I'm going to do back notes. So I'm just going to do this for now.
Christopher Hume: Okay. And let's first generate note now, Lisa, just so you can see kind of what it looks like. So you can skip, you can push the little X there.
Elisabeth Warner: Okay, I'm moving you around so I can see X. AI note assistant. Well, I don't know what X, sir.
Christopher Hume: Oh, I was just saying it says encounter. Submitted successfully.
Elisabeth Warner: Oh, okay. I got it. Okay, thanks.
Christopher Hume: You just get rid of that.
Elisabeth Warner: Okay. So normally I'm going to have asked, I'm not going to do mental status because I typed that in, but I am going to have done a psychiatric exam out loud.
Christopher Hume: Okay.
Elisabeth Warner: And that will all go in there. And then the add on psychotherapy will definitely go in there. Because my whole, what I do, my style is to talk to the patient as long as they want to talk. And then as soon as I feel like we've gotten to the bottom, I'll say, okay, let's do the numbers. Then I run through everything in my template and I can do it in five or 10 minutes at the most. So I give them, I want this to be their visit. I want them to talk about what's top of mind. If it's nothing, then I ask a couple of questions and go through the numbers and it's a shorter visit and if anything comes up, we pause and talk about it. But they get the first window and, and that's what, where this is so helpful. And then also when I run through and ask the questions because I need new answers every visit, that's really helpful. The rest of it, like I can run through and do the mental size exam piece from, from having seen them what their was, that type of thing. So that's something I should be typing in. But anything that's either came in with them, like the salt note or that they said in the subjective or that I documented for what I call my numbers, which all my patients know, I ask the exact same questions every single the same way at the same time without fail. That's why I need the template. And then, but I mean I, I might not need the template because your, your note template organizes that nicely anyway. So I might not need my template, but I'm insecure about it, which is why I need to know whether to just use your template or, and give up mine or to produce an audit. Like after I do a couple of notes to audit them and say is anything missing so that I can give up my templates. Because I'm in love with my templates. I'm used to them, they're familiar what we can do.
Christopher Hume: And what I would probably recommend, Lisa, is could we go, could you click documentation and then go to note templates?
Elisabeth Warner: Yes, I'm going to just try to get you out of the way for a second because I can't see the whole note. AI assistant. And then I'm just going to look at that. Make HPI shorter, remember, for all future notes. Did you provide a transcript?
Christopher Hume: Yes. You should see transcript right next to, on the left hand side, sort of in the middle, top middle of your screen sections.
Elisabeth Warner: Sign note.
Elisabeth Warner: Yes, I see it. Perfect. So what my plan is to copy the transcript to the file because then if I ever have any legal issues, I can say this is exactly what was said. And then I'm going to do the emm. EM probably on everything except the intake. And then I have an intake template. So make the HPI shorter. I don't care.
Christopher Hume: Change patient, patient everywhere.
Elisabeth Warner: No, I like PT with a capital P if possible. Always bold. But I can just write it out if I need to. Always bold. Medication changes in both the medication and plan sections. Sure.
Christopher Hume: And those are just examples. You can just tell the AI assistant any, anything.
Elisabeth Warner: Okay.
Christopher Hume: And it will tweak the note. So yeah, those are just like, hey, make the HPI shorter. But you can say, you know, hey, focus on these attributes in the hpi. Focus on.
Elisabeth Warner: So I can do that as I go. That's fine. I really want to work with this all weekend. And so I'm trying to get information to be able to spend some serious time. This is what I would have expected. So, you know, look at quality of note or anything.
Christopher Hume: I just don't care.
Elisabeth Warner: I just want the information in there and it's better than what I got. So.
Christopher Hume: And next let's go to documentation. So we click that it's in the top, middle, right, left of your screen. A little bit higher. Got it. Let's go to note templates.
Elisabeth Warner: Perfect.
Christopher Hume: And then if you go to, if you scroll on the left hand side. Yeah. If you scroll down there and you go to em add on psychotherapy. So let's. If you go to the top right, you'll see the two sheets of paper on top of each other.
Elisabeth Warner: Yep.
Christopher Hume: Push those and let's make a duplicate and we'll play around with it together to see who. Yep. So if you push that duplicate button.
Elisabeth Warner: Now the one thing I didn't prep was to have my transcript sitting here. So I've got to think about where to get it. I can get it out of.
Christopher Hume: Oh, I, I was just going to show you how to adjust.
Elisabeth Warner: Good.
Elisabeth Warner: Because I'm like, I don't have it sitting here. Okay, perfect.
Christopher Hume: I'll just show you. You push that duplicate button, it'll make your own copy. Lisa.
Elisabeth Warner: Oh, nice. Of what you've got.
Elisabeth Warner: So WordPad or something.
Christopher Hume: So what this does. Could you actually scroll on the left hand side again? I just want to see what your top template is. It's all the way at the top. Yep. So now. Click. So now this is your custom EM add on cycle theory template. So what you could do is if you go to the right and I'm sorry, to the right a little bit more. If you just, like, look at. So these are the sections in your template.
Elisabeth Warner: Oh, I see. Okay. Oh, okay, perfect.
Christopher Hume: And so you can rearrange, you can delete. And if you would like to make significant changes. Do you see the sparkles in the top right?
Elisabeth Warner: Yes.
Christopher Hume: Push on those. So now you can just explain to Jot Psych what you want the note to look like. You're like, hey, I actually wanted to start with. With this. I want the assessment and plan section to be structured in this way. And you can make all those changes just in plain English, typing them.
Elisabeth Warner: Can I copy and paste mine in there?
Christopher Hume: So if you would. Do you have any.
Christopher Hume: You mean like your section by section?
Elisabeth Warner: Yeah.
Christopher Hume: What you can do is if you go to documentation again and you go to the note templates.
Elisabeth Warner: Yep.
Christopher Hume: Then you go upload template. So it's down a little. Down a little. Yep, yep. So you can either upload a PDF or paste the text, which I think you want to do.
Elisabeth Warner: So you push. I have both. I have it in a PDF and I can paste the text. And then will AI make recommendations?
Christopher Hume: It won't make recommendations. It'll try to meet your template as. As kind of required. But, Lisa, did we discuss this earlier this week? How do you. You do your billing through Tebra, is that correct?
Elisabeth Warner: Yes. Just talk to me a little bit about this. I'm a quarter behind and I'm not. Did you guys integrate at all with EHRs?
Christopher Hume: So we do. That's something we're working on and we've started to roll it out to some beta users, so we have a user right now who's doing that. But the reason I actually asked is because we're rolling out our billing features and so we can upload rules. So I think for you, Lisa, it'd be like Medicare or Medicaid rules to Job Psych. So the notes are then structured and it takes those rules into consideration. We can do eligibility checks and then we can also submit your claims for you. So how I would recommend kind of proceeding here is that you just try and replicate your current template in Jot Psych. It's going to be a lot faster than doing redoing all those notes by hand. You see how it works? You see if Jot Psych's a good fit, and then if that works for you, I'd love to kind of walk you through the getting those rules set up, seeing if eligibility checks or billing could be of any help. And we could set up a meeting with our billing team to kind of walk you through those features once. Kind of. You see that Johnstack works for you.
Elisabeth Warner: Well, why don't you also give me a cost? Because timber is costing me 300amonth, and they do automatically. I mean, everything's already automated in there for me because my notes have been such a burden. Because I have a disability and I just can't reorganize. That's my thing. I can't. I can get everything in there that's required. I can't reorganize it into a signable note. And that's where. So I've got all my information. I don't have notes. So what I. So the billing, you put in the codes and the E M or whatever you call that, you put in diagnosis and E M, you send it to billing and then everything after that is sort of automated and. But then you get a reject system. So you submit it and then there's stuff that's rejected, so I don't know, it would be double paying. So why don't you give me a sense of what the. What the note documentation piece costs per month or per encounter or whatever. And then the billing add on.
Christopher Hume: Yep. So. And there's kind of different tranches here. So the one that I think would be most relevant for you, Lisa, is just our audit feature. So this will identify like, hey, maybe it'll flag code issues for you. It'll identify rules that you're either. That are potentially at compliance risk. And so I'm not sure if you can see my screen right now, but I'm sharing kind of an example of what that could look like.
Elisabeth Warner: Do you do by state as well if.
Christopher Hume: If you have a payer contract that's specific to Medicaid in Colorado or in Utah or in Arizona? Yes. We could upload those rules in there for you. It's completely customizable. And so I would have to get you, after this call a detailed breakdown of how much JWT audit costs when it's broken out from the other parts of billing. But our billing fees are on the lower end of standard. To support billing, we typically do charge between 4 and 8% depending of collected revenue, depending on which plan you proceed with.
Elisabeth Warner: Okay.
Christopher Hume: I'm not sure what is that around where TEBRA is. I'm not sure what teplas.
Elisabeth Warner: I don't use Tebras, but a biller would charge the fee. So if I had a bill come in and use my TEBER system, they would take three or I can do it myself.
Christopher Hume: Okay. So it's understood my range.
Elisabeth Warner: I'm so low, big company, it might be worth it. I can, I can get it. I can get credentialed and billed for give or take 3%.
Christopher Hume: Wow. Would you do that through.
Elisabeth Warner: Well, the biller is independent, but I. A lot of credentialers contact me and say that they can credential me and bill in the 3 to 5% or less range.
Christopher Hume: Wow.
Elisabeth Warner: Yeah.
Christopher Hume: That is incredible.
Elisabeth Warner: I don't remember what Deborah is, but. So it's a. I mean, six might be the highest. But I, because it's set up for. I pay all the money to have the billing included so I can do it myself.
Elisabeth Warner: So I probably, it's probably cheaper for me to pay 9:50 an hour if I get behind and just have a virtual assistant catch me up because the process is so straightforward.
Christopher Hume: Yep. Well, perfect then. I think what probably makes sense, Lisa, is is there anything else in the next couple minutes here that I can kind of support you with to make sure that you can try out this weekend and get up and running?
Elisabeth Warner: I don't think so. I think the biggest thing is to use it because I have questions, I'll know what they are. So I think that I'm going to start doing some plugins and some experimenting.
Elisabeth Warner: You said I have to do a little bit of dictation but then I can copy paste in was five seconds and I've got to do the, I've got to get my, the things to copy and paste in ready because I think I have to upload my templates and then do my intakes and then each follow up note I put in when I go to the next one, I have to take out what's already done. So I told you my notes are cumulative and they go from September to January. So when I do September, I've got to take September out. When I do October, I've got to take October out in each of my sections so that it's not duplicative because I assume it's not going to want to do a cumulative note because it gets cumbersome.
Elisabeth Warner: So it's be a lot of hands on. And I'll probably just do one patient start from intake and let's just say three follow ups if they were monthly and just see how that goes.
Christopher Hume: One quick thing for you, Lisa and I have to jump in a minute here, but if you use the same patient, let's say initials.
Elisabeth Warner: Yes.
Christopher Hume: Every time you record it like jot Psych will take context from past notes and bring them into future notes.
Elisabeth Warner: Oh, that's incredible. That's a huge.
Christopher Hume: If you push the patient button on the top left of your screen.
Elisabeth Warner: Oh, okay.
Christopher Hume: Like you can have like a patient overview. It'll collect diagnoses and medications you prescribed and so you will see that built out for your, your patient.
Elisabeth Warner: All the difference. That's completely different. Now I don't think I got a price for the documentation side. How much is this going to cost me?
Christopher Hume: Jot psych for all of our features. Unlimited notes is $150 a month.
Elisabeth Warner: So that's and that's even for full time or part time or do you have a part time right now?
Christopher Hume: We don't have a part time.
Elisabeth Warner: You said one. Right.
Christopher Hume: We're planning to roll out for providers who are 15 notes or less a month. So typically that's just like students.
Elisabeth Warner: No, that's totally me. 50amonth because 15. I thought you said 15. So it's not going to help. Okay, so 150amonth. Unlimited. But you take context. Which now. So if I put in intake and follow up, then I should only have to dictate in the new stuff. Not everything that's completely different. And I noticed you had a lab and other how do I add in labs and quarterly screenings
Christopher Hume: Again, for now, it would have to be copy and pasting in. You can develop lab documents in jot psych, but if you want to them in, you would just have to copy and paste into that note area. And Lisa, I'm sorry, I do have to jump to another call.
Elisabeth Warner: Thank you very much.
Christopher Hume: If you need anything at all after this weekend, just shoot me an email and we can get another time set up to review how
Elisabeth Warner: things AI is learning, basically as it goes.
Christopher Hume: Yep.
Elisabeth Warner: Okay.
Christopher Hume: Thank you.
Elisabeth Warner: Context is huge. All right.
Christopher Hume: Thank you very much. Thank you, Lisa.
Elisabeth Warner: Have a great weekend.