Adam Harrison: Same with you.
michelle.lynn: Yeah, it's been busy.
Adam Harrison: Yeah. I am down in D.C. now. I came down last night, so spent a little time in person with Nate and everyone.
michelle.lynn: So is that where you guys are located at is in dc?
Adam Harrison: Yeah, yeah, they're down. We're kind of split DC and New York. We're actually in the process of moving more formally everything to New York. So that is exciting for me because I now, you know, don't have to do Amtrak anymore, so. So, yeah, I'm. I'm excited. So it'll be nice to visit sometime.
michelle.lynn: We. I went out to Maryland in May, over to New York, but we did go. We did New Jersey, D.C. we drove up to Boston. So, yeah.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, come visit sometime. I mean, if you want to visit D.C. you got about another month or so before we're out of here, but New York will be. And we'll have a nice office on the water and all that, so anytime you want to come to New York.
michelle.lynn: Because I've been to D.C.
Adam Harrison: yeah. Yeah, yeah. That would be fun.
michelle.lynn: That would be great.
michelle.lynn: That would be a lot of fun.
Adam Harrison: Well, cool. Well, yeah, I have, like, a couple things for today. You know, I think we can keep it pretty brief, but first, I wanted to just maybe do a little bit of a debrief from our call on Monday.
michelle.lynn: Okay.
Adam Harrison: Like, what was your kind of impression of that? Just kind of, like, coming into that cold. Like, is that. Yeah, I'm just, like, curious. Your takeaways, reactions to that to start.
michelle.lynn: So honestly, excuse my language when I say this, but I was. I think Advanced MD is a shit show. Like, that is the. That's worse than it ever was. Like, I don't know what. They thought they were improving, but that is a nightmare to look at.
Adam Harrison: Yeah.
michelle.lynn: So I did feel, like, as disorganized as he is. That explains why.
michelle.lynn: Yeah, I was a little shocked, honestly, for him to say he has 190 clients that came with him and him to have not hardly had any insurance for them.
Adam Harrison: Yeah.
michelle.lynn: You know, you would think he would have had, you know, knowing that, or at least a game plan. Like, I'm in the credentialing. Like, he must have some money to be able to just be like, I'll take $20 from you, and it's not a big deal. I mean, it. I was a little shocked by some of it, but it's definitely a manageable situation that, you know, I mean, it's going to take some. Some work, but it's, it's something that could turn out to be pretty decent. He doesn't seem like he's really a micromanaging type provider. So I think that that's always a good plus because then you can just get in there and do your job, you know? Yeah, I. It was a little like, wow,
Adam Harrison: very shoot from the hip, right?
michelle.lynn: Yeah, absolutely.
Adam Harrison: Very shoot from the hip. Yeah. Okay. And yeah, I'm not optimistic he's gonna send me any payer contracts, But I feel
michelle.lynn: like he's not as far into the to it as he thinks he is. Like if he just started that in November. So typically credentialing is 90 to 120 days and, and more so along the lines of 120 days because you have to contract the company and then credential the provider. Well, he had three major holidays in that time frame. I don't think he's even close to where he thinks he should be.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, well, he does. He did say like, Cigna was done. Right.
michelle.lynn: And Medicaid one of the fastest. Aetna. Aetna can take forever. Although I will say that Aetna has been faster since COVID because Aetna was taking over a year and a half during COVID And I think they got themselves into trouble with that because they have been a little bit faster. Blue Cross Blue Shield is always a mess. Tricare is always a mess.
Adam Harrison: So, yeah, yeah. I'm gonna have to figure out what we do with him to try to like move that ball forward.
michelle.lynn: But I highly recommend really pushing him to get out of Advanced md.
Adam Harrison: Yeah.
michelle.lynn: I mean, I know he's put a lot of work into it, but I think it's just going to be a never ending. Put a lot of work. Like even just looking at the dashboard and how he.
michelle.lynn: It was awful. Yeah.
michelle.lynn: So we'll, we'll see where he say, hey, you bring over, come over to us and for, you know, six months, we'll give you a huge discount. And then. Yeah, because that was. That's a mess.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, yeah. And before. Because pretty soon he's gonna get things set up and then momentum, I think favors advanced. So I think we need to kind of try to start submitting at least his ongoing Cigna claims through Jot Psych. I don't think. I don't think we're going to get much from the, like, historical January stuff, so I'm, like, not too keen to go down that rabbit hole.
michelle.lynn: No. And it's definitely a rabbit hole.
Adam Harrison: Yeah. So maybe we can do a test of more like, hey, for next week. We'll submit these through Jot Psych and show him how it works that way. I don't know. We need to figure that out still.
michelle.lynn: But I do think if you had any. Anything cigna. He's. Although didn't. He did say he didn't really have any signal for January, Right?
Adam Harrison: No, no. No signal for January. Yeah.
michelle.lynn: Yeah.
michelle.lynn: I'm a little curious, too, about his Medicaid, because Medicaid is one of the hardest ones to bill.
michelle.lynn: And I think that, you know, I mean, you're going to really want to make for sure that he's fully set up with that before, because that can be a real mess because you can't. He can't go back and charge a Medicaid client. That's. That's illegal. Like, if it's. If it doesn't pay, he can't charge them.
Adam Harrison: If the. If the claim from Medicaid doesn't pay, he can't charge the patient.
michelle.lynn: Nope.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
michelle.lynn: And Medicaid can be pretty. Pretty sticky with the setup process, so.
Adam Harrison: Okay. Okay. All right. Well, we'll have to, like, come back to that when we talk to him next.
michelle.lynn: But what I wanted on the call on Monday,
Adam Harrison: I'll check with Nate, because I think he. Nate wanted to talk more about credentialing stuff, so. And Nate kind of already has a thing lined up for that, so. So yeah, I'll check with him, but he might just want to focus that you guys are.
michelle.lynn: Will, you know, want me to be part of. Because I do credentialing, too.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, yeah, No, I know. So I just haven't been. Nate has been kind of just off doing that on his own. I don't know, like, where that's at. So I'll. I'll mention it to him and see what. What he wants to do. Yeah.
michelle.lynn: So do you and Nate own the business together?
Adam Harrison: No. So Nate and Jackson do, and I am. You know, I'm. I'm just an early employee. Yeah.
michelle.lynn: Oh, gotcha. Okay.
Adam Harrison: Yeah. Yeah.
michelle.lynn: I thought you and Nate owned it.
Adam Harrison: No, no, no. Unfortunately for me. No. But. But yeah. So Nate and Jackson. Have you met Jackson? I think.
michelle.lynn: I think I have. Very, very beginning.
Adam Harrison: Yeah. He's kind of the technical mind. You know, the software guy. So and Nate and I are a little more on, you know, everything else, I guess you could say. Well, great. What I wanted to actually go through today. I think we can kind of do this pretty quickly, actually. Sorry. Let me get. Lights are off in here, and now it's getting dark, so. I need some more. Need some more light. I wanted to just submit a claim for Stephen, who's the. If you recall Stephen, he's the one who like didn't bill for a whole year.
michelle.lynn: Right.
Adam Harrison: So. And I know I have kind of filled out the claim for the most part already. Excuse me. And it's for Medicare.
michelle.lynn: Okay.
Adam Harrison: And I just want to like go through the information with you. We don't have all of like Steven's stuff that we need, so I'm just going to kind of like take my best stab at a claim and just, just submit it. Because we just have to like do something at this point. So I'm going to share my screen.
michelle.lynn: Okay.
Adam Harrison: And then maybe we can kind of like fill this out together.
michelle.lynn: Sure.
Adam Harrison: Let me actually just do my entire screen because there's like two things here. All right. Can you see my screen? Let me try to minimize this. I close this so I have the claim here on the left hand side. Is this like really small? Is this hard to see?
michelle.lynn: It is. I'm trying. I don't know if I can make my. Because our pictures on the site are really big.
Adam Harrison: Oh, maybe try double clicking on. You. Is this what yours looks like? Is it kind of like this
michelle.lynn: minor over to the side and taking up like half of the screen.
Adam Harrison: Okay, try if you do. Well, no, that, that won't work.
michelle.lynn: Let me see in picture. Full video. Okay, that's better. I got it a little better.
Adam Harrison: Okay, sorry. Yeah, we can just kind of like zoom in and out as we go though. But I'll just start here. So you're kind of oriented. So I have this, you know, Medicare card and then I have the super bill that's ready and I can actually like print. And this is what comes up here. Now I'm not sure all of this information, like the address. This address is correct, right? Because that's it. That's the patient address.
michelle.lynn: Yep.
Adam Harrison: But for example, this facility is different than like his npi. What's listed here.
michelle.lynn: But anyway, so that it has his mailing address.
Adam Harrison: Yeah. So I think probably we want this for the address.
michelle.lynn: You're gonna have to have the location.
Adam Harrison: Yeah. Even though this says.
michelle.lynn: Yeah, that's just the super bill. Is this a telehealth session?
Adam Harrison: I think it's in person.
michelle.lynn: Okay.
Adam Harrison: That's how it's logged here. Does it not say in person on here somewhere?
Adam Harrison: Let's look over here. Office.
michelle.lynn: Oh, yep. Office. Or other outpatient, though.
Adam Harrison: That's just 99214.
michelle.lynn: Yeah. Is there a modifier there? I don't see any modifiers. Nope.
Adam Harrison: This. Oh, I can't actually do that.
michelle.lynn: There's not a modifier. I could. Right next to the CPT code.
Adam Harrison: Oh, there it is.
michelle.lynn: Yeah. There's no modifier. So.
Adam Harrison: Yeah.
Adam Harrison: So it would be like I saw something here with a modifier somewhere. Maybe not. Oh, yeah, place of service. Although this is the wrong modifier. Right.
michelle.lynn: That's the wrong place of service.
Adam Harrison: Should be.
michelle.lynn: If it was in office, it should be an 11.
Adam Harrison: Yeah. So I think he probably put this thinking it was in office.
michelle.lynn: Sort of my assumption.
Adam Harrison: Okay. So the other thing is, if I look at his. So there's like, kudos, mental health. And then there's also, you know, I don't know if he's credentialed as NPI 1 or 2. Like, kudos, mental health versus this.
michelle.lynn: And.
Adam Harrison: Right. He doesn't actually show up in the CMS directory, which I think is like Medicare, Medicaid. Right, right. So I don't know. I think I'm just kind of rolling with this one for now. Which is what he has listed here for his MPI. Here.
michelle.lynn: Does he? Because he doesn't even have a tax ID on this super bill.
Adam Harrison: I have his tax ID from something else from like his Practice Fusion account has a tax ID in there that I grabbed, but this is the only MPI I've ever found anywhere.
michelle.lynn: Yeah.
Adam Harrison: So I think I'm probably gonna do that case scenario.
michelle.lynn: You'll find. Figure it out when you get a denied claim saying that he's not a. A participating provider.
Adam Harrison: Okay. Well, he might also just not be participating because I think he let his certification or something like lapse, and then he didn't renew it, so it might just get denied anyway. I don't know. He hasn't followed up either, so. But anyway, I think we can probably just kind of jump to the claim.
michelle.lynn: Yeah.
Adam Harrison: And I did this manually just because it's like the first one that we're doing. And I want to just kind of be a little bit, you know, kind of try to do it all by the book to maximize the chances we get something here. But. But he's in Los Angeles, so I think this is Medicare, Southern California B.
Adam Harrison: Okay, let's see here. Medicare, right?
michelle.lynn: Right.
Adam Harrison: Insurance insured ID number. Is that the Medicare number?
michelle.lynn: Yep.
Adam Harrison: Or do I leave that blank?
michelle.lynn: Nope, that's the Medicare number.
Adam Harrison: Okay. Patient name, patient date of birth, insured name. Do I need to. Yeah. These are all required, right?
michelle.lynn: Yep.
Adam Harrison: Patient address. Seems like that could be left blank maybe.
michelle.lynn: Yeah.
Adam Harrison: Should I just take it out of there? Does it just introduce.
michelle.lynn: Oh, no, no. You have to have the patient address in there. It will kick it back.
Adam Harrison: Okay.
michelle.lynn: Your system shouldn't even allow you to submit without address, date of birth, phone number, Member id, things like that.
Adam Harrison: Okay. I don't see phone number in here, but we can. Maybe it's down further.
michelle.lynn: Well, it doesn't. I don't. I'm try. I don't think it populates on here as a required field, but there are some systems that it doesn't allow unless you have a contact information, so necessarily have to have that.
Adam Harrison: Okay. 10. Do I just leave 10 and.
michelle.lynn: Nope. All of those need to be marked as no.
Adam Harrison: Okay, got it. Blame codes. Can I leave that blank so you know.
michelle.lynn: Yeah, that can be blank.
Adam Harrison: Okay. Policy or FIKA number. Is that the same as this?
michelle.lynn: Yes, I think so. Let me. Let me just look. I'm trying to remember because one of those is the one that requires the none in there. Let me look here.
Adam Harrison: Right. You did say that. Yeah. Is that.
michelle.lynn: It's so small. So I'm looking. Is that box 11? I can't see that.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, that's 11. Sorry. I'll zoom in.
michelle.lynn: You're okay. Oh, that's better. So in box 11, you should have none in that top policy if they don't have a secondary, which you don't know that. Right?
Adam Harrison: No idea. This is all I have.
michelle.lynn: Okay. And then you do need to have the date of birth and the sex there.
Adam Harrison: Okay. And that's now repeated like a third time. Right, Right. Okay. Okay.
michelle.lynn: And then nothing. You need to have at the bottom of 11 where it says, is there another health benefit that should be marked either yes or no.
Adam Harrison: Back over to 11 and down.
michelle.lynn: Yes, that yes or no right there. Insured or authorized. Oh, wait, no. Let me see. Where is it should be D in box 11. 11, see?
Adam Harrison: Where's D? And it's in a box.
michelle.lynn: Have a D.
Adam Harrison: Oh, claim code. No, it's 10D.
michelle.lynn: That's 10D.
Adam Harrison: I only have 11C.
michelle.lynn: Oh, maybe they. Maybe they've discontinued it. It used to say, is there another health plan benefit? Yes or no. Maybe it. Maybe they moved it over to box nine.
Adam Harrison: Seven. Nine is not supported.
michelle.lynn: Interesting.
michelle.lynn: Okay, is there anything that says, is there another insurer. What does it say? Benefit.
michelle.lynn: Is there another health benefit plan? Yes or no? If so, complete. 9A. 9. 9A and 9D.
Adam Harrison: Okay. It looks like it's not going to let me do that for some reason.
michelle.lynn: Okay.
michelle.lynn: It's just grayed out so that you don't have another plan. But it should be marked. That question should be marked as yes or no if there isn't. But if you don't have it, you obviously can't mark it.
Adam Harrison: No, I guess not.
michelle.lynn: Right.
Adam Harrison: All right, that makes it easy then.
michelle.lynn: I don't know if that's going to go through as a standard form. Did you guys create this form?
Adam Harrison: This is steady. So this is their clearinghouse.
michelle.lynn: Okay, so then they probably have it formatted to where it will accept that.
Adam Harrison: Okay, let's hope so. Otherwise it's just going to get denied, I guess.
michelle.lynn: Right.
Adam Harrison: Okay. What about the other. These other ones in 11?
michelle.lynn: Yep. You don't have to have anything in there because those would be for if you had other insurance information.
Adam Harrison: Okay, so. Should I leave this blank because they don't have other insurance?
michelle.lynn: No. Well, so on most systems it self populates in there because you have none in there. So that's not a big deal. But it does have the date of birth and.
Adam Harrison: Okay, I'll just leave it. It seems like it's fine. All right. Patient or authorized person signature?
michelle.lynn: Yes.
Adam Harrison: Okay.
michelle.lynn: Because that, that's author, you know, I mean, you have to have the consent to treat. And so that's what you're. You're saying there is. You have a signature that you can treat that client.
Adam Harrison: Okay, got it. And then this one. Insured or authorized person signature. I guess that's the same as patient.
michelle.lynn: Yep.
michelle.lynn: Because it would be. Because if it was a child, you would have that. Yes. And then the parents would be the other.
Adam Harrison: Okay. All of this can be blank. 14, 15, 16, 17, 18. Or does that need to have stuff?
michelle.lynn: Nope, everything can be blank. 20. I don't know if that's a required field on theirs, but it says outside lab. That's usually marked as no. Like you have that option too. Yes.
Adam Harrison: No, it's. Yeah, it just wants like a number. So I'm just gonna leave it blank.
michelle.lynn: And then obviously 21 should have your diagnosis.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, 22.
michelle.lynn: So 22 generally. Let me see where your 22 is. I don't see your 22.
Adam Harrison: Oh, 20.
michelle.lynn: Yeah.
Adam Harrison: Box 22 submission code.
michelle.lynn: Yes. So that needs to be marked as a one for original. Oh, they don't have that. So that must be blank. That's weird. Usually it has to say original or there's usually three options. Option 1 original, the 7 replacement, and the 8 void.
Adam Harrison: So I guess it defaults to original.
michelle.lynn: Yep.
Adam Harrison: Okay, that's good.
michelle.lynn: Yep.
Adam Harrison: So 21, we have this.
michelle.lynn: Yep.
Adam Harrison: So this is all. I switched to 11 instead of, instead of 40. Whatever. He put 49. Yeah. I just put a random number in here because I don't have his like contract. But maybe I should do a lower number. Or maybe I need like.
michelle.lynn: I would do a higher number because you don't know what his contract was would be. I would do like 500 because they're only going to pay the contracted rate. But if you, if you lowball that, then they're only going to pay whatever. If even if his contract was say $365, they're only going to pay you 300 because that's all you're charging for it.
Adam Harrison: Got it. Okay, that's. That's easy enough. And then that's his mpi. I have his tax ID from his ehr.
michelle.lynn: Okay.
Adam Harrison: This. I just did the same. This is like a random thing. I, I did the same thing that was on the super bill. So I feel like that's probably okay. Yep. This I wasn't sure about. Accept assignment.
michelle.lynn: Yep. So what? The accept assignment. If you say yes, that means that the insurance is going to pay you or not you but him. If you say no, what you're doing is saying you're filing the claim for the client, but they need to pay the client.
Adam Harrison: Okay. So this should be yes.
michelle.lynn: Yep.
Adam Harrison: Okay, this.
michelle.lynn: That's only once. If you were doing a secondary claim, you'd put in the amount the primary paid.
Adam Harrison: Okay. Signature. Yes. Submitter.
michelle.lynn: So generally on the submitter. Oh, that's really weird. I don't even have that on any of my submitter box submit individual. Wait, sorry. It's just opposite. So Is that box 33? That's 31, right?
Adam Harrison: 31, yeah.
michelle.lynn: Oh, so. So my box 31 on all my claims is the signature of the physician or supplier and it usually just says electronically signed and the date. So that's weird that I've not seen that before.
Adam Harrison: So I think this says you must provide information for the rendering provider.
michelle.lynn: So.
michelle.lynn: Yeah, what they're wanting in there. So on all of mine it says electronically signed on all of ours. But in there you're going to want the rendering provider.
Adam Harrison: Okay. And then I need his phone and those are required.
michelle.lynn: See, you must also. I wonder why they don't have those marked just for as. That's weird. You would think. As you see, the first and last name have the star but none of the rest of it does.
Adam Harrison: Yeah. So what do you think? Do I just do this or.
michelle.lynn: I would. I mean I would just do the. The fields that are required is how I would do it. But.
Adam Harrison: Okay, I'll start.
michelle.lynn: And honestly, until you submit it, you're not going to know. Have you submitted other claims electronically through this?
Adam Harrison: We're going to do it together. This is the first one.
michelle.lynn: The very first one. Okay. Yeah. So I assume this will definitely be a learning experience for both of us because some of this I've not seen.
Adam Harrison: Okay.
michelle.lynn: Your box 32 is generally. If he's so with that. Yeah. You could put his look or his organization. I was going to say usually that is left blank if you. If it's just the rendering provider. But see you're filing under individual because you don't know if he's actually credentialed as the organization. Right.
Adam Harrison: I think it's individual, but I have no idea.
michelle.lynn: So I wouldn't put anything in this service facility location.
Adam Harrison: But it's. Even though it's. It was an in office visit.
michelle.lynn: Well, all of that information is. Should be over here under your billing provider info. You could go ahead and fill it in just to be safe just because this is a little bit different. So yeah, you could go ahead and put that in there. A lot of times if it's a video, it'll just say video, otherwise it's blank.
Adam Harrison: Okay.
Adam Harrison: So I'll just make it consistent with this thing and we'll see what happens. Because worst case we could just resubmit. Right?
michelle.lynn: Yeah.
Adam Harrison: It's not like NPI. The facility provider only required 33A. So I think that's fine because we have NPI here. I think that's it, right?
michelle.lynn: Yes, that should be everything. So your zip code is different.
Adam Harrison: You. That's a good point.
michelle.lynn: So I would make sure you use the same zip code.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, I think I changed that because I was going off of this one which is like the NPI registry is probably correct.
michelle.lynn: Yeah.
Adam Harrison: As opposed to whatever he logged in his ehr.
michelle.lynn: Right.
Adam Harrison: God knows what he's been doing in there.
michelle.lynn: Right.
Adam Harrison: Oh, man.
michelle.lynn: He hasn't built for a year.
Adam Harrison: Oh, yeah. Like, I, I. You can't. I mean, I don't even know if it was a telehealth visit, if I'm being honest or in office, but is that okay? Do I need to, like, confirm with him which one it was? I'm sure he might not even remember.
michelle.lynn: No, I think you're fine to. Because it does say on there, you know, it did say a facility location, which would be.
Adam Harrison: Exactly.
michelle.lynn: There's no modifier to indicate. The only other thing you could really do is go look at his calendar for that data service. Because with Practice Fusion, it would have a camera on the calendar if it was. Yeah, I mean, you certainly could.
Adam Harrison: Let's do that quickly. Let's see. It's a good idea. All right, so let's try to do this schedule all the way back. How do I do this quickly?
michelle.lynn: You're not probably gonna.
Adam Harrison: July 17th, is that it, or was it.
michelle.lynn: Yeah, yeah, I think it was the 17th.
Adam Harrison: See if it's over here. 17th.
michelle.lynn: Yeah. So there's no. It looks like it would have probably been in person. Well, who knows? It says it's still pending arrival.
Adam Harrison: I think probably all these are pending arrival.
michelle.lynn: Yeah.
michelle.lynn: So apparently they don't check the people in when they get there.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, no one. Yeah. Okay.
michelle.lynn: Yep.
michelle.lynn: I would do this in person.
Adam Harrison: Yes. All right, well, let's just give it a try. Let's go back. All right. Where were we? So I think we can just submit this, right?
michelle.lynn: You should be able to submit it.
michelle.lynn: Let's try it and see if it gives us any errors to begin with.
Adam Harrison: All right, we have one here, Validation.
michelle.lynn: So it's got it down in the.
Adam Harrison: Oh, wait, I didn't do his name in here.
michelle.lynn: Oh, interesting.
Adam Harrison: Okay, that's easy enough.
michelle.lynn: That's interesting. It's kind of hidden there.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, very much. Oh, do I need some identifiers here?
michelle.lynn: Not usual. I mean that's usually all set up on the back end. That's just so weird.
Adam Harrison: Yeah. This is very much like the very raw, like.
michelle.lynn: Yeah, yeah.
Adam Harrison: So.
michelle.lynn: So what are the. The indicators? Does it. Does it say in there like.
Adam Harrison: I think I just put this in and I think it. Let me try again. Okay. I can't even see the error. Hold on. Failed to submit. No. No reason why. Oh, carrier phone number, fax number, carrier email, at least one of those. I think that's down here. So let me just grab something from here.
michelle.lynn: From your super bill.
Adam Harrison: Yes. I think I gotta go back.
michelle.lynn: Yeah, up there in the top. 332-3802 yeah.
Adam Harrison: The facts is the same. Interesting. All right, let's just try that.
michelle.lynn: Yeah. Oh, looks like it's going.
Adam Harrison: Let's see what happens. So here's the other question is like we won't get to really see the outcome of this. Right. Because we don't have. It's going to like post wherever he has it set up, right?
michelle.lynn: Yeah. So about the only thing you can do if it doesn't come back as a. So it's in production. That's good. If it doesn't come back as rejected, I would give it like 10 to 14 days and then you can call CMS to see if it's cleared or if he had. Which I'm guessing he probably doesn't have a portal for you to check.
Adam Harrison: I'm sure he doesn't.
michelle.lynn: Yeah, I'm sure he doesn't either if he hasn't built for a year.
Adam Harrison: Okay, so what is normally the. How long do you think this will take? Like it's just going to say production for a while. You think?
michelle.lynn: So it. When it's in production, usually within 24 to 48 hours it will go to. It should go to a received or like if they. Once it goes because you just submitted to the clearinghouse. Clearinghouse technically could scrub it and if they find something on the. The their end that they fill is going to get rejected at the payer, then they're going to kick it back. If it doesn't, then it'll say, it should say received once it's received at the payer and then it will literally. I mean I don't know what the terminology is with this clearinghouse but then it would could literally just say set at the received or at the accepted stage. Once it's usually at accepted, it means the clearinghouse has sent it to the payer, the payer is good to go and you know, now it's just a processing situation that still mean it's going to get paid because even it can sit at the payer and nothing could ever happen to it.
Adam Harrison: Got it.
michelle.lynn: So that's why, you know, the cold claim follow up thing.
Adam Harrison: So how would I, so I should wait until this like goes through to and then eventually I can call the payer. But like I don't even know what number I would call or what I would say or like when. First of all, I don't even know if he's credentialed or if his credentialing was active at the time, like where the payment's going to get posted, if it's a check, if it's electronic, like how do I figure all this out? Because the provider is just not doing anything.
michelle.lynn: So technically what we would do is we would call the number on the card, we would call Medicare, they have an IVR system, which absolutely is a horrible system, but we can get through it. We would call, go through the IVR prompts, they will tell us if they've received the claim, if they haven't. And then you can eventually get to a person to speak with if you go through the prompts the correct way. And then once we get there, then we can ask them, you know, if he's credentialed, did they receive the claim, is it being processed? If it paid, they can tell us, you know, like if it paid, was it direct deposit and when it cleared so that we could go back to the, to the provider and ask the provider if, you know, check your bank account and see if you received a payment on this, you know, around this time frame for this amount. And then you know, we, we would have the check information.
Adam Harrison: Okay, got it. Okay, that makes sense. And is there some way we could just set up like the payment like all the enrollments and stuff that we need to just like set it up so that things post to our clearinghouse to job site and like payment goes into his bank account instead of a check. Like, how would we do. Do that?
michelle.lynn: Yep. So you can, so you, you have to do. I believe as a, you know, jot. Psych, you're going to have to have some kind of an agreement with your clearinghouse that all of these payers eras come back into their system and into your system to post. Once that's done. When you set up eft, you're literally filling out a form that says, you know, the ERA goes here and the EFT payment goes into this bank account.
Adam Harrison: Okay.
michelle.lynn: Now a lot of the struggles with that can be this if. And, and I, I foresee this being a problem with this one. And that would literally be determining whether or not he actually receives payment. So, like, I have some providers that are fantastic. At the end of every month, they send me a copy of their, you know, bank statement and I go through and check it off and I have some of them. I have one gal right now that she's like, I'm not getting paid. And I'm like, what do you mean you're not getting paid? I mean, you don't have any checks. And she's like, well, I'm getting checks. I'm like, well, then you're getting paid. And she's like, no, it's not enough money. And I'm like. I said, well, you know, okay, let me research it. So I call, I get all the EOBs, I call the insurance, and they're like, all the checks have cleared. So I'm like, what are you talking about? You're not. So, yeah, so I finally, I was like, look, you need to either send me your bank statement so I can check these off and research this, or we just go with whatever you're doing because if you don't provide me the info, I can't provide you the info.
michelle.lynn: Okay, that's simple.
Adam Harrison: All right, Makes sense. Yeah. And Medicare takes time to set up the whole EFT thing, right?
michelle.lynn: Medicare is probably the most difficult because it kind of sets the standards for all of the insurance companies. You know, you'll hear a lot of them say, we follow Medicare guidelines. The thing with Medicare is you have, each jurisdiction has a portal. So I think we determined that theirs is NovaSphere or Noridian, one of the two for California. So you have to set up a Noridian portal. The provider has to give you permission and access to be part of that portal in order for you to be able to do anything, get EFTs, get EOBs, anything. So it's a big thing for, especially for Medicaids or Medicare.
Adam Harrison: I mean, okay, so he has to set up Neridian and then invite us, and then we can start the whole EFT thing.
michelle.lynn: And just an FYI to that, you might want to set Neridian up yourself as the person. Provider. Like you would pretend to be the provider. Some. Some of them. You literally do have to have the provider do it, like availity, because they ask some pretty crazy questions. But it would be a situation where maybe you do a call with them and walk them through it, because otherwise they're going to get in there, they're going to get frustrated. They're just going to be like, forget it, I'm not doing this.
michelle.lynn: And then you're never going to get the information you need.
Adam Harrison: Okay. All right. That is helpful.
michelle.lynn: You are now a behavioral health babysitter.
Adam Harrison: So fun.
michelle.lynn: So fun.
Adam Harrison: Thank you.
michelle.lynn: I did daycare for years. I didn't know when I got out of daycare I would be going into adult daycare.
Adam Harrison: Man, this daycare is. Yeah. Also has insurance and Medicare, so that makes it. That makes it even more fun.
michelle.lynn: Let me tell you how many times I thought about dirty diapers. Make more sense.
Adam Harrison: Oh, my God. Wow. All right. Well, this has been very informative. So, you know, I can't say I feel better, but I do feel good that we got that submitted. So. So at least the first step in a very long, long journey that will evolve quite a bit, I'm sure. So. So anyway, thank you, Michelle.
michelle.lynn: How far out do you guys think you are from having Jotbill set up?
Adam Harrison: We're getting closer. We. Yeah, there's. There's a lot there that we need to do to have, like, all the bells and whistles that we want. So it's coming along, but, you know, it's. It's a process. You know, it's.
michelle.lynn: Oh, yeah.
Adam Harrison: Process. So. But it's exciting. You know, we're getting close, so we will hopefully have it soon. So I don't have to go through that horrible form that I just did with you too many more times, right?
michelle.lynn: Yeah. Because if once you have it set up in your back end, a lot of that stuff should just auto populate for you.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, exactly. Exactly. So that is. That's the dream. So hopefully we get there soon.
michelle.lynn: Right? Right. All right.
Adam Harrison: All right. Thanks, Michelle.
michelle.lynn: You're welcome. We'll talk to you soon.
Adam Harrison: Talk to you soon. All right, bye. Bye.