JORGE VALCOURT: This morning with the providers. This morning, that's why I send you that point list.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah, no, that was perfect. I have that. Yeah, that was exactly the kind of thing we need for me to organize things. I have a nice document I can actually share and just like walk through the response to that and what I think we need to do. Okay, let's do it. Do you want me to add your read AI meeting notes?
JORGE VALCOURT: Yeah, please do.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah. Okay, great. Just making sure. Okay, so let me pull up this document. One moment.
JORGE VALCOURT: At first, just to let you know how the meeting went. Jackson, so you also have a feel of how they are feeling with the program, okay, with the software. I would say I had. About seven to eight therapies in that meeting. I want to say that at least half of them were saying that. When they use the system, they had to do. Extra. Steps. Extra work. After they finish the session, either because they have to remove stuff that shouldn't go there. Because one of them was saying about the I versus the therapist thing.
JORGE VALCOURT: Apparently he fixed it. The other was saying that sometimes the patient mentions alcohol and the system grabs that information and elaborates on alcohol and mentions that the person has a substance abuse or alcohol issue when it is not that critical in that session. So a few people mentioned the same thing. So at the end, what I told them, and you correct me if I don't know what I'm saying. If you in the session mentions something. The system is not a therapist. So the system won't know if it's something that is critical or if it's something urgent or if it's. Something that needs to be put in the node or not. That system will grab it. And we'll dump it in the node. Is there a way where you can leave some stuff out or maybe highlight that stuff? So when they review the node, which they had to do no matter how good your system is. They can see that information. Maybe. It's, I don't know, different. And they remove it or they add it or something to avoid risks.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah, absolutely. So this gets to, I'm just going to skip to this punch list for a moment, which is that I think customization actually covers quite a bit of some of this feedback with regard to people saying, hey, you know, it's not formatted consistently each time or we like the formatting from this person better than this person. You know, whether or not it's sensitive to, hey, every single time I mention something, I want it to write a lot about it or only write a lot about something if I like really talk about it for a while. As you know, every single clinic has different things that they want and different preferences. So the system is built such that it can give you exactly what you want, but you have to train it a little bit. You do have to give it some feedback. And I think that the next step is probably to do a new round of feedback on your templates now that everyone's really looking at them. I think a lot of your templates, we made it first just for the psychiatry providers. And then we move to psychology, but I don't think we did a like, hey, send us 10 psychological notes that you think are really good and we'll bake that into the templates. So I think that's probably the next step that's going to solve most of this is just actually doing some of that training. And we have two different options we can do there. One is we'll do it. For that. We just need you to send examples. So when people say, hey, we like, you know, Dr. Valkort's note, but not the one that Juan Vargas has. We just need to see those examples so that we can feed that in and say, do this, not that the best case there is if you're just like, hey, these are three notes from Dr. Valcourt that everyone loves. You know, it's the right way. It's the way we wanted to do it. Make all of the notes kind of look like this. That is something that we can like, you know, very quickly turn into the preference for the system. And the other option is the self serve one where, you know, you, most clinics, what they'll do is they'll designate one person so that it's not chaos to be the person who's kind of like, okay, I'm going to like train the template to do it the way that we want. And that's something where they can do it iteratively so they can get one note and they can just say right there into the AI chat bar like, no, it should be bullet points here. Don't talk about alcohol this much, you know, and they do that for three or four notes. And then once they're happy with how they start coming out, we can then take that template and push it to everyone else in the organization. We can do either of those two or some combination of them. But I think that's the next step to address most of those of those issues that were on the punch list.
JORGE VALCOURT: Okay. Okay. Yeah. Right now I don't have someone that I can task. With this work. Before it was Melissa. You know where she's at right now. So I think that as of right now with the people I have, the best option will be for me to send you notes. Finish notes and tell you these are the notes I want the system to manage. And create a template around those nodes. That's, I think it's the fastest.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Then. I think that's the fastest. And then we can just do some quality checking on our side ahead of it so that you don't have to waste any of your providers time or frustration by having to go through those intermediate steps.
JORGE VALCOURT: Okay.
Jackson Bierfeldt: So I would say for each kind of template, because I know you have several different kinds. You know, you have the psychotherapy template, you have the like biopsychosocial one for each of those that you have. Just send us as many examples as you can of ones that someone has looked at and said, yes, this is good. Either it was a good one from us or it's one that they edited and put into your, you know, advanced MD, whatever it is. But if you can just get us the ones where it's approved, we can work with that.
JORGE VALCOURT: How many examples do you need of each template?
Jackson Bierfeldt: The more the better. But I would say at least three good examples.
JORGE VALCOURT: Okay, that's fine. I can do that.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Okay. Yeah. So yeah, that'll, that'll be a good way to, you know, standardize as well. Because right now you're seeing some variants among the different providers. That isn't actually true at the level. It's not like their accounts have different templates. It's just that the instructions to the AI aren't specific enough. So sometimes the AI does it this way, sometimes it does it that way. But once we have the good example, we can say, no, no, no. Every single time do it exactly this way and then it will be good at doing that.
JORGE VALCOURT: Okay. That's good. In the event that some data gets into a note data that we don't want. Or data that will be re-verified by a therapist. If something that could cause an issue down the road. Like substance abuse, some sexual something. Is there a way where the system can. Highlight or maybe do something? So it is so it is very fine before signed. So we're sure we don't miss it.
Jackson Bierfeldt: You mean like, like highlight and be like, hey, this is kind of sensitive. Like make sure you extra pay attention to this.
JORGE VALCOURT: Yeah. I mean, because I know that knowing my people, they're going to at some point they're going to get lazy and they won't review it the way they should be reviewing it. So if. The system already says, okay, this is sensitive, make sure you at least click on it or initially. Or remove something. You know, I think it's going to minimize the chance of them putting something that shouldn't go in the note.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah. This is something that our like jot audit program does where it reads the note after it's been written and it flags things like, hey, you might want to make extra special, you know, attention to this.
Jackson Bierfeldt: So yeah, that's something that we already have in the software. I can look at configuring your jot audit to pay attention to those particular things. So it sounds like one action item just to start with is if something is deemed like socially sensitive, you know, some trauma history or substance abuse or something like that, we could have it do an extra flag on that that draws the clinician's attention to that section in particular. And I think that would, that would be a good step there.
JORGE VALCOURT: Okay.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Okay. Okay. So just moving through this, I'm going to work back up just to the billing for a second and just give you the update there. So they actually just have not been very many psychiatry signal claims that we've been able to submit. It's still just been those two that we did in mid-March. But, you know, one of them came back fully paid. The other one, we're still waiting on them to come back there. So just so that you know the next step for Cigna in particular would be moving over the era to Jot psych so that, you know, all of the Cigna claims like come into our system. To do that though, I think you'd want to have this psychological claims being submitted through Jotzych. That way you're not dealing with the split platform. So I think that's sort of what we're talking about here, getting all of the therapists more comfortable with JotSych as an initial step to saying like, hey, actually this is the platform you're going to be pressing sign in and that the billers are going to be doing submit on. But I just wanted to confirm that with you that that's your understanding of what you'd like to do with the Cigna pair.
JORGE VALCOURT: Okay. So just to confirm you want to move. Forward with a psychology claims only for Cigna.
Jackson Bierfeldt: I think that is probably the thing that makes the most sense to get everyone to comfortable with just one pair, you know, using JotSych. And then once everyone sees, oh, this works, things get paid. It's actually very easy. Then we can move over all of the rest of the pairs. You know, it's up to you if you want to do it. Two or three at a time or just do it once.
JORGE VALCOURT: This is going too slow, Jackson. That's fine. Let's get the therapist comfortable. With the notes. And let's add psychology. I mean, my, my plan is to be fully. Functional with JotSite by next month. Okay, that was my plan. I'm going to get the notes over to you today. I'm going to ask someone at Valcor to send you the notes so you can have the other templates. To work with. The sample that lights your peak Jackson. So you can do both. Systems. And yeah, let's see where we are by the end of the week. And if you feel you're ready. To start importing the Cigna claims for psychology. We do it, but we need to have the notes also ready.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Okay. Yeah. I mean, we're totally ready on our side as far as all of the billing works. It's just about if your providers are going to actually press the sign button.
JORGE VALCOURT: Okay. Okay. So that's the plan. Miss ending you the templates and we see where we are on Friday.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah, I can get most of that turned around tonight or tomorrow at the very latest.
JORGE VALCOURT: Okay, that's fine. So I will look into it. I had. Well, how do you want to do? You want to go through your document now and then we move on to the Portuguese or do you think the point is taken care of once we create a new template?
Jackson Bierfeldt: I think most of the punch lists will be taken care of there. The one thing that is worth discussing separately that isn't just solved by the customization is how your treatment plans work and what your, your needs are there. So right now you said that, you know, our system generates a new master treatment plan for every session. Is that something where it's just a section in one of the templates or are you having your providers generate a note and then like regenerate using the master treatment plan template?
JORGE VALCOURT: Let me make sure I understand the question right now talking to the therapists this morning, they're saying that every time they provide a service. The master treatment plan. Is created again. Based on what they talk about in that session. Yeah, right. That's how I understood it from them this morning. Okay. Okay. What they want to happen is if they create the master treatment planning session one. And the master treatment plan is good for six months, which is something else in the point in the punch list. If they want to use that same treatment plan for six months for every session in between day one and. Six months, they want to have that treatment plan. When it gets to the day 180. On that day, they want to create a new treatment plan review.
JORGE VALCOURT: So it will be based on the initial treatment plan, but it will be reviewed. So at that point, they want to create a new one.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Got it.
JORGE VALCOURT: Okay. I don't know if there has, there can be something or before the session starts. They click, okay, for this session, I want to create the typical psychotherapy node. And a master treatment plan. Review. Okay. So one day started with. Based on that review. It.
JORGE VALCOURT: Okay, both banks in that session.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yes. Okay. So that's how they want it to be. Okay, great. That's definitely something we can do. It just will involve building a new feature. Which we can do. It's just not like I can have it done by tomorrow situation.
JORGE VALCOURT: Okay. And the things that the data you cannot have done by tomorrow is to create two documents. In the same session at the same time.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah. Yeah. They can do that. By having, you know, it'll create the first document and then they can ask it. Okay, now make the master treatment plan. Okay. That works already.
JORGE VALCOURT: Okay.
Jackson Bierfeldt: The other things that already work are the ICD 10 codes. You said you wanted more of those. If you just give us a list of which ones are missing, we can add that very easily. That takes no time at all. Adding a miscellaneous note to the record, we actually do have that feature already. I think that's just something maybe I could make a small video and you could send it to everyone so they know how that works and then removing an incorrect diagnosis that also exists already. I'm happy to send a screenshots to show people how that how that works.
JORGE VALCOURT: Okay. Let me take a few notes.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Jackson. And I'll send you this after the call as well.
JORGE VALCOURT: Okay, thank you. Okay. That's fine.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah. So the treatment plan work is the one thing that is going to be a little harder and I'm going to have to just go and look and give you an estimate on when we could have that by. I mean, it's not like a month kind of thing. It's like, you know, maybe by next week or the week after that something in April, we can definitely have that for you. The other items are all things that I think we could have by tomorrow if you get me the right information. And then I think the next step from there is to get all of that to your providers, ask them like, are we good here? And, you know, can we start signing the notes? And if they're okay to start signing the notes, then I think we start submitting Cigna claims. For your psychologists as well. And then move the Cigna ERA over to jot psych. And then from there, once that's proven out, we can move everything over.
JORGE VALCOURT: Okay, that's fine. That's, that sounds like a good point. Okay, that's fine. That's fine. On Saturday, I got. I received a message from psychiatry. From. One of the nurses. Finally. This is essentially remain. Concern. I am indica. And this guy is not incident. Let's say. A video. I'm going to send this over to you. I don't know if I haven't even looked at it yet. Okay. See, see, you can, if you can see it, I don't know if it's in English or Spanish. Accent. So you have to put your Mexican hat.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Let's see. Have the video. I don't think there's any audio.
JORGE VALCOURT: No.
Jackson Bierfeldt: But.
JORGE VALCOURT: Apparently it has to do with the way they copy and paste the note from Jotzeg into advanced. They have. To. Copy it in sections instead of as one whole. Node.
JORGE VALCOURT: Supposing that's how it was before. I am not quite sure how. They were doing it before.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah, I mean, we haven't changed anything around the copying in a while. Uh, there's a button where you can press copy all and it copies the entire note. And then you can also, if you want click one by one, it looks like in this video they're clicking one by one.
JORGE VALCOURT: Yeah, but I mean, they were to, if they were to copy the whole thing. You click the copy on job site, you grab the whole thing.
JORGE VALCOURT: How are they going to paste it into advanced if the node is divided into sections?
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah, most people that do the copy all, they would make a new template in the EHR that just has one section in it. I don't know. I, I haven't looked in your advanced MD at how you've been doing that. I don't know if you still have it broken into sections or if you've done the one section, but I just know most of our other clinics that want the like one click. They just make a new template in advance that just says note and then they paste the whole thing into that.
JORGE VALCOURT: Okay. One big block and that's it.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah, that's one option that you have. If you were planning on staying on advanced MD long term, we have a Chrome extension that like will make it so you can push one button and it goes into every individual section.
JORGE VALCOURT: But that is not the plan.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah, it's not the plan for you. So I think that doesn't make sense.
JORGE VALCOURT: Yeah. As long as the template has, as the node has the right sections. And all that data is there. I mean, we don't, I don't see the need for. Spending more time.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah, I highly recommend that for now you just make one section in advance and paste it in there because all the note sections will go over and it's in the legal record either way.
JORGE VALCOURT: Okay. How do we know all the sections are being filled out?
Jackson Bierfeldt: I don't know.
JORGE VALCOURT: Okay, if right now the advanced template has 10 sections, right? I think we touched on this a little bit in the punch list. How are you sure that you get information on each section? So if. The therapist didn't talk about. Medication.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Right?
JORGE VALCOURT: But yeah, but there is a section in the note that calls for medication information. What will happen?
Jackson Bierfeldt: It'll just write NA for that section, but it'll still be labeled medication history, but it'll just write NA if there was nothing, if there was nothing there. And then it's, it's very clear when the provider reviews the note in Jot psych if a section is NA, it's like gray color. So it like draws your eye to it so you know, oh, that section doesn't have anything. So that if that's a problem, you can, you know, write something or redo it. But yeah, we draw the eye to the to the blank sections.
JORGE VALCOURT: Okay. Okay. So that's, I think that was the issue on Saturday. I will talk to them. Tomorrow morning if I get them today. I will touch them today. Okay. But that's, that's pretty much it. So actually, Naidiva, are you going to send me a list of what comes up in this meeting as action items?
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yep, I'll do that five minutes from the time we hang up.
JORGE VALCOURT: Okay. Okay. Anything I'm missing, Jackson, that we need to, to go over.
Jackson Bierfeldt: No, I think this is most of it. The most important thing it sounds like is just getting me examples of what they want these notes to look like. And then I can make sure that we're mimicking those.
JORGE VALCOURT: Okay. Okay, that is fine. I don't think I'm trying to think about anything else I needed to. I know you guys are working on the reports. Right? The number that patients are number, you said last week that I was, it was already.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Taken care of. Yes. I think. The big question from me is just to confirm. So is it also the case in your psychology department? That you do not have the therapist create the claim? Like they don't pick the billing code. All they do is sign the note and then your biller picks the code and the diagnoses.
JORGE VALCOURT: The diagnosis. No. The diagnosis they as therapists, this will be the ones assigning the diagnosis. Okay. Yeah, yeah, yeah. That party asked, oh, something else. We spoke a few weeks back about not giving the authority to therapists. Of creating charts.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Of creating patients, new patients. New patients.
JORGE VALCOURT: How is that going? Is that doable?
Jackson Bierfeldt: It is doable. We just really are trying to resist that because it creates a pattern across the software that's different from every other organization. And I'm still, I guess I'm still trying to understand why. If they start typing the name and it shows, you know, here's the one that already exists. Is that not sufficient for them or are you still worried that they're like going to ignore that and create a new one out of spite or something? You know, this like they're trying to rebel and you're like holding them back or is it you're worried that they're going to accidentally click on the wrong thing?
JORGE VALCOURT: Well. I don't know for sure. I mean, I just in the past, I've had to review. I think so many times of careless mistakes.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Is this in jot psych or you're saying in collab MD and advanced MD in every system, it's been this problem?
JORGE VALCOURT: The thing is that they don't have, they, they don't have the tools or they don't have the access. To create new patients anywhere. Okay. Okay. So right now by giving the access to create patients, I have some old ladies in the office that. Can get creative and okay, I don't, I don't see it by writing typing Jorge with P. Okay, let me create Jorge with how I think should be written.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah, I see.
JORGE VALCOURT: You know, and then I end up with extra work. Yeah, I, if I know that you are trying to run. A business, I know that you have to think about all the clients too. I understand all that Jackson.
Jackson Bierfeldt: No, yeah. I mean, but if it, if it comes up for you, that means it will come up for someone else. You know, you're like, it must be a common thing that happens. So we can, we can definitely look into that. Is it is it something where you said, oh, you know, one in three and five clinician are allowed and two and four and seven are not allowed? Or is it no one? No one. The front desk staff?
JORGE VALCOURT: Only front desk, only me, only people doing billing people providing psychology and psychiatry services. Shouldn't be playing with. Creating, creating patients.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Right. Okay. Because if they're seeing somebody, then they're on the schedule already. So somebody had to create the patient. Yeah.
JORGE VALCOURT: Correct.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Okay. Yeah. No, it makes a lot of sense. Yeah, I, I will look into the feasibility of doing it quickly. I just have to make sure that it's not going to break things.
JORGE VALCOURT: I know, I know that you are, you have to look at other things that I don't have. Visibility off. I, I get that. But I am just telling you that some people. Look for ways that I cannot even imagine. To create havoc. So I need to foresee that and look for ways to avoid it.
Jackson Bierfeldt: No, it makes sense. I'm going to look into that right after this and see how feasible it would be to change those permissions. Honestly, it might be the kind of thing where I look into it and it's actually very easy to implement. So I might be, I might be making a lot out of nothing. I just do need to look into it a little bit more.
JORGE VALCOURT: I understand how they're satisfying. Okay, man. So I sent a message last week to all people in the office. Linda know that we're moving forward. That we got a good result from that one plane that went out. Let's do whatever we need to do to break through. If you, if you need me to send, after I send you what you asked me for, you need me to send you something else. Or it doesn't work or I send you doesn't work. Let me know and I get on it again.
JORGE VALCOURT: So you get what we need.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah, that sounds great. But just so I know you'll, you're going to aim to have me those examples by tonight.
JORGE VALCOURT: Yeah. As soon as I finish, I will. Okay, great. I will look for someone in the office. I think she is. Let me see if she's online right now. But yeah, I have banesa and I have. Chris is the one I need to get. So that's fine. I can get it to you today. I will, if they don't respond, I get it myself and I send it to you.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Okay, that sounds great. Then yeah, I will be able to turn that around pretty quickly. I'll send you everything. Thank you Jorge. It was a good frog. I liked eating it with you.
JORGE VALCOURT: Thank you. Thank you for your time, Jackson.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Take care now.