Anette Saenz: For one of my organizations for Latin American students. I am the logistics chair. And, I mean, I have to track attendance. And I knew that it was. Attendance had been low for a lot of the meetings previously. And so I wanted it to be, you know, incorporate more people and make it more of, like, a fun thing. And so I was like, how can I kind of, like, do this in a way that's, like, fun, but also, you know, kind of, like, rewarding for people? And so I came up with, like, a tracking system for attendance. And, yeah, I was just curious to see if people would be more interested in going into meetings and like. Yeah, having that change of, like, perspective of, like, oh, maybe there's a reward to, you know, like, actually being in the attendance and, like, actually being a part of the club more. And I definitely feel like a lot of what I wasn't expecting is that, like, a lot of connections were made. It wasn't just like, oh, I'm clicking here for attendance. Like, it definitely was a. People have been more involved and, like, I feel like everybody in the. In the team and, like, in the club itself has definitely, like, board members and, like, just regular members have been able to, like, have, like, more real connections. And so I feel like even though that was maybe like, the start of it, like the reward aspect, I definitely feel like people, yeah, just incorporated themselves more and, like, started having, like, real relationships with one another. And so, obviously for, like, a Latin American organization, I feel like that's great. And. And, yeah, something that I'm, like, very. I'm glad and I'm excited that it continues growing.
Becca Bressler: Can you talk more specifically about the thing that you made?
Anette Saenz: Yeah, so I would say it's definitely a work in progress. Like, it's. It's my first year being a logistics chair and I would like this to be something that's incorporated, like, you know, in the years to come. But it definitely. It was just kind of like a. It's kind of like a website for tracking attendance. And it's purely python. It's very simple. I just use basically structuring name, year, email and the event. And so then it's basically every new entry is a new event. And yeah, every event that we have because we have different. We have regular meetings every week, we have special events, and so all of those kind of count as different points. And so, yeah, basically it's like a new entry in order for people to, like, kind of track their point system and, like, whoever has, like, the most points at the end is getting a reward, like, at the end of the year. And so even though there wasn't like a real, like, it really wasn't necessary, like, it was just me tracking attendance, I kind of felt that, like, you know, there, if there's any way that I can help in my role and, like, you know, make it more fun and entertaining for people, then, like, I might as well try to, like, incorporate something that will hopefully, like, as I work on it, more, like, help in the years to come as well.
Becca Bressler: So talk to me a bit about it, though, from the user's perspective or the people's. It's a website that they go to and they just write their name, their email, the event they're attending, and click Enter, basically. Is that the. The. Yeah. What. What is it?
Becca Bressler: What does it look like from the like, attendees perspective?
Anette Saenz: Yeah, like, it's pretty much like. Well, the new entry is like the. Like we have specific events, so they would click the event and then like, like the name of the event and then it would. Yeah, basically like just your name, your email, like that. And so, I mean, it's structured in a way that like, it's obviously like, repetitive and like looking for duplicates and stuff. And so it literally is just like a. Like, this is the event that we have. And so then you click that and it's like the name of like. Or like you write in your name and stuff.
Becca Bressler: Got it. What do you mean by tracking? Are you like, tracking. So it seems like individual attendance? So you're looking at individual attendance over time and also just like general attendance for different events, I guess. What is.
Becca Bressler: Did you build something for yourself, like a dashboard or do you see a graph? Like, what does it look like on your end when you're tracking it?
Anette Saenz: Yeah, it's more of like a. Like a dashboard. Well, the reason why I'm tracking attendance is because the organization itself, the finance that they get, or like the. The yearly, like, money that they get is based off of attendance itself. And so, yeah, basically, like, obviously the more attendance that you have, the more that they like, see that the organization needs money. And so, yeah, it's basically just like a dashboard that will tell me, like, the names of the people and like the. Basically like a account of like total attendees per event that we are having. And we have weekly events. And so, yeah, just kind of like added up together.
Becca Bressler: Got it. And then you have it per person because you're tracking who comes to the most events. Is that part of it too?
Anette Saenz: Yes. Yeah. If it was just like a total count, obviously, like you could just count people. But again, I wanted to, like, kind of have it so that like, the attendees are also like, involved in this. And so, yeah, it's more so like my specific event so that I can like, it was like a reward system. At the end of the year.
Becca Bressler: Do the individuals. I think you mentioned something in the script about like, duplication. Did you. Did you. Did I mishear you or is that. Can you talk to me a bit about that? Like, what. What. Did you. Were there any challenges you encountered when trying to like, build this system or.
Anette Saenz: I mean, yeah, for sure. Again, it's like very like, simple right now and obviously, like, I think it comes with its challenges now especially because, like, yeah, like the cleaning aspect of like, obviously people typing in their name correctly and like, putting, like, just first name, just last name, no spaces, stuff like that definitely was something that I like, you know, I. I had to take into account in order to see, like, if, like, the names would be tracked. And so, yeah, that's why I have, like, the first name specifically, last name specifically, so that, like, yeah, hope, like, it kind of, like the system kind of tracks it so that the duplications are like, you know, it matches up well.
Becca Bressler: Like, you don't actually. Deal with that.
Anette Saenz: Yeah.
Becca Bressler: What are your. You've mentioned a couple times now, like, oh, it's really simple. Can you talk to me a bit more specifically about like, if you have plans to make it more complicated or build it out, like what you're hoping to do with it?
Anette Saenz: Yes, for sure. I mean, again, I have like the rest of the year basically and like, I definitely think just because of my schedule, like I haven't been able to like put in my full into it. But yeah, I definitely want to like either rebuild it or like, yeah, just like incorporate something else into it so that it's like, yeah, just more useful for people to come in so that hopefully at some point it would be like an app so that it is useful for like a yearly basis and like, I don't have to be the one, you know, looking at it.
Becca Bressler: Got it. Are you hoping to like collect more information or what you're hoping it's just like a better experience for the individuals, Like a cleaner experience. That kind of the goal?
Anette Saenz: Well, yes, for sure. I mean, I go to attendance or I go to the meetings every week and so I kind of get to see how people are tracking the attendance as well. And so, I mean, so far I feel like it's worked fine, but I definitely feel like I can like ask more specifically, like, hey, do you guys have like any problems with it? Even like the presidents of the club, like, I definitely like ask them like if there's, if there's anything that like they feel that could be improved and stuff. And so I definitely think I just have to like, talk to more people, kind of see more of that, like one on one.
Becca Bressler: Yeah, got it. Cool. Are there anything else that you're working on or you have worked on dealing with data or like, you know, I think one of the things about what we do and what we're looking for is just like curiosity. Right. So like someone who is asking interesting questions and is asking the right questions when it comes to our product and like trying to see where there's room for improvement. And so I'm just curious how that translates to like work that you've done or questions you've asked that you've tried to use data to get to the bottom of. Anything else come to mind for you than what we just talked about?
Anette Saenz: I would say. Well, for data itself, like, I. For my like, experience in my. And I'm a data science major and so obviously like data cleaning has been something that like.
Becca Bressler: Got it.
Anette Saenz: I'm very like. Yeah. Familiar with in terms of like, working on, like, a product or something. For one of my previous internships two years ago, I actually did help for the website itself. It was called For Goengage. They basically had, like, a chat box. And so it was me helping out with the QA testing. And so that was a really interesting aspect because obviously, like, while I was helping out with, like, the chat bots itself, like, it's interesting to see what you think will be helpful for other people versus, like, actually meeting one on one. And it basically was, yeah, people going through the website, kind of using it, seeing how difficult or how easy it was for. Them and then like telling them, oh, did you, did you see the chat box? Did you feel like it was helpful, stuff like that? I thought that that was like, really, really interesting to see, like both perspectives of like, what you think is helpful versus, like. Yeah, what people. Yeah.
Becca Bressler: What specifically was like, surprising to you? What did you hear that you weren't expecting to hear?
Anette Saenz: I would say something that was surprising. Is that like, I mean, I guess obviously it's easier to like locate it once you're working on it so long. And like, to me it was like a very obvious like where it was on the website, like where it was shown. But to some people it just like it was not something that they were like even thinking about. It wasn't something that they looked at. And so like, I feel like location of like where the chat box is, not just having it like on the bottom. Right. Stuff like that I thought was very interesting and something that like, I hadn't even thought about before, like meeting with these people and like seeing their reactions and stuff.
Becca Bressler: Yeah, that's something we definitely deal with a lot. Where I travel a lot and sit with clinicians in their offices and I interview people all the time and I'm shocked by what people miss. Right.
Becca Bressler: Like, to me it seems like so obvious, but our users, clinicians are just like, so overwhelmed by the amount of stuff that they have going on that like, they're not. There's just like so much overload of information that they're not really tracking new things. So that's definitely an interesting problem that we deal with as well. Awesome. We only have a couple of minutes left. Anything else, Annette, that you like, want me to know or keep in mind about. About you and your interest in this role in particular?
Anette Saenz: Yeah, I would say again, my most of my, like, my background is definitely Python, but again, just because of like what I've been like using for my classes and stuff, I definitely have been able to like look more into like sequel and just other languages.
Anette Saenz: And so I'm really interested in just like learning and like having new experiences. But I guess another, I had a question for you, if you don't mind, like.
Becca Bressler: Yeah, yeah.
Anette Saenz: What would a typical like day look like, like on like a regular workday and like on a summer, like internship kind of thing?
Becca Bressler: That's a great question. Do you mean like, the difference between like my work day versus like a summer internship workday or. Or you mean during school versus like in the summer?
Anette Saenz: Yes, yes, yes.
Becca Bressler: That's a really good question. And I don't have an answer for you. This is actually, I think we're only newly starting to do programs like this, so I actually think we're still trying to figure it out for ourselves. I think it's like amount of hours you have to devote to it. So I don't know that the nature of the projects would look that different. It's maybe just that the expectations of like turnaround time would be different, if that makes sense. So right now, like if we have a data project that we're working with someone on who where this is like not their full time job, maybe there's like a week that we're giving someone. I can imagine if we have more time with someone, maybe we would ask for. For it to be in like two days, three days, etc. So I think that's probably what I would say. Does that, does that make sense?
Anette Saenz: Yes. Yes.
Becca Bressler: Cool.
Becca Bressler: Anything else you want to ask before I have a couple more minutes?
Anette Saenz: So, I mean, yeah, I guess. What, like, what are you in terms of like an intern? Like, what are you looking for?
Becca Bressler: Yeah, I think that curiosity and attention to detail are like really important. You know, we want to provide an opportunity for someone to like learn and we know that people coming in are not going to have like a bunch of work experience, et cetera. But I think that with the data projects that we're doing in particular, we are just looking for people that are going to be asking interesting questions to try and surface answer to try and surface information we're not thinking about. Right. So like we're growing and we're trying to grow quickly and we have a lot of different features and you know, some people use some features, some people use other features. We have just like a lot of information that we're not looking at because we don't have like the time or the people to help look at it. So I think just being able to like cut through the noise of. Okay, we're capturing clicks on like all, all of these different things. But like, what is the question I'm asking about the user that if, if the answer to that question will unlock potentially like new strategy or new priorities. Right. Like, hey, we're not even looking at this part of the software, but it turns out like this is the big drop off point. So like we should redirect, you know, and obvious and so. But I think as far as like expectations for like the internship, it's just curiosity. Like we want people who are asking interesting questions and yeah. Can help us get to the bottom of some of them.
Anette Saenz: Awesome. Yeah, sounds good. Yeah, I think that's all the questions on my end.
Becca Bressler: Cool, Great. So, yeah, I'm having like a bunch of these calls, but we'll be in touch about any next steps, like as soon as we can.
Anette Saenz: Okay. Yeah, sounds good. Awesome.
Becca Bressler: Nice meeting you.
Anette Saenz: Nice meeting you. Have a good day.
Becca Bressler: You too. Bite.