Christopher Hume: Okay, well, wonderful. Would love to kind of. I know you're having some issues with recording the other day, and if there's anything else I can help with, let's just. We can jump right in. Amy.
Amy Pacheco: So that worked out okay, I think, because I've been able to record today. Wonderful. Sorry, I just. My session ran long and.
Christopher Hume: No, no worry.
Amy Pacheco: Try to recover. I'm trying to remember what I had questions about. It is recording today and that was a concern. Okay. It wasn't the other day. Sorry, I'm trying to remember why I reached out.
Christopher Hume: No, no, let me check my email. Amy.
Amy Pacheco: And let's see, I'll look at mine too.
Christopher Hume: Yeah. Oh, I think you were looking to on how to create a new client.
Amy Pacheco: I think that got figured out.
Christopher Hume: Oh, perfect. Oh, my gosh.
Amy Pacheco: Click on a new client.
Christopher Hume: Do we have the clients ready? We determined what was going on with the recording or the recordings working now. Is everything working with the copy and pasting?
Amy Pacheco: I believe so. I just don't remember where to put it in my client's chart.
Amy Pacheco: Okay, but hang on.
Christopher Hume: Free that.
Amy Pacheco: So I was able. What am I doing? So I was able to generate notes today so far.
Christopher Hume: Okay, perfect.
Amy Pacheco: And I know how to copy the sections. I forget how to put them in. Athena.
Christopher Hume: So that's a think question.
Amy Pacheco: Yep, yep. I don't know, I don't remember. What I was struggling with was.
Christopher Hume: It was the. Go ahead, Amy.
Amy Pacheco: I think it was creating the notes. Okay.
Christopher Hume: And so then, Amy, I think if it seems like everything's working, just what I would love to show. Have you been able to edit or train jot psych at all?
Amy Pacheco: No. And that's what Alexis Saint wanted me to ask you about was sending me tutorials and trainings so I can learn job site better.
Christopher Hume: Yes, absolutely. Let me send you. So I'll send you our list of tutorials and then I think something that would probably be useful today is if you just want to share your screen. Amy, at the very least I can show you how to do the job site training of your template. Just so if you need to make any tweaks, you can do those.
Amy Pacheco: Crap. I'm so confused. I'll share my screen.
Christopher Hume: Hang on.
Amy Pacheco: There's just so much to learn.
Christopher Hume: Yeah. Especially when there's two systems certainly understand that.
Amy Pacheco: Look at my sharing Jot psych. Where's jot psych? There it is.
Christopher Hume: Okay, so if you want to go just to a note.
Amy Pacheco: Oh, one of these.
Christopher Hume: Yep. Any of your notes? Yep.
Amy Pacheco: I don't think I've signed any of them.
Christopher Hume: That's okay.
Amy Pacheco: Oh, I also need to. Make recordings for the sessions I had before I had job site.
Christopher Hume: Okay. So we can walk through how to do that.
Christopher Hume: But first let's just click. Click on a note. Amy. Perfect. And then on the right hand side you'll see this A.I.
Amy Pacheco: no assistant.
Christopher Hume: Yep. And so you can just say whatever you would like changed in that box there. You can say adjust the data section, make the data section, narrative paragraph, make the whole note shorter. And then JACEC will ask if that's how you always want your notes to look. And you can say yes or no. And so it's very easy to make tweaks and I just wanted you to make sure that you knew that that was available to you.
Amy Pacheco: So if I wanted to make it. It's not.
Christopher Hume: What?
Amy Pacheco: Hang on.
Christopher Hume: Click down in the little describe like this note change. Yeah, exactly.
Christopher Hume: I don't even know.
Amy Pacheco: They're so long.
Christopher Hume: Yeah. Then you can say, could you make this note shorter? Hold on.
Amy Pacheco: Typos all over the place.
Christopher Hume: That's okay. Yeah, I'll figure it out.
Amy Pacheco: I don't know all of them.
Christopher Hume: I would say select all. Yep. Then next. I would say remove content. Continue.
Amy Pacheco: Oh.
Christopher Hume: Oh, that's a little too short.
Amy Pacheco: I just lost everything.
Christopher Hume: Yep. So we would say if you go back to the chat bot, you'd say undo that change. Okay. But typically, I guess it removes too much content. But you should be able to use that bar, that box on the right hand side, Amy, to set your templates and say, hey, I want my dap to include this, this, and this. And it will make adjustments.
Amy Pacheco: I don't even know. This is also new and so different.
Christopher Hume: Well, Amy, if you're ever something that some users find helpful is that on the top left you'll see a transcript button. So if you click on that, you'll be able to review the transcript as well, which is sometimes helpful. If you're like, oh, my gosh, what was going on during that session? Or why did the note end up like this? You have access to the transcript as well.
Amy Pacheco: Okay.
Christopher Hume: And then so that was reviewing how to edit. The other thing, Amy was kind of recording past sessions. Would you like to walk through that together as well?
Amy Pacheco: Sure.
Christopher Hume: So if you go to record in the top middle of your screen, So then you do the usual thing. You'd select a client, you'd select what template you would like the note template format, you'd like the note to be in. That's okay. We can always add the. You can always add the name afterward. But what you would do, Amy, is you would just start recording. So you press the start recording button. You'd explain what happened in the session.
Christopher Hume: Again, just stream of consciousness, no need to like, say like data and then list out your bullet points. Nothing like that. But you would just start recording. You'd explain what happened. Hey, I just met with Susie Lu. She was suffering anxiety due to a recent change at work. And then it would. You stop recording and generate note just like you do in your sessions. And it could turn or transcript or your. Excuse me, your dictation of the situation into a note for you.
Christopher Hume: Okay, so while we're on the line here, Amy, let me send you JAVSEC training. So I'm going to send you a repository to all of our notes or, excuse me, all of our trainings. I laugh. I. I could never be a provider because I cannot speak and type at the same same time.
Christopher Hume: I doesn't allow it. As we discussed, here is the link to our training portal. So I'll send this momentarily to make sure you access. And then the, the other way to access it, Amy, is do you see that button on the right hand side of your screen that says Learn Job Psych top next to the help button?
Amy Pacheco: Yes.
Christopher Hume: Yep. So if you click, click that. It'll take you to the learning library as well.
Amy Pacheco: I think I reviewed all these.
Christopher Hume: Okay.
Amy Pacheco: At least once.
Christopher Hume: Well, that's wonderful because it seemed like most of the issues you had, you've gotten resolved. So hopefully they were doing their job. But then if anything else comes up, we're always here too to kind of provide one on one support.
Amy Pacheco: Okay, perfect.
Christopher Hume: Was there anything else you kind of want to walk through, Amy, or that I can help you with or that you kind of thought of as you're going through this?
Amy Pacheco: I don't think so.
Christopher Hume: I'm.
Amy Pacheco: Like I said, this is just all a lot.
Christopher Hume: Certainly understand, especially in addition to the software tools, I'm sure there's a bunch of work things you're figuring out now as well. So we're here to help you kind of through the process. You have my email and my calendar. So if you know tomorrow you're like, what the heck was Chris talking about? Or. Something like that, just let me know. We can jump back on the line.
Amy Pacheco: Okay.
Christopher Hume: Awesome. Thank you, Amy. I hope you have a wonderful end to your week.
Amy Pacheco: Thank you. You too.
Christopher Hume: Thanks. Bye. Bye.
Amy Pacheco: Bye.