Jack Waugh: About you.
Christopher Hume: Guys. Look at your calendar. Busy, busy review.
Jack Waugh: Yeah. Oh, yeah. It's packed.
Christopher Hume: That's good. That is, like, exactly kind of the signal we wanted to get, and then we'll see how they turn out. So, Jack, how? I know we spoke kind of. We'll keep this quick, but, like, our things yesterday, I know we're coming up on the end of the day today. How did things go? And any thoughts on the forms, I'm putting people in these flows, feedback for me, anything like that.
Jack Waugh: Yeah, I mean, on the good news side, like, I would say on the second call through, I did get more people who answered and accepted via calls for whatever reason. Second time through a few more pickups. So that's good to know that the numbers are, are working. The thing I'm. Well, running into two main issues. Number one is the fact that people going into the meeting don't have a trial. So it's like they're most of the meeting is us, like, setting up. The actual trial. So it ends up being more like customer support. And then if they show up for the second meeting. There might have been a couple people that I still was able to get to enter their credit card with that, but it obviously just takes up more time. That way. So that's the main challenge with that. And then really, the only other thing is I haven't really seen this leading to any bigger fish. Relative to, like, the empez lists for the job bill script.
Christopher Hume: Yeah, it sucks. But that kind of, let's just see we've got cooking this week. I think you have. One group this week. Is that right? From this?
Jack Waugh: Yes. So there was a group. I think it's Shaquille.
Christopher Hume: Yeah, Shaquille. Shaquille.
Jack Waugh: Yep, yep, yep. Now, I don't know how far along her actual clinic is. I was trying to get a sense. It seems like they're starting things, but I couldn't really get a concrete timeline for her. So I figured I would just, you know, go ahead and put her on the calendar regardless.
Christopher Hume: But you've got Shaquille this week. Then we have Dr.
Jack Waugh: Ali next week, I think. Is that right?
Christopher Hume: Yeah. Friday. Well, that. Well, that's good Intel. Just so you know what I've spent. I'm, like, taking your feedback to heart. So the end has database, and then I've spent all day today. This is slack shortly. Ripping data, people who are on psychology today. So that's.
Jack Waugh: Like.
Christopher Hume: Ripping their data and then. That's a lot of solo providers and then enriching it. So we for like 50 bucks, you're able to get contact info for. XC providers. And we can just do that like nausea. Basically. So we're going to run this experiment down and we'll wrap it up at the end of this week. Fingers crossed, Jack, something clicks tomorrow and like all of a sudden it goes crazy. But if not, we'll either put you on upselling all people internally. Or on one of these like MPEZ. Or other new leads, new lead forms. Just to be like super frank and talk a little bit. I do want to make sure. We are giving you like leaves that we think are going to convert. So I know like the percentage wise it's a little less on the inside sales. But I think I just want to make sure that, you know, if we're trying out a new lead list, it's not always you. So that's why if we wish you the inside stuff, that's why it is. I just want to make sure you're getting some fish that you're shooting in a barrel. As opposed to always fighting the good fight. Appreciate it. Yeah. No, I mean, of course. Okay, feedback bird. I will, yeah, we'll just let it ride and let me know if you're anything. At a time. I'm going to go grab an eight and see kind of what's going on with the February check.
Jack Waugh: Okay. Yeah, I appreciate that. My only other question was, do you still want me to sit in on a couple of the jot bills meetings?
Christopher Hume: Could you, I think we won tomorrow.
Jack Waugh: Tomorrow I might this week's a little weird just because my schedule. But if you had anything next week, I.
Christopher Hume: Yeah, yeah, let's. Well, Shaquille was going to be job bill. So let's, are you free for that one, that Monday call?
Jack Waugh: Yeah. Yeah, that'll work. Okay.
Christopher Hume: Okay. And then if any others come up, I'll try and get you in another one, too.
Jack Waugh: Okay. Cool. That sounds good.
Christopher Hume: Perfect. Well, there's the update, Jack. All heard. We'll make a final decision on next steps Friday, Monday.
Jack Waugh: Sure. Sounds good.
Christopher Hume: Cool. Talk to you later.
Jack Waugh: Thanks.