Adam Harrison: Hi, Amanda.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Hey.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. I had a doctor's appointment at Telehealth, and it went over. And I did not think. I did not mean to do that.
Adam Harrison: No worries at all. We also left you off the invite by accident. So that is our fault. So I think equal, you know, response, you know, that's okay.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: It's okay. I know it is. No, I. I don't sleep. So. So, like, since COVID I have long coveted. And literally, I am like. So I have my own psych mp. And we. She went back two years. She's like, do you. She said, we have tried, like, literally, we have tried every possible sleep medicine that there is. And so she had talked to. Actually, we have the same psychiatrist that we work with. And she's like. She says that she uses this. She said, do you want to try it? She's only prescribed it one other time. I said, you know what? You know, whatever will knock me out. I mean, I was at 48 hours 1. A couple of days last week. I said, I can't do that. Oh, my gosh, my brain's gonna quit working. And I gotta have my brain. So I do apologize because she was going through all my medical records. Trying to make sure what I tried and what I hadn't tried and make sure it was documented because you know. And you know how insurance is. Insurance is evil. And if you don't have it wrote down, you didn't do it, and you. They're not gonna pay.
Adam Harrison: So anyway, that is unfortunately the case.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Yeah, it is. I don't care what paid cash for it anyways. If I. It can knock me out, I'm all for it. So anyways. Well, I sent so evidently. And I'll resend it. My CIGNA contract. I sent Nate a message last night. With. But I forgot to add the attachment for Sigma.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, no worries at all. I see a couple. Nate has sent me a few emails. It looks like. Yeah, we'll. We kind of get into it in the.
Adam Harrison: You know, as we get into the.
Adam Harrison: But thanks for, you know, kind of sending those proactively.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: No, we. We sent that and I've got my girls. So I told him and he may or may not told you. My plan is if this all goes right. So listen, Jot Sock has not disappointed me any. In any place. Okay. And I've been. I have been with you guys for I don't know how long, two years, however long. It's been a long time. And I told him, I said, oh, it's the. So there's no perfect software. And I realized that and I'm like, this is just the one place. I cannot afford for it to go wrong. So I'm like, this one just. This freaks me out. So just so you know, it just freaks me out. But my plan is if it works the way that I'm hoping it works is I have like extreme stressors anyways. Just owning a business, it's just part of it. I'm not complaining, but if I can get this off my plate, totally. I want this off my plate. I mean, I. Obviously I have to monitor those things and keep an eye on certain pieces of it, but I have been doing my own billing forever. And when it was just me, that clinic was not supposed to get this big. This was not the plan. And anyways, that was fine. But now I have. I had five providers, but I just had one let go because she wasn't doing her follow ups. And anyways, it was just a mess. But. So we're down to four providers, but I have another offer open right now for another provider to come on board. So. But this was never the plan. So I'm billing way more than what I normally would have just been billing just for me, me. And I just really would just like it that to be off my plate because I also when Nate run nervous, he's like, you see more than anybody else. And yeah, I do. I see three times the patients that my staff does. But it's my circus and my. My monkeys and I have to keep it all running. So my revenue it. So that's the other scary part is my revenue. So the way my clinic is set up and this is just for my peace of mind is all of my staff. My revenue alone will pay all my staff. And so I don't have to depend on. If a nurse practitioner quits or somebody quits, I don't have to freak out. Like, oh my gosh, am I going to have the revenue to pay my staff and pay my bills? So right now, the way everything is set up is I can alone pay my bills. So my mine is the primary everything. So whatever freaks me out. So if I get a little nervous or ask a lot of questions, I'm not being mean. It's just like, I've had bad experiences with rcm. We had one that literally a couple years ago dropped us, gave us no notice, had all of my billing information in their software. And they didn't just drop us, they dropped the whole freaking state of Arkansas. And. And I didn't even realize it yet because I had not checked my email. And a doctor friend emailed me and he's like, oh my God, did you get an email from so and so? And I'm like, what? No, I hadn't. I'm not sure. Surely inspire us all. I'm like, what'd you do? What'd you do to make them mad? And he's like, I didn't do anything. And I looked at my email. I'm like, I'll be dang. They did. So then we had to like scramble to get our billing and stuff together. And this was our second rcm. The first one just wasn't collecting anything. Like they would do the easy collections, but they wouldn't do the denials they were supposed to do. And then the second one didn't want to deal with Arkansas because Arkansas's pain in the butt. Missouri's worst, by the way, and does have a clinic in both states. And then like I said that they just decided they weren't going to do it. So I hired an in house biller and I've just been doing that forever and so. But I really, really, really, really like my biller right now part time. I need this to work and if I can help it work right, then let's do it. I don't get frustrated easy with software, so little bumps. I may send you a message and say, hey, this is not working right or I'm getting an alert or something. But I'm not gonna like you're not doing this right. I'm not gonna get all over you. I just. Whatever we gotta do to make it work right. This is just my nervous spot. This is my nervous. It's gonna be everybody's nervous spot that owns a clinic. So just get totally.
Adam Harrison: We know, we know. It's certainly understandable.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: So I do, I do want to give it all to you. I just want to get it all day. So let's just do it. Let's just jump in the fire and let's just do it. And whatever you need for me, whatever, we'll do it.
Adam Harrison: All right, let's do it then. So I have kind of a checklist here to get us started. So I'll go ahead and pull that up. I also have a little bit of context from Nate, but I do want to just make sure we confirm everything here, you know, because
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: probably said you got the craziest nurse practitioner that we got on our board. That's probably what he told you. That's okay.
Adam Harrison: No, no, not at all. Not at all.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: I identify with that. That's okay.
Adam Harrison: No, you are totally fine. That is not what he shared at all. But. But yeah, I. I'll. Let me pull this up quickly, so, because
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: I've got a lot of, like, which I, I play with it all the time. And I'm off for a week, so I'm going to be playing more with it. I'm. I'm going to be doing a little bit of catch up on some charts. And there's one part that dots cannot do for me, or I have not found a way to get. Get it to do for me and I have to do it manually is my SPADO documentation. So anyways, I'm catching up on all that. But I've been. I've been playing with it a lot. I've been playing more with the calendar and some other things, so.
Adam Harrison: Okay, well, great. Well, yeah, we'll get into all those details in due time for sure. So let me start by just giving you a lay of the land of kind of the where we'll go through. Can you see my screen? Okay. Is this too small?
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: I can see it, I can see it. I'm on my laptop, but I got. I got my extra eyeballs. One. I can see.
Adam Harrison: Awesome, awesome. So I think this is kind of the rough. We'll kind of go through this in rough sequential order.
Adam Harrison: We may go, you know, out of order in a few cases. But I think Nate has already done a lot of these first here with you.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: So I told him my number providers is changing, so my number of providers is going to be different. He said you guys were already kind of aware of this. My number of active providers that are actually seeing patients is four. Okay. One part time LCSW and then three full time nurse practitioners. But nurse practitioners have to have collaborators and they're not billing anything, which is, I guess it's not relevant for you. They're going to have to have access to our system to do like chart review and occasionally send a prescription for nurse practitioners. They're not like going to be billing anything. They're not going to be. Because our collaborators are just. They're paid people to.
Adam Harrison: They don't do anything.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Okay. They just, they just don't. And it's just because they don't have to number of patients. He's got that billing set up and software. He knows I use waste.
Adam Harrison: Right.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: And you've got all of my CPT codes, surely.
Adam Harrison: Yep, we have that. But I guess one thing I wanted to clarify here is because I know we're just doing a few payers to start for you.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Right.
Adam Harrison: Do you also want to do. Are we doing all of your providers?
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: That was one of my questions because I didn't even ask him about that. I'm going to say to start out with let's do me so I can be, for lack of a better phrase, kind of like the super user. So that when my providers have a question. My providers are very comfortable with JOT soc because I immediately put them on as I came on board. I paid for them to have JOT psych because they did, but they've not seen all the beta stuff that I have on my screen. Now I have one provider, Kathy. I don't know if we can do put Kathy's on her. Kathy is very comfortable with software. She.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: I like to get very few questions from her and she's. I can tell her once. And she's. She's got it. Kathy would be willing to put her. Hers on there as well. She is like super proficient, so. But my other two providers. Oh, God, no, we will. No, I'll lose my mind before we get through with it. If we have to, that's fine. But if. Whatever, we're good.
Adam Harrison: Okay. So we can start with just you and Kathy for the billing.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Okay.
Adam Harrison: As well as those, I think, three payers that Nate mentioned. Yes, we have access to your account. I'm going to pull that up a little bit later just because I have a few questions.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Okay.
Adam Harrison: And I think Nate has already done this review.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: It sucks. Let me say, it does suck. But after we got off the phone. Well, first of all, I felt horrible when we got off the phone. I thought, man, I'm going to cry. This is really bad. But then it dawned on me. Part of that report that he pulled, as bad as it is, it included part of the government shutdown when we were. And that lag is probably not quite as bad as what it looks like because the government shut down when it was shut down. Most of our payers are government funded. Even though they're commercial. They're their managed care plans. And like, we didn't get paid, like, hardly anything during the government shutdown because there was nobody there to work to process the claims. And then like, we. We had a big jump in January when things finally kind of calmed down. And so it's kind of. Which it wouldn't matter. There would have been something going on at some point. But anyways, I think we're in a partial. Somebody I didn't even know. I don't even look at the news anymore. I'm just. They're just so stupid. They're not even worth me looking at sometimes. But evidently we're in a partial government shutdown right now, so our revenue's lagging even more now. So I'm. I guess this is going to be our new trend. Let's see if we can fix it. But yes, he did the analysis and I did want to. I was like, it's so bad.
Adam Harrison: Yeah. And there's. There's a. You know, I think you probably did on a relative basis, I know, you know, you said it wasn't the most. It was definitely. There were parts you were upset about. But on a relative basis, I think it seems like you're actually in a pretty good. Pretty good spot. With the exception of those few pairs.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: And we are so codes. We obviously use the same codes over and over again because we're specialty. I am family practice too, but I don't do any procedures, so I don't have like a bunch of extra codes or anything. So. And I double triple check all of our stuff before it goes. Our problem was one timely filing and that has been addressed. And I'm going to be the worst because I run the business and if I get the billing off of me, guess what? It won't be a problem. And once we get over to Jotsock, you guys have done a phenomenal job and I love that the billing codes are on. Same page where my note is at. And it's like. And I don't know if it's just my perception, but it just seems very easy. It's going to fix a lot of the timely filing because we're going to be able to review the note right there and the billing is there on the same page. Unless you guys plan on changing that.
Adam Harrison: That's how it'll go. Yeah.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: The only thing I couldn't figure out on there, and you probably have shown me this here in a minute, was I couldn't figure out how to put modifiers on there, but. Okay, good. But I think that's going to fix like all of our timely filing because really, what. The only thing that's kind of delaying us right now is not getting the note done because obviously, you know, the notes getting done as we go, it's. We have to copy and paste it into the other system and do our billing in the other system and then dislike. That's like one of those things like, okay, I'll do that here in a minute or I'll do that at the end of the day or I'll do that at the end of the week. And you know, totally.
Adam Harrison: It's time.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: It's just a time thing. So this is gonna, your system in general, moving completely over to you guys, which has always been my intention. It's going to fix that. That is. There's just no way. It's not. I mean, what else is there going to be to do other than to sign the freaking chart and then that. Go deal.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, and that's the idea is you sign the chart and then it's sort of, you know, you don't, you don't have to think about.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Right.
Adam Harrison: List the to dos, you know, to come back to at the end of the day.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: So I'm extremely excited about that part. So, yeah. And so, yeah, it's gonna be good. I think like I said, you guys are super smart. You need a gold medal for what you've done already, so.
Adam Harrison: Oh, well, you're too kind.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: But no, no, try our best. I've done this for 20 something years and you just don't know what the difference. Listen, sometimes it's the little things and you do not know the difference that you guys have made just for providers like me. And I have. Every provider that I am friends with in Northeast Arkansas has signed up for Dotsack. So listen, well, thank you. I don't do that. I don't do that for anybody else. That's how much difference that it has made for. For, for me because I was taking all this home.
Adam Harrison: Absolutely. Well, we love to hear that. So I'm so glad to hear it's been a game changer for you.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Oh, yeah, absolutely. So you'll always. I'm the arm's biggest cheerleader on that.
Adam Harrison: Yeah. Well, thanks.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Steady Clearinghouse, as I guess that's the name of the clearinghouse you guys use.
Adam Harrison: Yeah. So I'll just kind of if it's okay, I'll just take a minute and just voice over this without, you know, we'll kind of dive into some of these in detail in a sec. But basically there. Yeah, exactly. There's the clearinghouse set up. The payer documents, which you already started to share, will kind of. Keep going through that as well. This is all related to the clearinghouse setup.
Adam Harrison: You need to set up, you know, the. The billing identity based on, you know, how you're credentialed and all that fun stuff. This is. So this is sending claims, everything through here. These two things are for ERA and eft. So that's everything.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Every single thing. It's okay. Everything that I can set up on that eft, because some insurers just don't have that option. But it's. But everything that can be set up on EFT is set up on eft. The only one we're having a issue getting eft, and we've. We have sent it like three times. We just sent it again this week is Kansas City, Blue Cross, Blue Shield. But they are finally sending our ERA. So the ERAs are coming now. The EFT should be. God. I mean, I don't know how many times they got to process it, but I mean, I'm just like, hoping for a miracle in the next week or two to see that they're deposited and I don't have to cash a check. But.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, and it can be always there, as you know.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: So that's.
Adam Harrison: I'm glad there's only one left.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Yeah. So the other ones, like, they send us. They send us a. Most, I will say 99 of our. Said send us an ERA, but we have some that instead of doing the EFT, they send us this, like, looks like a credit card. It's a. Just on a piece of paper. And they have us run it on that credit. I don't know why. Why don't they just set up eft? I don't know why they don't. But. So we just have a few of these little small, random. They're like little small random insurance companies that do that.
Adam Harrison: Okay. Okay, got it. We will get into more of those details later.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Account. It's already connected to you guys.
Adam Harrison: Oh, you already got that. Have you done patient payments through Jotsy yet?
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Yes. I don't. I like it. Don't like it because it doesn't. Okay. I don't. I don't. I don't. I don't know if I'm not doing something right with it. It's going through when they do do it. I do like it. I love it. But I'm afraid to send it. Like, if I come in and they still have a balance and they still haven't paid for it, I'm afraid to send it again because it looks like it duplicates it. And I don't know how, like, to take out the old payment or, like, cancel or, like, say, so I don't know how it keeps up with. It's a duplicate request.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, it's a good question. Let me actually message our team about that, and we'll circle back.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: And then, like, my secretary, which I think they fixed it. I hadn't. I had not. I didn't even get to ask her. She was not able to get in and see the payments because when they would come through our Stripe account, it didn't have a patient name on it. And so what she her normal workflow is to go to Stripe and the people that pay through Stripe. So at the clinic, we've done everything we can to make it easy for a patient to pay. We have a little. Card with a QR code that they can scan that goes to our Stripe account and they can put in how much they're going to pay and they just put in their name and my. She goes through and she will look at the stripe account and she'll apply those payments and on their account. But she's got to have at least their name, date of birth or something to find them. And then she does like our. They can pay through our app that is through our ehr, which sucks. But so many. Most our people don't do that, but we have a few that do. She'll apply those and of course anything that comes through the mail. But we've made. We've done everything to make it easy. Strap has been. We've been using stripe for years, but it is connected. That's just the only thing that. And I think. And I did put in a request and they may have already fixed it and I just don't know. She has to be able to see who. Who to apply that to. But once we're over in your account anyways, it won't matter. It's. I'm assuming it'll automatically do. Exactly.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: That's a temporary problem.
Adam Harrison: Okay, that's good to know. It seems like you're already kind of headed. It seems like you already are in a strong starting place here. So that's.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Oh yeah, we're good with that.
Adam Harrison: Okay. So we'll also need to move all of the like patient data from.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: And I think somebody's evidently started already doing that because I've been seeing insurances pop up on some of my patients on job site.
Adam Harrison: Oh really? Let me check with the team. Maybe they already started that.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Yeah. Because yesterday when I was. I was just excited. I go to my RN is one of my. Well I have three main staff members and I'm like, oh cool. I said, hey. So my nurse stays logged in on my jot psych because she did on her login. She does not have access to the things she needs to do her job. So she stays logged in online. I'm like, oh my God, have you seen the new button? Or hey, have you seen that they have the insurance on there or whatever. So I have been seeing some of my insurances pop up. I cannot. And it may just be something that you're going to turn on. I had a patient that came in yesterday and they had uhc United Healthcare Insurance and they changed insurance so my people will change insurance like they changed their underwear. It drives me crazy. And so probably more than they changed their underwear. But I, there wasn't a way for me to. So, like the drop down, like to search for an insurance to add in her account. I couldn't, it wouldn't let me do it. So I typed it in all the other fields that it would let me do it. But I also don't know if you're just doing UHC commercial or if you're doing all UHC because like, Missouri Health Net has a. Missouri Health Net has a managed care program that's. Uhc and we have a lot of those and that's what that was. But we still bill it through uhc.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: And of course then you know, Medicare has a UHC too. But anyway, I just, I didn't know on that. So that was one thing I couldn't search. But it may be something that you guys just need to turn on or.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, we'll have to take a look at that for sure. We should be able to do everyone. So it might just be something we got to tweak on the side.
Adam Harrison: So we'll make sure to take a look at that. And then yeah, the last thing is we'll just sort of do a training with you on how to actually do the end to end workflow of like okay, you know, I have my note finalized, have all the modifiers I want, I have all the codes that I want. Now I'm going to just basically submit it to JOT Psych and they're going to handle, you know, all the billing and the rest.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: The only thing on the CPT code, I've been playing with that out of that. But what I've. And it may be something you guys are already doing or you're. And I'm not seeing it is that that CPT codes, when I click on that, that's. And you may or may not know on that does it. I want it to. Whatever they have, whatever existing diagnosis they already have, I'd like for those to be at the top and like we could add to it if we need to. But most of our people, their diagnosis doesn't change and it needs to kind of stay consistent.
Adam Harrison: So I don't know, you want the diagnosis codes to say that.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: So like in the drop down like when you do. So I think it's a drop down on the CPT code thing up there at the billing. And so it's like I have to. So what I'm having to do right now is I'm having to go back and look at their chart to see what I would. I build with a diagnosis code before and put it in there to make sure it's consistent. But if it automatically puts like the previously billed CP or you know, the ICD 10 codes is what I'm talking about, not the CPT codes. The CPT codes are going to stay the same too. But the biggest thing, and those are easy, I'm sorry, I misphrased that. But the diagnosis, the ICD10 codes, when I go to put those in, I want the same diagnosis to be consistent across the board. And why that's important is, and you may not realize yet is bravado. Spravato is very tricky, and you have to keep a certain diagnosis code for them to keep paying for sporvado. And also, what's the other, the other part? Oh, there's a really, like, quirky law in Arkansas for ADHD medication. Our ADHD code has to stay the same as what the document. The doctor diagnosed it with for nurse practitioners to keep prescribing their ADHD meds. So that's extremely important that I have that.
Adam Harrison: Got it, got it. Super helpful context. I will relay that back to our, to our team.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: And that's usually typically kind of what happens with most EHRs and billing anyways, is that they're already diagnosed stuff is at the top and you just click the ones you want and then you just go on.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, you don't have to redo it from scratch every time.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Right, right, that. And that's exactly what I don't want to do is go back to scratch on all these people that we're seeing and stuff. And it's probably something that they're already talking about. But just in case.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, no problem. I will definitely mention it. So let's, let's go ahead and start here. So the next step is going to be the clearinghouse setup. So I just put something in the chat. I don't know if you can see the chat. Send me an email.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: I don't see the chat. Oh, there it is.
Adam Harrison: And so yeah, you'll just need to go to this website, steady.com.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: nope, it didn't come across. It just says Jotsack.
Adam Harrison: Oh, you know what? It's not. It's because we have some security kind of.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: It's okay. You email it to me, I'll send it over email. So this is the clearinghouse is where. I wonder what all they're gonna want.
Adam Harrison: Yeah. So this is our. We have a. This is our clearinghouse partner. We use. This is like a one time setup. So you'll never need to like actually go look at Steady ever again. This is just to like. It'll all show up within the job site application. But this is just more of a one time setup. They need to have you in their system. And so does that kind of make sense?
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Yeah. Yeah.
Adam Harrison: Awesome. So if you get the link and then share your screen, I can kind of walk you through just the different steps here.
Amanda Smallmon: Yeah, I clicked the wrong tab, obviously I hit the wrong button. Let me get over here, see if it's in my email here. Lord help me. I got a big teasy. I don't even know what the big teasy is. Okay, I just took a minute. Let me find the share screen button here and go to stage.
Adam Harrison: All right, there we go. So go ahead and do sign up free. And then just the top one, the Healthcare Clearinghouse account.
Amanda Smallmon: I have never heard of steady. This is interesting.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, it's more of a like digital or like a developer friendly clearinghouse. So usually it'll be more like hidden from you and then it's integrates with companies like like job site.
Amanda Smallmon: Make sure I did that right. Sometimes I don't spell my kids name right.
Adam Harrison: And it's going to make you do a few steps here. Confirmation and security stuff.
Amanda Smallmon: So which one am I doing here?
Adam Harrison: So go ahead and do basic.
Amanda Smallmon: Okay.
Adam Harrison: And then you'll just have to check that box and then do your zip code.
Amanda Smallmon: So I do have a quick question and it probably won't relate to this. Our main office is in Pigot. This is our main office and I do have a satellite office. It's in Missouri. And I don't know if that's going to be like something we have to do different. But she's not Kathy right now. But I do and I'm. And so that one may. We may be making changes on that one anyways.
Adam Harrison: Okay. I think it should be okay.
Amanda Smallmon: It usually is as long as they know to. And this will probably be more on your side. Is that anything that that one provider bills has to go through Missouri like like all of her Blue Cross Blue Shield. I don't care what it is. It has to go through Blue Cross Blue Shield of Kansas City. I can't bill it through my Arkansas side. Most my other stuff, it doesn't matter. It all goes to the same place. But that is one very particular one, just FYI. And you guys probably have other clinics that are in multiple states.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, yeah we do.
Amanda Smallmon: I hate Missouri. I live in Missouri. I live on a state line. That's why. But my clinic's in Arkansas and you could not pay me enough. You took put another clinic in Missouri. It's very difficult to set up credentialing. It's very difficult to set up anything. Once it's set up. It's set up just like most things, but. Good God.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, It's. It's certainly not. They don't make it easy, do they?
Amanda Smallmon: No, no, no, no, no.
Adam Harrison: So this sometimes takes. Takes a minute. I sent. I have like a contact person at steady. So I sent them a message and they should be able to approve this on their side.
Amanda Smallmon: Okay.
Adam Harrison: So in the meantime, can we. Let's talk about the kind of payers that are going to be in scope for you.
Amanda Smallmon: Oh, God.
Adam Harrison: And let's go through the documents that you already sent to Nate and let's just kind of take inventory of where we are.
Amanda Smallmon: Okay.
Adam Harrison: So the three payers. Let me just check my notes that we're doing.
Amanda Smallmon: I think one, he wanted to do Arkansas Blue Cross Blue Shield, and it's Arkansas. And it's pretty straightforward. Their fee schedules online. I downloaded that and sent that. So it's not like contract specific. It's just like. They just do it across the state and they're probably like the easiest on that.
Adam Harrison: Okay.
Amanda Smallmon: We. So. And I don't know if I actually sent our contract with. With it. I know I sent my fee schedule. I had to go back. We have requested the actual, like contract, but the payer's fee schedule is going to be the same then. And I kind of looked at it when she pulled it up and it looked it. I didn't like compare it, but it looked like it was right. And then the other one was going to be Cigna. Cigna is a beast. I will send. I will. I will send that attachment. I got the. I pulled up in my email my original contract with feed schedule on it. I do not think it's changed since we did it in 2022. I have requested a raise, but I don't think they've ever. They're like. They're probably more my difficult one when it comes to that. So I haven't. I don't think that's changed. And then I forgot what the other one was United. So United is. I think. I think I sent you that one too.
Adam Harrison: Okay.
Amanda Smallmon: You should have that one. So we've got a. We really are more United Behavioral Health, but it's still UnitedHealthcare. We still build it under UnitedHealthcare. And we've had a little small. It is small. It's aggravating. But a small glitch with United Healthcare in the last two weeks. So I don't know if you need to know about it or not. So I'm dual certified to me and one of my other nurse practitioners are dual certified. We're both family and psychiatric.
Amanda Smallmon: I am that plus like a thousand other things, but those are my two primary. And United Healthcare is lost. I'm telling you, they've lost it. For 20 years, they billed me as primary care and psychiatric. Okay. But as of a couple of weeks ago, they said that I don't have an active contract for the family practice side. They said I'm in the behavioral health side, but they've lost my family practice side. So I only do like, maybe. I'm so sorry. This is like the freaking story in my life this week. Everything that can go wrong. I'm living by Murphy's Law right now.
Amanda Smallmon: My computer and my laptop came unplugged and I guess it's dead. And then it wouldn't let. It kept everything open. It's still doing. Let me reshare that screen.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, no problem. I think it should be approved now, so. So if you click it look like it did.
Amanda Smallmon: It said that I need to set up mfa. So let's do that.
Adam Harrison: So that's going to be the Authenticator app. If you have one of those, dude, everything's like, got one.
Amanda Smallmon: Let me add it to my Google.
Adam Harrison: Okay, add it to the list and the QR code.
Amanda Smallmon: Let's do it. Oh yeah. It's funny, at my clinic, like I said, there's a couple of things that like the girls just have to be signed in underneath me. And so like I'm hunting for my phone sometimes I'm like, okay, he's got my phone.
Adam Harrison: Actually it.
Amanda Smallmon: I can do it off of other little like Google tablet. I don't even know what the thing is that has the authenticator on there too. I need to update it, make sure it's got all my stuff on it and I need to start using that.
Adam Harrison: When you first check, you won't have to do anything here. The only thing is if you go to apps on the top and sometimes this can take like it's probably going to say it's loading in which we're setting up this account.
Amanda Smallmon: This process can take 20 minutes.
Adam Harrison: Yep. So we'll just come back to this a little bit later, but we'll just let this kind of get set up in the background and we'll kind of come back to it later on. So let's go back to. Let's kind of go one by one through your different pairs that you want to do. So you mentioned Cigna, Blue Cross and United. Let's maybe start with Blue Cross and I'm just going to share kind of the what I have from Nate and then maybe we can just kind of fill in any gaps. I think the main things that I need to know to be able to set up to set up billing would be basically everything with how you are kind of like on file with them. So for example, is it your one, you know, individual MPI or is it under a group or a group?
Amanda Smallmon: We're under a group, so. So I have my group NPI that we bill everything under. But obviously everybody has to be credentialed and so every all they have all of our NPIs and me and Kathy and Tammy are all credentialed with Arkansas Blue Cross Blue Shield. And so tell me what you need. I've got a Google Drive file. Should have one. It's probably on this computer. Let me pull up my files. It has every number. That we could ever want. I'm on a Mac. I go back and forth between Mac and A and a Windows computer. I have to remember how to find it. You find my file here that's got all of our numbers. I can give you anything you want. I keep an Excel sheet. If not, it's on my Google Drive. I don't think. It's not on this computer. I can't believe it's not. Let me get it from a good. So we. So as I know you guys have more complicated. All of our stuff at the clinic is saved on Google Drive so that we can get to it or anybody can get to what the things they need. Like we share what folders need to go for certain things. So okay. It was easy for me. Yeah.
Adam Harrison: If you can just share and have me as like a view only kind of access or something like that. Or if you just download and send a copy. You know, the things I really need are like for each payer, you know, is it which.
Amanda Smallmon: Which everything we bill everything under our group npi. Okay. And then so let me. I'm gonna download this just computers. I pull this up like a thousand times. Can't believe it's not on here. Anyways, it's just an Excel sheet. That's all it is.
Adam Harrison: That's perfect.
Amanda Smallmon: Microsoft Excel. Because I don't think it'll let me share it to you via Google Drive. It might, but I think like it's restricted workspace restricts it to just in house, I think.
Adam Harrison: Okay. If you just download it, that also could work.
Amanda Smallmon: Adam. Adam Harrison.
Adam Harrison: Yep.
Amanda Smallmon: There you are. Now list. I'm gonna send you an Excel sheet's got like a ton of everybody's information on it. Which I know you'll keep it safe, but just if you get to wonder, Holy cow. This is my life. This is. I live by the sheet. I have it in a like hard clear P plastic cover thing at. The clinic and all of my girls that have to have numbers, they have it. So I'm going to hit send and make sure you can open it. You should be able to.
Adam Harrison: All right, I'll take a look.
Amanda Smallmon: And that. So there it's separated up by the clinic. And then each provider that I have, you can ignore Bridget because Bridget is not, that's, she's, she's no longer with us. So it's got Tammy, this one's got Dr. Huffman, me, Catherine, and it does have Kathy. So I'll have to get them to. I'll send you another one, an updated one when I get home because Kathy's medic was. I don't think you need it right now. I guess we could add Medicare. I mean, we don't have a whole lot of straight Medicare, but she has a Medicare ID number that's not on there and she has an Arkansas Medicaid provider number that you have to check it on my phone.
Adam Harrison: Okay. This is great though. This has a lot of what we need.
Amanda Smallmon: Yeah, this is what I live by. And if you're going to do any dealing, this is, this is how I saved up. Somebody may have a better system, I don't know.
Adam Harrison: So do you know which of these addresses is like on file with United Cigna, Blue Cross?
Amanda Smallmon: Okay. Both Pigot's our main office. So since we're starting with me and Kathy, everything's Pigot. The version, everything's Pigot.
Adam Harrison: All right.
Amanda Smallmon: Our primary office.
Amanda Smallmon: And when we get, when we get to the Missouri Kansas City office, if it still exists in the weekend adult strangler, then that one will be the Missouri office. She's, I don't know what. I gave her an option that she could stay and we would change a few things or she could, we could give a 30 day notice. Her husband has become a problem and I don't know if she's going to want to keep working. This is a friend of mine. So my Missouri office was not planned. I went to school with her. She wanted to go out on her own, but she didn't know how to do the admin side, the billing side and all that stuff. And she's like, can I go out under your umbrella? I have never stepped foot in this office. I, I, I own this business. I, and I get a commission. But there she works on commission. But it's a, her husband is, I don't like her being self employed, I guess I don't know what his problem is. So I told her she could either get him under control, or she could do whatever she wanted to do. But she needed to let me know this week what we're doing, so. But by the time we get to that, I will know. Either it's there or it's not. But our main office is Picket, Arkansas. That is the address they have. That is not our mailing list. Address.
Adam Harrison: That's the billing address.
Amanda Smallmon: That's the billing address. Our. Our mailing address is P.O. box 301. And I don't know if you need to put that in on the. The one you have there, but our mailing address is P.O. box 301. It's still Pickett, Arkansas. The same zip code and everything. But we don't have so big. It's a little bitty little town and we don't have any. We don't have mailboxes.
Adam Harrison: Okay. Got it. Got it. Okay. I think this is kind of what I need. So if we have this. If we have the fee schedules. Which I'll have to take a look at maybe all except for.
Amanda Smallmon: I'm gonna have to pull. I had downloaded Cigna on my phone.
Adam Harrison: Oh, yeah. We're missing Cigna.
Amanda Smallmon: Let me. I downloaded it here. I can send it to you through here because I found it in my email. So it'll probably say Evernorth. So I don't know how much you've messed with insurance. I'm gonna try not to blow your mind because some people look like I'm crazy. Evernor contract. So I need to be scheduled because it'll help Fee schedule over north is Cigna, but it's the mental health side.
Adam Harrison: Right. Right.
Amanda Smallmon: But we bill it obviously through frequency. I can't make insurance easy. Credentialing contract department. Okay. Roster. I cannot believe I screwed it up last night. But I guess I was tired because it was a bad night. And I worked till. I had clinics till 7. I had patience till 7:30 last night. But I am a. We're in a small area. We don't have like those. Those resources like mobile crisis units and things like that. I just have to take care of my. My people. I mean. So if I got a crisis, I will either take care of them at lunch or I'll stick them at the end of the day so they don't have to go to the hospital and don't end up impatient. I'd rather people not jack with my people's medicines. Why is. So. Where's the food schedule? I'm looking. It's. I've got. I think I've got the email here. Delicious team. Thank you for always enjoying. Come on. I'm sorry. I know that you guys have a time limit. You all going to make a note on my account? Add an extra 30 minutes to our meeting because I ain't going to nothing ever go right.
Adam Harrison: No problem.
Amanda Smallmon: I'll have to go through and find. I know I got it out of my email.
Amanda Smallmon: I'm just not, say, Sigma contract, maybe credential. See Evernor.
Amanda Smallmon: I see where she sent us. Behavior, health. Credentialing. Evernor. I don't want to worry. Increase request. I'll find it. I'll email it to you today. I will find it. It's in here. Do you. Unless you need it, like, right this second.
Adam Harrison: I'll keep looking, but that's totally fine. I will send you an email with, like, the things we still need so you don't have to. Don't worry about, like, keeping notes on what you're missing.
Amanda Smallmon: So. All right.
Adam Harrison: Yeah.
Amanda Smallmon: If you guys wanted. I mean, I told him give me three months. Because when I talked to him, I was like, you know, I'm really nervous about it, but I pretty well just got it set in my mind now. And after talking to my husband in the week that we had with some of our billing, he's just like, we gotta get something off your plate. So we can start with these three. We can. I don't know how easy it is for you to add just like our Medicare. I would have to give you all of our Medicare numbers, which. The only one that's missing is Kathy's. She's got all of her numbers. It's just that Excel sheet did not get saved and updated, obviously. And I googled out. I can't believe it. I didn't, but I guess I didn't. But anyways, I don't know how easy it is to add, like. So let me ask you this. So say next month. I see that. Okay, this is looking pretty good. And I. And I want to go ahead and start adding our other insurance insurers and start getting them changed over. How easy is it for me to do that?
Adam Harrison: Super easy. We can just do it as. You want to, like, add them in. Yeah.
Amanda Smallmon: Okay. Because that's probably what I'll do as. As we're getting stuff, just kind of start just adding it to. To you. What I would need to know, though, is like, while me and Kathy are in jot side, how do we know which. So I need a flag. I need something like, I need their insurance to show up at the top or somewhere and it might do it so that I know which ones for us to sign and send to you and which ones for me to just hit complete and build through my other system. I want to get. I don't like being split between two systems. I can do it and I think Kathy can do it? I have. I'm pretty sure we can do it. I just don't want to mess up on it.
Adam Harrison: Yep. We'll. We'll. We'll talk through that, too.
Amanda Smallmon: All right.
Adam Harrison: Makes, but totally makes sense. It's like another. It's another like mental load to carry if you have two systems. Right.
Amanda Smallmon: So. Right, right. Systems. Literally, myself, I mean, I've been working out of this because I've been doing the beta testing for a. From the beginning and I'm pretty comfortable with stuff. But Kathy, I'm one. She's a new nurse practitioner. She's been with us for probably maybe four months and so. And she has picked up our other system and the jot's like just like really, really, really fast. I just hate to bombard her with something and not give her the tool to keep her from messing up.
Adam Harrison: Yep, okay, perfect.
Amanda Smallmon: She's on board with anything. She's probably my easiest provider I got.
Adam Harrison: Yeah. Okay, well, yeah, we'll. We'll talk through that. But totally hear you on the insurance piece and yeah, we can totally take it. I think, I think it's good that you're doing at least a payer by payer approach as opposed to like provider by provider, because that, that is usually like, you kind of want to do one, at least one per day provider, like in, in its entirety and not. I think where you could run into trouble is where if you are splitting like CIGNA across two systems, that would be.
Amanda Smallmon: Oh, no. And that's what's going to happen with the Missouri side.
Adam Harrison: Yeah.
Amanda Smallmon: But I'm telling you, I love Cat. I love Katie at therapy. The girl, she just like the definition of blonde. And I have like literally walked her through the same reports and the same things. I have to do it about 10 times for her to like, get it stored in here for a mental workflow. And she does not like computers. She does not like anything. The only thing she does not complain to me about is jot sack. And she doesn't really complain of. She can't figure out nothing in bailing. Okay. But even Nate's like, oh my God, when he looks at it so I could find stuff, but I've been working out of it for a while.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, it's a lot of these are really wonky. I've seen a bunch and not
Amanda Smallmon: all did a very unique thing. You started with documentation first, which is what they usually do last. And I think that you guys. And I've never thought about it before, you know, the, the process of building an ehr, every emr, you know, it's all the same. But anyways. And I never thought about the process. But then when got to thinking when you guys were doing this and I was like, you know, really. They're doing it backwards, but they're doing it the right way because the documentation is what everybody complains about, and that's always the last thought. You know, and you guys are doing it from this direction. It's making it easier for me. It's making. It's going to make it an easier transition from anybody who's been using your software already. And you've already perfected the part that everybody else screws up. So, I mean, as long as you can do this part, then you've. You've knocked it out of the park.
Adam Harrison: We're right there. So this is. Yeah, it's exciting for sure.
Amanda Smallmon: So it is. Well, you don't have that. Just like, you may not know, but I'm, like, so excited. I. I was one that reached out tonight. I'm like, look, my contracts are up in June with both my billing software and my ehr. And I didn't know how close we were to ready. And I said, you know, I don't really want to sign another contract with them, but I don't have to. I'd rather just. Let's just like, let me get on board here, and as long as we can build and I can make my money, we'll deal with the work. We'll work out the kinks on the other side.
Adam Harrison: Makes sense. Well, let's. Let's kind of dive back in here because I think this has finished loading.
Adam Harrison: Do you see this?
Amanda Smallmon: Yeah, I do see it now. Yes.
Adam Harrison: Okay, can you go ahead and click on jot Psych on the bottom there?
Amanda Smallmon: An anatomy thing. This is interesting. Well, it's a. Oh, wait a minute. I got to go back to the actual screen.
Amanda Smallmon: Oh, yeah, yeah, I'm in our screen. Hang on. Where'd it go? There it is. Okay. Job site.
Adam Harrison: Yep. So go ahead and click on that, and then you'll just need to click install.
Amanda Smallmon: Oh, there it is. We were covering up install. Is this installing it to my computer or just to steady?
Adam Harrison: Just to steady.
Amanda Smallmon: Okay, so say. Because it's not the computer I work on at work.
Adam Harrison: Yeah. It won't do anything for your computer.
Amanda Smallmon: Okay.
Adam Harrison: And then this will give you. It's going to give you an API key which is just like, you know, a bunch of random numbers and letters. I'll just need you to copy that and just send it to me. Maybe an email or in the chat. I don't know if the chat's working, though, so email might be better.
Amanda Smallmon: Okay. It looks like it's sitting right now.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, this one should be faster. This is of the kind of three stages here where it takes a long time to load. This one's usually pretty quick. All right, so, yeah, then just on the bottom where it says API key credentials. Can you just copy that?
Amanda Smallmon: Let me email it to you real quick, because if I don't do what I'm thinking about, it may be.
Adam Harrison: It.
Amanda Smallmon: Well I'm trying to click on. I always try to label stuff because Lord knows oh wait a minute I don't know whether that's right I don't like it copyright but no I would not it says a copy didn't it Lied. Okay I sent it to you
Adam Harrison: all right let me take a look for that it. All right so this give me one second I'm going to add it to your job site account. Just make sure that works verify okay. All right so that is good to go
Amanda Smallmon: I can check this box it says I've added it yeah check that box.
Adam Harrison: Great so make sure it's showing up here I think we should be good okay yep I see here all right so that is that so let's so I'm gonna let you go in a minute here and we'll find a little more time maybe later in the week or early next. Week. But what I wanted to talk through with you is on the. So we have pretty much everything set up to be able to send claims. Now I load in like your eye and you know, tax id, all that good stuff. What can sometimes take a little longer is the ERA and EFT process. And so want to go over like two, two kind of things with you. One is for the eras, we can have those post like reroute from Valent to job site. I think that probably makes sense for the eras.
Adam Harrison: Okay, so I think we should just go ahead and do that for the EFTs. Are these going right now into your like company bank account or your bank account?
Amanda Smallmon: Yes.
Adam Harrison: None of these are check based, right?
Amanda Smallmon: None of these three are not.
Adam Harrison: Okay, so there's kind of two options here. One is you can just continue to, to do that and we can just leave that as is. The other option is we can set up like an intermediary account through our banking partner Mercury, which will like, it'll basically be like a one day lag where it'll first go into Mercury and then it will go into your account the, the following day. And the only reason to do that is it allows us to do reconciliations against like, does what you submitted match what the ERA says, match what is actually in your bank account. So that's the only benefit. It's. It takes some time to set up, which is why I'm like bringing it up now because you know, insurance will take time to like set up the EFT thing or process those changes.
Amanda Smallmon: And you ain't seen the beast until you've seen Arkansas Medicaid change.
Adam Harrison: Oh yeah, especially Medicaid or anything like that. So it's totally up to you.
Amanda Smallmon: You know, we, you can't reconcile it unless we do it through this Mercury account. This.
Adam Harrison: That's like the fastest way to do it. You know, there's other ways. If you were to just send us your, your statement, you know, we could, we could do it that way as well, but that would, you know, require you to like periodically go in and export that and send it to us. So.
Amanda Smallmon: Right. And I do that. Or I could even get. I mean, I think I can. Look, I use Blue Vine. Blue vine's got like 10 times the features. I may be able to even give. I don't know if it would be. I could probably give like a view only.
Adam Harrison: Yeah.
Amanda Smallmon: Access or something. Because one, I don't care if you know what I spend or not, but I'm telling you, I have actually. Oh God, this is so this is such a mess. I almost would like to do the Mercury thing, but I know how hard it is to change the checking account because I have two business checking accounts and the only reason I have two business checking accounts is because I cannot get Medicare to change. And we have sent multiple requests to change the deposit account for Medicare, the ones we submit through Arkansas Novitas to change our deposit account to the new account. It is still going to the old account and Arkansas Medicaid. It's the same way it goes to the other freaking account. And I can download and upload those I guess if I have to, because I can just tell you to change checking accounts. It's really hard. In Arkansas Blue Cross Blue Shield it took us over six months or more to get it changed because the way they do their deposit change and thank God most of them don't do this, they will. You send in this form and then they will call. They have to have two separate people call and verify that you have changed. They have to have the old account information, new account information and what they do is we're only open Monday through Thursday. I swear to you. They kept calling me on Friday and I'm like, dude, we are not open on Friday. I've told you a thousand times, we're not open on Friday. Put a note in our account, we are not open on Friday. Quit calling me on Friday because you're not going to get anybody. So then they would cancel it out and then we'd have to start all the way over again with the Blue Cross Blue Shield. Arkansas and our other places didn't give us as much trouble. But I do know those three are Medicaid, Medicare and Arkansas Blue Cross Blue Shield. To change deposit accounts is an absolute nightmare. So it may be easier just for me to give you access to my Bluevine account. That's where 90% of our stuff goes. And then I'll have to just upload the. My other one is that I can a traditional account here in town. And the only reason that I've kept it, like literally the only reason I've kept that account is because those two deposits just don't go right. And they are. It's a change checking accounts because they wouldn't give me a letter for Medicare saying that it they they wouldn't drop off the llc. Medicare wouldn't take a letter from the bank with the LLC on it. They wanted one that just said Salon Health because that's what my federal tax id. Everything is under just Saylor Health. But at the state level we're an LLC And I told the bank, I said, you've got every documentation that shows my federal and my state level. I just need a letter saying that we have a checking account there and verify basically a bank letter and they would not drop off the LLC regardless of the documentation they had. And I said, well, forget this. I've got to get paid by Medicare in Missouri. So I just changed my whole checking account and went to. Business account through Bluevine and they sent me everything I needed because they go by the federal tax ID number.
Adam Harrison: Gotcha. Okay. I think. Yeah, totally makes sense. Why don't we just go with we? Let's not touch anything with eft, especially just to start out, you know, I
Amanda Smallmon: can't afford right now for any of that to get messed up for one. But mainly is that's going to be a beast for. For you on some of my accounts because I just know because I've done it.
Adam Harrison: Totally, totally hear you. Yeah. That's why I flag it.
Amanda Smallmon: Just because it is my worst nightmare is for somebody to get a hold of my business account and may have to change accounts for my EFTs.
Adam Harrison: Oh, no, I can't imagine. Yeah, so let's go ahead and just skip that part. The last thing I want to talk through today. And then we'll set up some time.
Amanda Smallmon: And let's try to set up some time pretty quick because I am off from today. I go back to work next Thursday. I've took off a week. And so I don't know what your time frame is on stuff, but I don't take off time very often. I'm usually on Fridays. But I've got two things I've got to do coming up on some Fridays that'll mess with that. And that is one. Got to train a sporado center, how to set up a sporado center and how to use their jot sock with what parts they can. And then see, I'm doing yalls training and y' all don't even know what I'm doing down here. That's what I told Nate. I'm like, dude, give me like a discount or something. I'm like, y' all don't even know how much business I'm giving you down here. But that and I've got to go to the freaking dentist and get a crown put on one of my teeth.
Adam Harrison: Okay, well, let's. Yeah, let's make it work for your schedule. So what you said you're off till. Is it next Thursday? Like, yes. Or is that.
Amanda Smallmon: Yes. My anniversary is this weekend on. My birthday is like a couple days after. So me and my husband usually take off a week this time. But I'm not really going anywhere. I'm. I may go somewhere, but I always take my laptop with me. And my. Like, my idea of a vacation right now is peace, quiet in an audio book. Okay. So, like, I'm not going to be doing anything fantastical or anything.
Adam Harrison: Okay, well, we can also my 2:30, I think is rescheduling, so. So we can. If you don't have a conflict, we can also just keep going now and try to cover.
Amanda Smallmon: I don't have nothing going on. I'm literally the only reason that my husband sent off today is he's pouring concrete for a swimming pool.
Adam Harrison: Okay, well, let's just kind of keep going and we'll see how far we get.
Amanda Smallmon: Sounds good to me. I'm good with it.
Adam Harrison: All right, perfect. So let's talk about your patient data. In valence. And what we want to move over into jot Psych.
Amanda Smallmon: D. Move it. Move it all over.
Adam Harrison: So, yeah, let me pull up this.
Amanda Smallmon: We have a ton in there already. Because when Nate first started moving patient information over, he has a login to my software.
Adam Harrison: Who has a login? Sorry, Nate.
Amanda Smallmon: Nate. Yeah. And so he moved over, like what patients we had at the time. Obviously we've added patients since then. And I have manually added in what my new patients are. And I have showed Kathy how to do it, so I'm assuming she's doing it. So the only thing you're going to have to send. Well, I mean, you may need more, but definitely we may need to move over some demographics. And then, like I said, the insurance stuff is. Is showing up on some of my jot Soc stuff.
Adam Harrison: Okay. I don't know that we loaded because I asked our. Our. My colleague who does the data migrations, he's saying he hasn't done anything for your account. So maybe.
Amanda Smallmon: Maybe Nate went in or did something crazy himself.
Adam Harrison: Let me ask.
Amanda Smallmon: Yeah, ask him because I'm telling you yesterday. Let me look at. I don't remember where I was seeing it at.
Adam Harrison: Yeah. Do you mind kind of showing
Amanda Smallmon: where you can see what all I've got going on up in here. Let me share it just real quick here. Let me figure out where to see something else. Yes, please. But sometimes it's funny. Something will pop because I know you guys are working on it. Sometimes it'll start, something will pop up, and I'll. I'll go in there to tell Rachel, and then it's gone. And I'm like, well, I guess they. They changed their mind. It would have been patience. I've seen this week because it was this week. And I don't know where I would see it at. I guess it's going to be in their chart. Let's see. Somebody. Who? Chloe, maybe. Was it. No, it's Carrie. I think Carrie's stuff was in his. Go into his actual chart. Can I go there from here? I need to make that a hyperlink.
Adam Harrison: Oh, you gotta do. Yeah.
Adam Harrison: Click on carry again. And then you should. At the bottom, there's a full client. Yeah, it's kind of hidden. The bottom.
Amanda Smallmon: Yeah, Microname. A hyperlink to take you to hear that with my glass. Easy.
Adam Harrison: All right.
Amanda Smallmon: So where would the insurance stuff be? It's going to be in his. This part. Let me get.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, Try clicking the little error of the little pencil on the top. Right?
Amanda Smallmon: Yeah.
Adam Harrison: And then there should. You should see insurance as if you scroll down. Scroll down here.
Amanda Smallmon: Let's see if his was one. No, let me think. Who was a uhc? Who was a uhc? Because I had a UHC this week. And I was like, okay, because there was uhc. And I know that was a new patient, Stephanie. See, Stephanie works for the post office. She has Blue Cross Blue Shield. Cross Blue. So now this is going to make me out of. Liar.
Amanda Smallmon: I don't feel like it was here that I seen it, but it would have had to be. We got a client, Samantha Yeager.
Amanda Smallmon: Because it was on. It was. It was. I only seen patients Monday and Tuesday and I seen somebody who had it in there already.
Amanda Smallmon: There was a couple of them. I just don't remember where I was saying. Because I wouldn't have been clicking into this. Wherever it was, it was obvious.
Amanda Smallmon: I don't know where else it would show on the appointment. So I wasn't clicking into all these, obviously, when I was. Well, I would have been maybe in that page. I wouldn't have been clicking on.
Amanda Smallmon: Okay, I know I seen it. But it would seem like they. That was mainly right here. It has a member ID in it somewhere. And I didn't put that in somewhere. It showed me that what her insurance was when I was either on a calendar or when I opened up her note or it showed it to me somewhere because it would have been really obvious because I wouldn't have noticed it otherwise because I was just working and so where would it have been? I know where it was. I know exactly where it was. Here.
Adam Harrison: Oh, insurance. Okay. Yeah. This is our. Oh, interesting.
Amanda Smallmon: Yes. So say. I know that. Say it's got it in there, but it didn't show one on the other side. So I don't know why it's not. Not showing under the pencil. So I noticed this because I was looking up here at these buttons to figure out what these. These circle buttons were. And that triangle I hovered over and like, oh, look, he's moved over some of my insurance stuff. And so I don't know what has been done. I don't know how it got there because I didn't put it there. And my secretary is not putting it there because I've not had my secretary until this week. I asked her when she started. When she does the paperwork for our new patients. Right now our new patients do new patient documents. We have them do it through form doctor and she moves over manually. Their valence intake form suck. So anyways, we went to form Dr. And she manually moves over their demographics and. And insurance information. And I asked her to just add them to this and put their address and phone number in it starting this week. So she's not done this. This is. This is an old patient. This is a patient I've had for a long time. So I don't know how the information got in there. It just did.
Adam Harrison: Okay. I'll have to check with our team on what that is.
Amanda Smallmon: But it's not showing under the pencil. So the pencil didn't. When we went underneath that, it didn't say, you know, he'll care. All it had was a member id So I don't know if I am curious. You know, I. I have an idea how that may have gotten possibly in there. Let me. Let me check something. Let's check something. Let's just do something for kids grins and giggles here. Hang on. Let me.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, if you go to her chart. Is it there?
Amanda Smallmon: I did look there, but it did. All it showed was Let me go back. Well, here we are. When I let me go into her just like her chart part and click pencil. I think all it says when we scroll down. I think all it had was a member id. It didn't have the actual insurance information.
Amanda Smallmon: But I've got an idea how it may have gotten there. See, this is all it says. Can you see it?
Adam Harrison: Yeah.
Amanda Smallmon: Okay, but I've got an idea. Something that it may be inter. What may be making it interface. Let me check something. I don't. I have. I think I know what it possibly is it. So let's. Let me find somebody real quick. And Kelsey stuff is. Should not be in there. So let's see. Oh, look, the little triangles there too. See what that is? Says add insurance. So let me do something real quick.
Adam Harrison: Did it through there?
Amanda Smallmon: Well, no, she wouldn't have done it, I'm telling you. I think I got an idea. Let's do this. Because when I connect to this, So let me connect my patient. This is the prescribing because he just signed me up for prescribing and I will tell you when I go into Duo. Duo. Okay. So Duo has member information already in here. You see this? They pulled up her stuff. I don't know where they got it from. I didn't put it in there. It's in Duo and I don't know, Duo is pulling it from probably an Optum national or Silver Scripts or something pulling their insurance information. And I'm wondering when I connect them with Jot Soc if maybe that pulled it over.
Amanda Smallmon: So let, let me, let me do something. Let me just send a prescription for her and see if that adds it to it because that may be where it's coming from. And that just dawned on me because I just started using this too. And I can call Piggott and tell them I'm just testing something. I know the pharmacist is my friend. That's. That's when you got talented 5,000 people. Everybody knows you. I know she had. Yeah. The other day. Anyway, so let's just hook her up for the next one. That's so crazy. I know. But I almost wonder if. Because when I, when we use the Duo. Let me ask you this. When we, when we do the Duo, is it going to push these prescriptions that I send over into the note and over into the chart?
Adam Harrison: I am not super close to how that part of the system.
Amanda Smallmon: It needs to, but it's connected somehow because it makes me connect this. So we only want. We only do this 10 days. Let me do this real, just really quick and then we'll see. We'll go back and refresh her chart and we'll see if it puts us information in there. Because this is really easy to send. It's not a control. And my daughter in law will be messing with Jimmy here in a minute. Did you send all that? She's also asked for a while. So real quick. And then we'll go back and let's refresh that and let's see if that fits that in there because I'm just curious if it's the interface that's doing that. Every now and then you get a nice little surprise. I don't know how long it would take, But I did just connect it to Duo and Duo pools. Actually go as well. I probably don't even have a chart on her. I don't. I don't know if he's. If you are not moving it over. It's coming from somewhere. And this is the only. Place that I could think of and I don't know like I said how long it would take for the. We'll go back and check this in a minute. But I bet you if you're not moving it over the only other place that it would be coming from because I'm not putting it in and. And my secretary's not been putting it in because my secretary's got like a thousand and one things to do already. Then. It's. That's the only other place it could come from and this needs to go away. This keeps staying there on there. But I already put a ticket in for that that it keeps saying for me to complete this. But I've already done it because obviously, I mean prescribing when I click on it and it asks me to do something and there's no more tasks to do. They walk me through that the other day. But it keeps saying complete the. Complete the identity proofing. And I've already done all that. So like I said, that's the only place that I can think of that it's coming from is there if you're not. But yes, definitely everything. Because the goal. It'll save you time on if you can. I mean I'm sure it's just one report. So ultimately it's going to save you time down the road when we get ready to just completely go over because I'm telling you I will be one of your first ones that will be on your system because that I'm already looking forward to it. So, you know.
Adam Harrison: Okay, well great. Let's talk about the data that's in Valent and what over. So if I can share my screen now.
Amanda Smallmon: Absolutely. Let me. I'm g. Go back check this. I. This only place I. Good.
Adam Harrison: Yeah.
Amanda Smallmon: That is something that I wanted to.
Adam Harrison: So I'm going to kind of put together a report here and there's a lot of like, you know, everything.
Amanda Smallmon: Oh my God.
Adam Harrison: Right. So I think the key things that we want to get are obviously just like the insurance info. So we'll do that and then we'll also do their kind of basic demographic info also do you store like phone number, their cell phone in here? That'll be helpful too. And yeah, those are kind of the main things that we'll
Amanda Smallmon: need their primary insurance or secondary insurance. And so while we're thinking about that too, you might as well just makes me nervous. But you might as well start. We might as well start working on moving over Arkansas Medicaid and Missouri Missouri Health Net or Missouri Medicaid because that's our really common secondaries. And if we don't have those secondaries in there, when you run, when you process our primary claims, there's got to be a process that is secondary. And having them in two systems is not going to be ideal. And a lot of my, like so some of my, A lot of my United Healthcare are Medicare replacement plan plans and they're automatic secondary. There's a lot of random ones but they're automatic secondary on a lot of them is Arkansas Medicaid. But I think that's on our list, ain't it?
Amanda Smallmon: Their secondary is Medicaid a lot of times, not every time, but a lot of times their secondaries are going to be Medicaid.
Adam Harrison: Okay. All right. So we should probably. And you have that in on file here with as like insurance. Both insurance on here.
Amanda Smallmon: Yeah. So they'll just make sure that you know when you're doing. If you don't, you can put both them in there. I don't really care but I have. The clinic will have a Missouri and an Arkansas Medicare number and it'll have a Missouri and Arkansas Medicaid number because of that Missouri office. So since we're doing just me and Kathy, we'll just focus on man, we still have to put the second. The both state Medicaid because we're on a state line. I have patients that drive over from Missouri. It takes me 15 minutes to get to my clinic and I live in Missouri. So we're going to have. There is no way not to move those secondaries over. I have a whole lot more others that are just like crossovers and secondaries. We're probably going to have to. I'll have to go through that list. I have. I don't know, you're in a different screen right now. But in bail it there's a tab that says insurances and that's all of our insurances that we have and a lot of them are. Yeah, it's underneath persons and institutions. Some of those are going to be secondary for Medicare and then we don't have a whole lot of Tricare. So like we're seeing more of that Allied benefits system. That's. I think one of the nursing homes has changed to it. AARP is a secondary. So we will see a lot of that and like all the EDIs and all that stuff will be in there and then I can't think. Let's see, scroll down just a little bit. Consultant Health is a primary. Go see Federal Life Insurance. That Federal Life Co Co. Whatever that is not a primary. That is a secondary for Medicare. I don't have a like a credentialing with them or anything. They just like that, that's a crossover and they just like automatic. I don't, we don't bill them. It just like once their Medicare pays, it automatically slips over and it crosses over and that company pays. That's the same thing with that great Southern Life Insurance. I know it makes no sense that a life insurance company is a secondary company, but it is. Let's see, I have Luminaire Health. I have no idea what that is. So Missouri Health Net. So we'll have two Ambitters in here, one for Missouri, one for Arkansas, because they're managed care plans. Missouri Health Net is Missouri Medicaid. Okay? It's Missouri Medicaid is not called Missouri Medicaid. It's Missouri Health Net. It's a primary and it is a secondary. Missouri Home State Health, That's a primary. Mutual of Omaha, it's a secondary. It's a crossover for Medicare. Oh, I hate this stuff.
Adam Harrison: So we'll, we'll just make sure we get all this all like the primary and secondary insurance,
Amanda Smallmon: because some, a lot of this and then like, some of these are just like random insurances. I'll say like here, that sns health coverage. And like, again, they don't require credentialing. The major health care insurers, you know, Blue Cross, Blue Shield, sign of, you know, Aetna, they require credentialing. But a lot of these other ones are like sub companies of another insurer.
Adam Harrison: Right. So. And as far as what we bring over into jot Psych, I think it might make sense to just bring over the patients where their primary insurance is listed as one of the three that we're doing.
Amanda Smallmon: That would make sense. Okay. If you can do that, that'd work.
Adam Harrison: So we can just. I'll try to find a way where we can like set that up as a report. But I think to start, why don't we do kind of two waves of data transfer. Wave one will be just patients where their primary insurance is one of those three.
Amanda Smallmon: Okay.
Adam Harrison: The other way we could limit it is just if the primary provider is either you or Kathy. I don't know if, if you think the data is like, labeled correctly in here, we can do that. But if you think it might
Amanda Smallmon: not, because sometime most of it will be labeled by. Will have a provider attached to it. But if you do the Pigot office. Let me think here, let me think here. I told you, me and Kathy, you might as well do Tammy. Tammy only works one day a week. If she screws it, I pay her salary. So she screws it up, then she just screws it up and we just have to fix. Cannot be too hard. She builds two whole codes. Okay? Two whole codes.
Amanda Smallmon: If I can't teach her how to put in two whole codes and the diagnosis code, then. She don't need to be seeing patients. She uses JOT soc. All she'll have to do is sign the note and put those in. Right. Okay, so do Tammy. Then you've got all of our picket office and anything you pull over, it will be. All three of us can do it. We just got to have a. Some kind of flag so she knows that. That ensure. And I'll have to enable. We'll have to enable signing on their two accounts because like mine, I can enable signing, but I don't know if we can on theirs. And they're gonna have to know to sign those and just hit complete on the others. So I don't know how we're gonna do that.
Adam Harrison: And do you need like dual signing for the way that you're set up to bill or they just sign and they bill under your group and.
Amanda Smallmon: Yeah, just everything just goes under our group.
Adam Harrison: Okay, okay. Because sometimes there's like a supervising, you know, so okay.
Amanda Smallmon: As far as billing. No. But yes. Eventually we're going to have to get to a point where Kathy's supervisor or like her collaborator can go in and review like 5. I think I've got it set like 15 charts a quarter. She has to read and dislike. This is what I absolutely do not want, is that the billing cannot be done until the co signer is done. And that's what I've run into in the past, is that because my collaborators, man, they're busy and they may not for a month. They may not go in and sign. Co sign that chart and that chart won't get billed. And that's the way it is in Valent. They will not drop my chart until. If I have to have a co signer. So we ended up. We're having to like do a paper manual thing. But down the road, I mean, if we. We can continue to do what we're doing right now, but if down the road our collaborators are going to need access and they're going to need prescriptive authority because. And just to send. My collaborator probably sends five prescriptions for me a month and probably the same for Kathy. Now up in Missouri, it's different because their laws are different. He sends a whole lot more, but they're going to have to have access. But not for billing. Not for. Not for billing. We bill under ourselves. We do not bill under our collaborators or supervisors. It's a. It's a nurse practitioner owned clinic. And I actually don't have to have anybody. I'm independent. I don't. I am an independent. Practitioner, so.
Adam Harrison: Gotcha. Okay. No, that's all really helpful.
Amanda Smallmon: Every state. So, nurse practitioners, I'm going to apologize for all of us up front. Every state is different.
Adam Harrison: Oh, yeah, I know.
Amanda Smallmon: This will be your nightmare right here.
Adam Harrison: I will be streaming and living and breathing.
Amanda Smallmon: I will tell you as long as you can give it. So most companies don't charge us for access for the collaborator to be able to get in and just cosign charts. As long as they're not doing it seeing patients. But they do charge us like to set them up for and because we usually don't pay a monthly fee for E prescribing, but we're doing that through you guys, that's fine. I mean everything's different. But they usually just charge us a fee to set them up for E prescribing because they don't prescribe all the time. And then they just go in and they just. Because it's random. But now they're going to be some states like Missouri that nurse practitioners cannot send any, they can't send any schedule to stimulants. So all of our ADHD medicines, all of Katie's has to be sent by Cody and Cody's in freaking Chattanooga, Tennessee. And like we just pay him, just literally we just would pay him $1,000 a month just to review some charts and send some prescriptions. And he doesn't and she doesn't and I don't know how many she sends, but I bet you she don't send more than 15 a week at that.
Adam Harrison: Okay, so do you. So just so I understand. So this person you're paying this monthly kind of fee to, do they need to be signing things in job site or are they the ones
Amanda Smallmon: they need to be able to. So they don't really have to sign the chart. They need a way to go into those charts and, and make a note or it usually they, they like on there to say, hey, I reviewed this chart and looked at the treatment plan. That is the main thing as far as I know nationwide, as far as chart review is required, is that they have to be able to go in see our note.
Amanda Smallmon: And so what we can actually technically do. So I have had ehrs where I could just say okay. When I worked in Missouri, because I've worked in both states, I, I would send Dr. Sheridan, I'd say okay, I need you to go in and these are the charts that I did. Usually I do. It's just anything I sent a control because it would make the numbers. But anyways I say here are the notes, I need you to go in and sign. He would go in and look at them and he would just make a note in the bottom of the chart that he had looked at them and reviewed them every state that is. But they, we have to have a way to either them log in and send them those notes or, or they can go in and randomly pick out those notes. It would be easier if we could assign a note for them for review, if you could put it as a review and not sign that should not stall billing and it should not. And that should meet the criteria for most of your people across the country who do not have independent practice. And then the only other thing that they're going to need other than reviewing it, reviewing certain number of charts, is the prescription. And that's going to be random across the country. Sometimes they need to, sometimes they don't. Some choose to do it outside of their ehr. My collaborator that I pay for. Our clinic in Arkansas and the one in Missouri, they prefer to have a login to our EHR so that they can just review the charts from there and that they can send the scripts directly from there so that they can prove that they did do a review. And it's not separate. Dude, I'll make it work one way or the other. Just. I'm telling you the. I'm just giving you the information that somebody's going to request from you. Every state's going to be different. Most states are going to require a review if they don't have independent practice, and their collaborators are going to have to be able to prescribe. Whether they do it within your system or somebody else's. Their own. If they do it on their own. What they have to do is they have to program these patients and install them into their ehr. And that's just more administrative work on the collaborators. So most of them just want to log into ours so they don't have to do all that.
Adam Harrison: Got it, Got it. Okay, that's helpful. Let me kind of. Let's. Let's circle back to that then. But thank you for sharing the. The context.
Amanda Smallmon: If it makes you happier. There's 23 states in the United States that have approved independent practice. And it's. It is getting better.
Adam Harrison: I know. I know. For you and me both, that's what we want. So. All right, so we will do the patient import for just the. When, you know, just for the patients who have those as their primary.
Amanda Smallmon: Yes. It'll be easier for you. And then we'll. I'll just. I'll teach Tammy how to do this. It'll be all right. I will. If I have to. I'll make her a dummy sheet to reference and type it to her computer or something.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, we can do a training with her, too, once we get everything set up. Like, I will show your. Your team. You know, we can do a session together. So once everything is actually, like, set up. But I guess just coming back here, I'll share my screen one more time. So just to make sure I am, like, crystal clear on pairs, right?
Adam Harrison: Because there's a million different names.
Amanda Smallmon: No, and I apologize. We. We started out with just like, just the primaries, but these are ones that have just so for us to apply era. We have to have them. We have to have them in our system. So this is just what's built up over time as we've gotten these secondary payers and they come in on our eras. We. Oh, crap. Now I gotta go add another insurance company and they come back under some random stuff sometimes. But yes, this is our list of insurers that we get. The only one, and I don't know if it's in there, is Tribato. Tribato Way Star does not bill. I don't know why. And my biller is trying to do it, so. She's going to do it manually through availability. We have one patient has this random insurance called Tribato and I'm hoping that steady will be able to do that.
Adam Harrison: Gotcha. Okay. Yeah. That usually, you know, should be able to handle pretty much all the payers so. But we'll find out.
Amanda Smallmon: I guess that's the only one I've run across that Waystar couldn't do and I couldn't figure out why it wasn't going. And I called them and they're like, oh, we don't have that one in our system. We can't do that one electronically like that. I'm like so. But it's okay if, if not. Like I said my. I got. We can go through availability. I pay for availity access. So I pay for so much access to things that even though I freak out about the way that you are billing is because I do not like the, the, the billing setup that in reality if you guys get it all pulled together and I'm confident that you can over time I'm not going to be paying some of these fees that I'm paying. Right. Little ones adding up like availability we may still need because sometimes we have to find people's insurance because they don't know what the insurance they got. Sometimes we can find it in availability. But like once you get your intake forms figured out for jot soc that I can send to new patients, our prospective patients, whatever, then I won't have to pay for form Dr. Anymore because that's literally all I use it for. I use your software with your forms, which I love for everything else other than intake because I need the intake forms to interface and pull that information into their. Their demographics in their chart. And I don't know how to do that and set that up in, in your forms.
Adam Harrison: Got it. Yeah.
Amanda Smallmon: And you may already have one and I just couldn't find it in your already made forms. You may already have like an intake like form.
Adam Harrison: I think we. Yeah, we should have one in there. But if not, there is a way you can kind of like upload a form and then it will build it for you.
Amanda Smallmon: Okay.
Amanda Smallmon: Because I have intake forms I can do that with. But would it. Would it pull the information over into their client like their address and their.
Adam Harrison: It's sort of not really connected yet. No, but that is a great.
Amanda Smallmon: Okay. Yeah. That's the only thing I'll be waiting on. And then I can turn off my form doctor because we, we use that. The nice thing about it is, and I know you'll work on this. I know you guys got like a list of a million things to do is a link to put on my website so that they can do new intake forms from our website. Because we have a lot of people that just go to our website and then they'll click on that new intake forms and it just takes them to form doctor and they fill out their paperwork and then form doctor Emails us and send. Says you have a. You have new documents or whatever.
Adam Harrison: Gotcha. Okay. I'm actually just right now writing this to the team to work on this because that is something.
Amanda Smallmon: If you're going to do billing that we are going to be steadily getting new patients and.
Amanda Smallmon: Yeah, you know, we'll need to be putting that in there.
Amanda Smallmon: Yep, you're getting it together. You guys are doing great. You are doing great. I'm just like, things that I'm thinking about is I. And I tell you, and I just kind of spit them out. I know that I'm distracting, but that's just way my thing.
Adam Harrison: It's helpful. And we actually. We actually do have this. Is what.
Amanda Smallmon: So what telling me.
Adam Harrison: Okay, so we'll have to.
Amanda Smallmon: Yeah, just tell them, like, either email me how to get to it or whatever and I. I'll turn it on and we'll. We'll test it. And if it does what we need to do, then hallelujah. You have made my week. Another thing that you've done that has made my life better.
Adam Harrison: Let me see if Jackson can actually join us now, because he might be able to show you. Let me see it. Let me check his calendar. Oh, it looks like he's maybe in something that's okay.
Amanda Smallmon: If he just. I mean, if you can do it here in a little bit or next time or whatever, just that would be awesome because, man, it's just another piece. I mean, if it's one less administrative burden, then, hey, but I love your forms. I used it. I've made some of my own forms and I've sent some documents and stuff in there and. And I really like it. The one thing that it doesn't do, which is, okay, I'll survive, as I did make one screening as kind of a form. I always ask my patients to rate, like their depression, anxiety, and their irritability on a scale of 0 to 10, and you know how it graphs your phq 9 and it graphs everything else. I would love for it to graph those numbers because I made a form, just a simple form to send to the patients on that. And I would just love, love, love for that to graph their writing on that 0 to 10. Because sometimes. Sometimes you can get patients to fill out forms and sometimes you can't. But that one's pretty simple. And that's probably the one I could probably get them to do a little bit easier. Like, dude, just. Just open your phone and just put in there your writing. My patients are painful, but they're mental health patients. I mean, I expect them to be a pain, but they just are.
Adam Harrison: Yep.
Amanda Smallmon: They are my people, all right.
Adam Harrison: Let's. So I think it sounds like there's a bunch of work on forms that are going to happen next week. So if it's okay with you, I would love to have someone from our team loop back with you and give you a proper, you know, proper demo and update because I think we're going to be launching some things pretty soon. Yeah. If that's okay with you.
Amanda Smallmon: That sounds good to me. Hey, I'm all for it. I'm all for everything I can get in one place.
Adam Harrison: Okay. So that'll be probably like a separate session that will just schedule some time with you just so. Just to make sure that the way we're building it is actually like how you would want it to work. Right. Cool. So let's maybe. Or I think we're close to wrapping up here. I am just going to enable some things on your account that you can do kind of our billing, like the create claim stuff. So let me, let me just turn that on for your account. Just need to do this.
Amanda Smallmon: And then we got to do something about the calendar too.
Adam Harrison: Okay. Yeah, tell me about that.
Amanda Smallmon: So I can't see anybody else's schedule. Like everybody in my clinic has got to be able to see the schedule for every provider because we cannot schedule for them if we cannot get to the calendar. And we can and we work from our calendar, obviously that's where we spend all day long and we know where we're at. And I like how, I like how like when I read when I reschedule a patient that and I. And I've made some templates and I figured out how to make it do right, I think. But anyways, it'll reschedule them and you know, like put a suggestion on the calendar. Two things about that. I don't know if you can still see my jot soc.
Adam Harrison: Yep, I can see it.
Amanda Smallmon: Okay. So on the schedule, I like that we can see two different views. You agree on that? This view I like. But so you know, it'll put down here like either accept or modify. Once you accept it and like you view session or whatever, you can't, you can't change anything. So like when I go into. Let me just go into here and I'll just give you an example. It gives me an option to modify. And the big, the big thing is this right here telehealth. I still got to be able to modify that. And this right here, it's not, it keeps doing this to me. It's not a therapy follow up, it's a medication follow up. Which changes things. But my people have the freedom to. So I. Not every practice does this. My patients have the freedom of. If I put them in person and they, like, see, they're not going to be able to make it to the clinic or they've got something going on, they can call us and change it to a telehealth. And so. And then right now it's just a change, you know, a few, like, few clicks in Valent for me to change them to telehealth, and it automatically got my. So this is something that you may see different in my system. If you pull over my codes, every one of our codes, there's a duplicate code that has a TH behind it. And the reason it has a th is that's what triggers me to make sure that two things. It tells me it's a telehealth, and it triggers me to make sure to put that modifier 95 on there when I'm doing a review of my billing. So. And I'm sure that this button is what's telling your system to put that modifier on there and make it a telehealth business visit. But my patients have the flexibility of, okay, if you decide you want to come in person, we can change it to in person. It's no big deal. Just show up. Your appointment time is reserved for that time, whether you're in person or whether you're online. And I, once it's one, it. Once I've already said okay and accepted the appointment, I can't. I can't change it. So I need to be able to change that. But we've got to be able to on this. My girls to one. I need to be able to block the schedule for certain things, which that's easy to get around until you can figure that out if you hadn't done it yet. Because I can block, Like, I can make a patient that just says block and I can just block, you know, whatever if I have to. But, like, I block my schedule for lunch meetings. I block my schedule for meetings with you guys. I block schedules when I've got an appointment, I'm going to be out of the office. But, like, right now, the only schedule I can see is mine. And I schedule for my therapist sometimes if my patient says, hey, I missed my therapy appointment, can you schedule me an appointment with Tammy for therapy next week or whatever her next opening is? I need to be able to get it in there and do it. And all my staff, all three of them, I have three main staff. They all answer the phone and they all schedule and they change, reschedule, cancel, whatever they do, all these things so ever. That's the only thing is if you could figure out how I can do that. And then my next request would be, we need more colors because. Well, all right. So, like right now I can look at my schedule on unveiling and I can. I know that I have. So my new patients are going to be an hour long and they're going to be enough. But some of my follow ups will be an hour long enough if I forgot a patient that we're in crisis and we got a lot going on. But my new patients are going to be green. I know that every one of those greens are new patients. I know if it's a lime green, it's a telltalehealth. I know if it's, you know, there's certain colors that we. They're just visual cues. I know that if they're orange, it's a Suboxone and I'm going to have to cash pay that one. I know that. Or you know, I just. It's just a nice way to be able to on the calendar to visually be able to see that. But also sometimes I've seen on some ehrs those colors is what tells the difference between the providers as well. But people have got to be able to see more than one calendar to do. And so I'm the only one that can go in unless I give my login, which everybody has my login. I mean, God, they've got my date of birth, my Social Security number. If I can't trust them with my login and my calendar, then we got issues. But I mean, the only person that can go in here and schedule is me and my secretary is. Who are those three girls are who schedule all my other appointments. And they just know when I'm going to be there and when I'm not going to be there, you know, because I can block it on the calendar. So there's got to be. That calendar is going to have to be worked on for it to work with going to a full ehr, because I live by the calendar and the whole staff lives by the calendar. I also have to have the ability. So here I'm making your life harder probably. Hopefully you've already thought about this. I've got to be able to have the ability to have another schedule. Okay, so like, this is my schedule that I'm looking at, but I've got to be able to flip this schedule over one that says like. So, you know, some people are going to have treatment rooms, they're going to have TMS rooms, they're going to have other treatment rooms. And I have a spravato treatment room. So my spravato patients are all on a separate schedule, just like they were a separate provider. They're all billed under me. All of the billing and everything is still under me. I'm. Everything is built. All the spravato is built under me. But I have to have a separate calendar because when you mix my regular calendar with the Spravato calendar, you can't see crap because everything's so overlapped and it's hard for them to see. Do I have eight patients at 10 o' clock for Spravato, or do I have three? Or, you know, that's. That is the importance. Also color. All of our Spravato are scheduled in red. So sometimes when they accidentally put it on my regular schedule instead of on the Spravato schedule, I can just move it over. It's really easy to switch, but that's where colors are going to be important. We've got to be able to have more than just our personal calendar for treatment rooms, survival rooms. You know, whatever Valent made me do, it is like a whole separate. A whole separate clinic. But it's not a separate clinic. It's just a separate calendar. I just. Needed a separate calendar and a lot of people are going to need that because of that. You know, there's people do tms, there's people that do various different treatment things, light therapy. I mean there's lots of things that you'll set aside a room that you will schedule people for that are not specifically going to be seen by you.
Adam Harrison: I understand. Super helpful feedback. I know scheduling right now is not our like you know, it's not our certainly there's like a lot of room for improvement. So this is all really helpful. I am kind of in real time. If you see me typing, I'm just kind of feeding these back in real time to the team.
Adam Harrison: So color coding, being able to see things across providers, the multiple calendars for, you know, your.
Amanda Smallmon: Yeah.
Adam Harrison: Kinds of patients all makes a time the ability to.
Amanda Smallmon: And you may have it in there. And I hadn't looked the ability to put a note in that calendar. So the other thing that that is important and it is like okay, so like I can see like this patient and I know like just hovering over the calendar. You know, it shows me so much. My nurse puts a note in there. Poppy, shut up. I'm so sorry. I've got a little dog that thinks she's going to guard me from everything. But anyways, she puts a note in there that. Like Spravato we have to do re prior authorizations. Poppy, shut up. She'll put a note in there. Major scores or PHQ9 is due or make sure that when they come in for their appointment that because she does all the prior authors authorization. So she'll put a note in there that you know, be sure and do this or be sure and do that so that I know on that schedule that I make sure that I address that in the appointment. So just being able to put a little note in there on the calendar just kind of cues me when I click, when I go to click on that to do that appointment that that's the things I need to do sometimes. Like if the patient calls randomly through the week and they may tell one of the girls hey, I need to talk to Amanda about, you know, my sleep medicine's not working well, they may put a note in there. You know, be sure to address sleep sleep with patient. You know, just simple note stuff. I mean it could be lots of random different things. But it just kind of on Valen, if you look at my violin. Just look at the schedule and look at my calendar. You'll see a bunch of them with a little in that yellow. It's a circle with that's yellow. It's got an N in it. And I know the girls have put a note in there, and I need to make sure and address something in that visit. And it could be lots of things. I put those on the Sporado calendar, but. Because if I have a patient that has a bad. So you know, it's a psychedelic. So sometimes they have a bad trip basically and sometimes I have to bring them in the room and I end up doing like an extra 20 minutes of therapy. I'll put a note on that calendar, which this will be kind of irrelevant maybe once we get over there, but I'll put a note in there. I spend an extra 20 minutes with that patient. So I make sure that I bill for that extra 20 minutes when I sign off that chart and stuff. So those little notes are just something we've gotten used to using. And most will have that on their calendar. Everybody does their calendar a little different. How they do like Valent when I. When I hover over it or I click, when I click it once, it gives me their phone number so that I can do like telehealth, like put it into my doxy or. And it gives me their copay and just a couple of just small things. It's really a small amount. If I double click on it then it will pop up where I can go to a patient tab and it'll show me their insurance, it'll show me their balance, it'll show me like all kinds of stuff. So the calendar is just like where people are used to living to find things that. And in their chart. But the calendar can be a very useful tool if it's done correctly. And I know it's something you guys are working on, but just keep that in mind that little things like that can make a world of difference on how a clinic flows. There's one other thing that's on violent calendar I've never had before. But I will tell you it's very helpful. You see how our calendar, the calendar you're showing shows like Saturday and Sunday. Also Vaillant gives us the option to do work week which will only show Monday through Friday, which we only work Monday through Thursday. It'd be nice if we could set what our work week is. But it only shows us if we set it to just work week, it'll only show just Monday through Friday and Saturday and Sunday's not on there. We also have the option to start our calendar at. I have everybody started eight in case somebody comes in early for something that we really don't start till 9. And I have it go a little bit longer in the afternoon in case I have to stay late. But then the calendar doesn't get all shrunk up because it's not showing 10 o' clock and 11 o' clock at night because we're not there at 10 and 11. And I used to have a provider who seen patients in the evening, but I don't have anybody now that does that. So we've got our calendar kind of shrunk down because we don't need all the other stuff. So those are just options that would be just things to think about when they're working on and programming and doing and stuff. Valent was just the only one that ever gave us that option, I thought. Pretty cool. So that's pretty. Well mine stays is one the other But I do love actually yours. What I've been working from is this schedule here. I like this. I like this. That I can do one day. It's just going to show me the day to which today obviously I don't have anybody on there but I can work from this. And I do like this. I do like how it's starting to put the diagnosis and stuff in here. So I mean this is awesome. If you could put a note in here this would work. I don't care. Put a note section in there. So I do like the schedule view. I've not ever worked from a schedule view like this, but I do like it.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, no, thank you. This is all again like just incredibly valuable insight into what you know is important to you and what's like missing.
Amanda Smallmon: So yeah, like I said, I like it. I'm learning to use the calendar more efficiently because I was having trouble with the whole 20 minute thing because you guys didn't have a 20 minute slot to schedule. Now my, my.
Amanda Smallmon: If my secretary wasn't a pentecostal preacher's wife she might with cussy when she gets ready to start putting people in here because your options are 15, 30 an hour and other we do. I do a one hour new patient and a 20 minute follow up. And I've explained this tonight before but he's like well you can go in and do this other. I realize that but do you. There's going to be a lot of people I would assume that do this because in billing we bill two codes as a prescriber. Prescriber is so different than a therapist because we bill an E M code based off medical decision making. This is something that is wrong with your billing and it's a matter of writing a rule. I already taught it how to do it once and on my notes side but now it's trying to kick back like when I did the job audit. It's making our scores lower but the we base our EM code off of medical decision making which is way different. And you and I have used a chart. I've got a cheat sheet chart that we use and it's in our valent. It's under our medical decision making. It tells us like you know, it's just a really easy score scoring thing. And then we base our therapy time off the time that we spend. And the thing is is to bill for that add on code 90833 you have to spend at least 16 minutes with it. So a 15 minute appointment is not going to get it. Okay. And I don't spend 30 minutes with it because then I would only be able to see two patients an hour. I do 20 minutes. I can see three patients an hour. And I can bill for that 16 minutes of therapy and I can bill for my medical decision making. The 20 minutes catches it all. It's a perfect time for a provider that is proficient. And I know I'm a talker, but believe me, I can see. I see patients every 20 minutes back to back, all day long. And that's why I see three times the patients that everybody else does in the clinic. But, you know, but I'm also, you know, I'm not doing this. I am addressing a specific issue. I've already spent an hour with them and made a treatment plan. And we're tweaking that plan as we go. We already have, like just a plan that I'm going along with and we're either adjusting medicines, addressing a specific issue that's less brief therapy. You know, what's going on this week? You know, how could we have done that different? You know, how'd that work out for you? You change boyfriends three times this week. That probably didn't go real well, did it? You know, things like that, you know, that I'm addressing in 20 minutes. So that 20 minute appointment right now, I've got it figured out because I'm figured out that when I'm rescheduling them, just to make sure, I say I'm, I'm scheduling you for a medication follow up. And it's put. Putting it on the calendar mostly. Right. Like every now and then it still does this therapy follow up. It's not a therapy follow up, but again, once I hit accept, I can't go in and fix that. Like the one that's showing on there right now, it says therapy follow up. Penny was not a therapy follow up. She was a medication follow up. It's got the time correct. It just, it says therapy follow up. And I'm not sure how that's going to affect the billing side. So.
Adam Harrison: So, well, let's jump into the billing side if that's. I think that's a nice.
Amanda Smallmon: Absolutely.
Adam Harrison: Yeah. So I've turned that onto your account. So would you be able to just refresh your screen and it should, should pop up for you here. So let's go ahead and pick maybe a recent patient that you saw and we'll just kind of walk through how this will work.
Amanda Smallmon: These are all from yesterday, so everybody should be on there. Oh, I didn't. So I didn't look. And I can look back when I just. Okay. So sometimes if they're not on there, obviously I just hit record and then I see the patient. Does it automatically. Add it to my calendar when I do that, if they're not already.
Adam Harrison: Calendar, if you do what? Sorry, say it again.
Amanda Smallmon: Okay, so they'll say like, all right, they're not on my calendar yet because this is new, and I'm just now getting people added, and I, I usually what I'll do is I'll just hit record, and then I'll find the patient, and then I'll start. Will it automatically put them on my schedule for Will it automatically put them on the schedule when I do that?
Adam Harrison: It should. It should.
Amanda Smallmon: Okay. All right. That's what I got. So I seen all these people yesterday. Leah is a UnitedHealthcare because this is one that. Remember I told you I tried to put in the insurance on one? She brought me an insurance card yesterday, and it wouldn't let me do the something don't look right. It looks different. What do we do? Encounter recording. Did it not generate notes over counter? No. Okay. But anyways. But had me. So I thought, well, you know what, this would be a good time to. Since I was seeing those insurance numbers, I thought that he had turned that on. And I went over to wherever that insurance button was. I thought it was over here to the side. Maybe it was somewhere else. Anyways, I tried adding in and the drop down wouldn't work.
Adam Harrison: Okay.
Amanda Smallmon: Look at that. In a minute. You can show me the other. But I did put in she is a uhc. I did see her yesterday. She's going to be a uhc Missouri Medicaid replacement plan. And I do know a few little quirks on that. But you tell me what I need to know from here.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, so actually, one step I forgot I should have mentioned this is we do have a few billing templates that we recommend because it will help you with those like modifiers and other things. So if you go into documentation on the top.
Amanda Smallmon: Okay.
Adam Harrison: And then note templates.
Amanda Smallmon: Okay.
Adam Harrison: And then on the bottom left, if you can browse library.
Amanda Smallmon: I think there's something on the bottom of our notes already.
Adam Harrison: Yeah. And then go ahead and go to the search on the top. And then just type in to the search bar 9, 2. Yeah. Oh, it looks like you added one of them already. So go ahead and add the other one as well. And then you can go ahead and click browse library again on the left. On the bottom. Bottom left. Yes.
Amanda Smallmon: I turned that other one on because I know billing. Not necessarily.
Adam Harrison: Yeah. And then if you can do the same for search for Intake. And then if you scroll down, you should see one with the codes on there. Scroll up a little bit. Yep. The Intake diagnostic evaluation.
Amanda Smallmon: Okay. Yeah, those are. Okay.
Adam Harrison: Let's go ahead and add that. And let's. So now you have those.
Amanda Smallmon: Let's go ahead and hit save because you know what? I hope I hit save.
Adam Harrison: You don't need to hit save now. It already should be there.
Amanda Smallmon: I don't know why it did that. It does that to me sometimes. It just kicks me out and says, you got to start over.
Adam Harrison: I'm sorry.
Amanda Smallmon: You don't do very often. I just figured it was something I was doing or I'd left it open too long. I am that person that I walk out, lock my screen, and just leave. I leave my computer on until it finally, just like you have to restart it. Okay, where do I need to go?
Adam Harrison: So go ahead and go back to that note that we were looking at.
Amanda Smallmon: Schedule. Again. I live on the schedule. Just a. A happy little place for me. So since I already did the note, I do like how this works.
Adam Harrison: Okay. So was this a. Was. Do you know if this was, like, a regular med management or was.
Amanda Smallmon: It is so every. So everything. Me and Kat, most of ours are gonna be med management. The only one that does therapy is Tammy that's going to do straight therapy. Occasionally we will, as a nurse practitioner, do just straight therapy, but we are the only prescriber. Like, unlike the only prescriber, me and her for an hour in any direction. So, you know, we're just. There's too much that we have to do. Midwives. Now, I do have my own little template that I use. So those things that we turned on may be something that needs to be added because I use the salon main template. And there's a reason why. And it was because you guys built me a very specific screener I have to have. And that's my Sprado one. Because we screen everybody for Sprado, but I have to have it because that's what gets our insurance paid. But down at the bottom, and it may be what we turned on. So this is what I've had on for the Girls is this DSM 5 thing. It's not always accurate because I don't know if it's a northeast Arkansas thing, but forever it wanted to diagnose everybody was schizoaffective disorder. I mean, I know that northeast Arkansas is crazy, but we're not that crazy. And so this is not where I. So this is a problem. I argue with this thing all the time. So this is the billing thing, but it might not be the one you had me turn on. It's the billing codes. Ict.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, that'll be. That'll be different. So just. I know we'll have to probably customize this a little bit. So can you go ahead and regenerate this note in a template on the top left either, like with the. With the psychotherapy add on or without, you know, depending on.
Amanda Smallmon: So most of ours it is.
Adam Harrison: Yeah. So you'll. You'll keep your current. Current note. So you don't have to worry about that. So this is going to regenerate this. You know, you don't have to use this template for our billing, you know, and you can obviously like customize it too.
Amanda Smallmon: Well, the thing is, is you guys are. If you don't fix some of this, like especially that E M Medical decision making, you're going to lose the people some money and then they ain't gonna be happy with you. And I don't know. It's got the monitor.
Adam Harrison: Yeah. So this, this might be a little more what you're looking for here. But let's wait for it to load and then we can. We can go through it.
Amanda Smallmon: The A section. So this one. So we actually only. We did spend 20 minutes that says excluding psychotherapy. So here is again where your NM is basing it on time and not psychotherapy, not medical. Well, it says basis mdm. So why is it excluding psychotherapy?
Adam Harrison: You got to scroll down. It'll have psychotherapy a little later, Which we may not.
Amanda Smallmon: We. We didn't. Me and her really didn't talk a whole lot. There's most of the other ones we do. She's restrictive. She don't talk a whole lot. We. We don't need the modifier on her. Her. So this modifier is not needed for add on codes. Our therapy add on codes are like legit add on codes. You don't have to have a modifier 25 for any insurance company risk assessment. We did that. Coordination of care. Yeah. I'm having to deal with her with insurance and stuff. Vital signs, it is not always catching. And I don't know if it's me and the way I talk, it's not always catching. Some of my vital signs, I always do height and weight. I don't always do blood pressure and stuff. But now obviously if I'm doing a beta blocker like it says or something that's going to affect vital signs, I do do it. Supervisor oversight. Nope, we don't have any modifiers and billing justification. Okay. It did do the MDM because we had two problems. Add on code. Is this something that. Is it. Is this what your system is suggesting or is this something that I trained in there or what is this part? Because this is.
Adam Harrison: So this is like what it's suggesting.
Amanda Smallmon: Currently you don't need this. So you need to let. And if your billers are doing this, your billers have got a problem because they ought to know what an actual add on code is versus just adding on a code. So I don't know how proficient. What you know about billing. I'm going to give you just a quick lesson here. If you don't know, if you know, just tell me. I know, but. So you have like your 99214, you have all these like books of CPT codes that you can add on and they're not, they're not add on codes. They're not labeled as add on codes. So if you add that code on, you have to add a modifier 25 to tell the insurance company that is a sub separate, it is a separate thing and it's not related. Okay, but if it is a labeled as an add on code and our therapy coat, there are certain therapy codes. Now there is a 9932 that is also either 32 or 34 that is actually the same thing, but it's just a therapy code and it's for like therapists that just see them for that 30 minutes. Okay, but this 90833 has been set aside separately and is labeled as an add on code, does not need a modifier 25. So you think, well, what's the big deal? Put it on there and they don't need it. Insurance companies will kick this back and say you have unnecessary information on here and that you did not bill it correctly because then you put a code on there that you didn't need. And so this modifier 25 there needs to be a rule written and you guys need to pull up those, those codes from 90832 to 90839 and you need to look at which ones are add on and which ones are just codes because the add on codes do not need, absolutely do not need a modifier 25. Okay.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, yeah, it would be. So just, just so I'm understanding, the modifier always goes on the E M code, right? And then you have the add on code correct attached. So yeah, this would be for what this is saying here is a 99214 with a 25 modifier on that code.
Amanda Smallmon: Right?
Amanda Smallmon: But it doesn't need, does not need it.
Adam Harrison: The 99314 does not need the 25 does not
Amanda Smallmon: need it because 90833 is a add on code. It is labeled and it is, it is the character, the whole definition. It is a add on code. So it's already made to be added on. So that code does not need it. That 99214 does not need that modifier. Now if I had did a 99214 and did the like a, did their yearly wellness exam, I would have to put that, that 25 on there because it's two separate things and they're not related at all. But this add on code of therapy is related to it. It is designed as an add on and to say, okay, we did an ENM, but we also did 30 or 16 to 36 or whatever, 34 minutes of therapy. Okay, it might be 38, but it's 38. So it already knows that. So you don't need the modifier. Okay. So that modifier is just. If you got like two separate things and that are not related. Okay. Oh my God. Let me see. I don't know how to. You may have to see it. So therapy, there's gonna be. There's a start therapy code also. And on therapy codes, this is what these are the, this is the only exception to that rule. So don't you just love exceptions? There's going to be a chart and I'll show you what I'm talking about that there are. Every other code is an add on code. But you pull up that list of those codes, those specifically those. And once one's going to say add on, one's going to just say just therapy time. And that is your difference.
Adam Harrison: So I will, you know, just, just make a note of that.
Amanda Smallmon: Look at, if I find the chart, I'll email it to you because I know I've got a chart somewhere that, that way you, you kind of know. But in your biller should know this if they've done psychiatric billing. And so billers, I love billers. Okay. I love billers. Billers are like, oh my God, they're like so important. But I also have run into billers that are like, they're. They better safe than sorry. But they're better safe than sorry backfires on them and they want to put extra modifiers that they don't need on there. And then I have found in my area and with the national providers that I do see, just like telehealth has to have a modifier that it used to be. You could, you could use a modifier GT or you could use 95. And it seems like there was another one. But what I had found is that across the board 95 is accepted by all of them. And so why complicated. Just make a. Your telehealth modifier of a 95. And so yes, that would be. Would go on. And actually that modifier has to go on both the ENM code and the add on code. It has to be on both because if you don't do it on both, it'll kick it back and say that it's a mismatch.
Adam Harrison: Yep.
Amanda Smallmon: You love me. I'm so sorry.
Adam Harrison: We have.
Amanda Smallmon: But I would just tell you other than that this is correct. This is correct. Okay.
Adam Harrison: We do also have billers who are much. More, you know, experienced and sophisticated than I am. So they will be the ones who will be.
Amanda Smallmon: And they can do. I have argued with Billers. Trust me, I know because I. But the only reason I know this is because I've done my own building for so long and I've seen the rejections, I've seen where the mismatch come. I've seen the error codes that come back. And that's the only reason I know that is because my scrubbers have taught me a lot of it. It's not that I'm just like, super smart or something. It's just the. The. That learning that the hard way. Basically, I went to the school hard knocks, so I just had to. Just had to learn. And you just learn over time.
Amanda Smallmon: But I do like that. Oh, I like the samples to dispense. So my question is. So, all right, so we had to redo this. Can I add. So plan and order. So my. There's already a plan on my template, but can I add, like, parts of this to my template that we already use? Because the template that we use. Because I do like this. I do. Can we add parts of this to the template I already have? Because the template that I have, it's. I'm afraid to move away from it because we have, like, tweaked it to the point that, like, I'm not going to talk to you a whole lot, but prior authorization, we have a 100% success rate because of JOT SOC. A 100 success rate for prior authorizations, for squavato. My note is set up and there is nobody else that does this. And the reason I know there's nobody that can do this other than me is because a expervado has sent people from three different states to come see what we are doing different because we are the only ones that are doing that. I said, I'm telling you. So, yeah, look, I'm advertising again. I tell them, I'm telling you, you've got to have an AI as a JOT soc as my template. They can share it with anybody they want to. They might. I sent you what I needed and y' all built it, obviously. And I said, the insurance, it's bulletproof. The insurance company cannot get through it. I said, if they deny it, we can send them a copy of their. Their own policy, highlight where we've met it, highlight our note, and send a letter of medical necessity. They cannot argue with their own policy. And so they're trying to teach people. Well, I guess across three states, because like I said, they just, like, randomly call me and say, hey, can I bring you lunch? I need to find out how you're doing this. How are you doing this? And I'm like, well, you know, it's my documentation, and it's also my prior authorization. Nurse. We have a process, but it's doable. Everybody can have 100. It's like, so success rate with this template. Can't change it. I will die if my bravado is not approved. So.
Adam Harrison: So, yes. So to answer your question, all of these have you edited, like, Your templates before.
Amanda Smallmon: Not in a while. You. So I've added pieces. It's been a while since I've modified it because I've been terrified to mess with it too much since we got it fixed like that.
Adam Harrison: Yeah. So let's, let's maybe just put a pin in that for now because I will have to run in a minute here and show you the rest.
Amanda Smallmon: I can search it though, like what we did and just like add section. Is that what you're.
Adam Harrison: Exactly, exactly. So if you really liked, for example, the. I think you, you mentioned you like the samples section.
Amanda Smallmon: Yes, I did like that.
Adam Harrison: You could just add that to your existing template. This is just sort of like, you know, you don't need to use this template for billing. This is just kind of like, hey, you know, everyone's in a different starting place with notes.
Adam Harrison: You're obviously much more advanced. Right.
Amanda Smallmon: Well. And I want my people, my nurse practitioners that don't know what I know. I want them to have a tool like this. I do. I just want it to be, you know, I don't want them billing a bunch of 991 213s that are going to pay us $50 where we are legitimately doing 99214s and the documentation is there for it and get paid double that. You know, that will make a huge difference in revenue. But. And most of my people know they should not be billing below a 99214 unless they're doing like somebody just coming in and getting a refill on add meds and they don't have anything else going on. But I mean, my people are all. I got 15, I got. They're like me, they got a thousand things going on.
Adam Harrison: Oh, I'm sure. Yes. So that's.
Amanda Smallmon: I will do that. I will add that on there and then I will have to. So another thing. And you may have already fixed this. I've not done it in a while. Am I going to have to email this to my providers again to update their template or is there a way now to share those templates within the company?
Adam Harrison: There's a way to do it within the company. So when, when, when you feel like, hey, I have my template just the way I want it, you know, it's all good and I want to share it. We can walk through that together.
Amanda Smallmon: Okay, sounds good.
Adam Harrison: All right, so let's do kind of the last thing here, which will be the note signing. So I don't know, have you done signing, signing before?
Amanda Smallmon: Yes, well, yes, but I had turned it off to do complete because, like, my nurse is helping me catch up on notes and I didn't want her to correct. I had to teach them, if you're going to correct it, correct it in jot psych. That way it's completely the same because we copy it over. And I knew that they had told me that it is actually a legal note now, and I needed them to be exactly the same. So that's why I had turned it off, just to say complete so that they would know that they were done with the note. But I knew we were coming to this point where we were going to start signing. And then this brings up my next concern is, yes, I'm going to sign these, man. How are we going to keep these separate from the ones I need to build through the other way?
Adam Harrison: So, yeah, so what will happen is on the top here. We don't have insurance for this patient in here. I don't think so.
Amanda Smallmon: Yeah, this is the one that I manually keyed in. But I don't know if I did it right.
Amanda Smallmon: Okay, well, once it wouldn't give me the drop down.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, once we have all the insurance stuff loaded in, you will see the payer. Like on the top here.
Amanda Smallmon: Yeah, it wouldn't let me select payer, but it put a member ID there.
Adam Harrison: Okay, I see, I see. So, yeah, basically what you would do is you would. There's like a few different steps. You'll click sign. No.
Amanda Smallmon: Okay, I don't want to sign it just yet. I want to review it. Do I have to sign it right now?
Adam Harrison: You can unsign it. So. But you know, I can just show you an example on my screen if you want because I am not like an actual provider. So we can do it from my account if you want that.
Amanda Smallmon: Or I can just find another one that I did because hers is an exception to a billing thing.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, if you want to do a different one, that works too.
Amanda Smallmon: Let me just do that. Let's just look at the documentation. Most of your documentation has been like really good. So we've had to make a few changes. What am I doing on schedule?
Amanda Smallmon: I gotta go back to yesterday. Let's see who's easy. Who's easy? This one is kind of easy. She's well cared. Let's see. Drives me crazy. Let's see if she and hers is one that should not have an exception. This is my most miserable patient that I have. She don't want to be happy. We went through a couple other things. Allergies. So like her. I weighed her when she came in. It didn't put her weight that and I don't know if it's just not picking me up, but I have a conference microphone on my desk that's supposed to reach like 15ft and it gets everything else.
Adam Harrison: Okay, I'm not sure about that.
Amanda Smallmon: I'll keep. I'll keep testing it and make sure that I'm saying it right. If it keeps missing it, I'll let y' all know. But it. That's something that I like. Man. I know I did that medicine. This is all of her medicine. Let me make sure. Like, I got a ton of crap in mind. But I use the same template when they come in and the same template when they follow up. It just makes life easier for me sleep. See the topics discussed. We talked about that. We did talk about all that. Sometimes it mixes me up with my female patients. That's the only reason I look a little closer at this. Because we were talking. Okay, so this is one thing I have to do. Wish it would automatically do this since 37 minutes. We'll save it. Well, we'll just say most of hers was therapy, but want to edit it? Yeah. We just say 30 minutes of that is. I thought I would. I just need this. Do have to put that in. That's what's hard with men management. Is with your man management. Your therapy overlap treatment plan, test scores. We did talk about all those. She is not suicidal. Just playing in the back. So I know my notes are long, but my God, the insurance companies ask for like 10,000 things. Here's the customs provided template y' all bought. Y' all built me. I mean, like, y' all need to, like, mark this as gold selling point for anybody has a spravato clinic. All this other stuff. This is what concerns me sometimes is that this won't match what their billing codes are. But her stuff looks pretty right. Except for we don't have no gas drives going on. And she always talks about her asthma. I don't really treat it. She always talks about it. And then what it says therapy. Add on codes, specify exact minutes. I just did that above. None deal here. We're taking this. And then it didn't. I have this other section I really need to take out. Probably I. Because these are conflicting. Let me take this one out. This is conflicting. It's not a single episode. We ever deal with a single. She just got dramatic. Okay, this is everything that's on mine and it's got the 99214. So this is why I was asking you, you know, by adding that other. Because it does do it on this section. This is not a section I built. This is just one here. So I need to change basically and take this out of my template and then add the new one that you guys made.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, exactly. This billing code section that's in here just doesn't really work that well, to be honest.
Adam Harrison: So that's why we built it.
Amanda Smallmon: That's what I'll do is I'll go in, I'll work on that this evening. I' this one out and I'll put the other one in that you guys have. Because that. I think this was just like one that you originally y' all were probably testing and trying out and I stuck it.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, it was an earlier version and it's just not, you know.
Amanda Smallmon: Okay, so I'll go in and update this. So as far as I'm concerned, this don't. This looks all right. Except for this is obviously not right.
Adam Harrison: Yes, go ahead. And you can kind of edit these later. So. Yeah, you go ahead and like put in the codes you want.
Amanda Smallmon: Yeah, it doesn't take very long. So this was what I was talking about, the add on codes, which is. So if it. The first four were instead of common or you can put like on top of common, you could leave the common underneath it. But like their current diagnosis is plus the common if you wanted to add to it.
Amanda Smallmon: Yeah, but these two are going to be fine. Nobody's going to sla. It's going to make me put minutes in here. Okay.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, you're gonna have to do it again just because that's the way it is right now.
Amanda Smallmon: You know, if you get those two to connected together, that would be totally awesome attestations. What are these? Pdmp? No, I didn't give her anything. Prescribed the bill and co session. So this is interesting. Okay. Oh, this is where our modifiers are. Okay.
Adam Harrison: Yeah. And you'll need to also just pick modality too on the top. Just because you know, that'll obviously be important for billing.
Amanda Smallmon: Yeah. Okay. She doesn't have any modifiers, so we are good. So if we did need a modifier, where would we put that?
Adam Harrison: So that would just go in the note. In the note itself. Yeah, but we, we, you know, we could maybe add something here to the top too.
Amanda Smallmon: Because I mean, so, so this isn't. It's been a long time since I've done rcm. So are your billers going to look. For that modifier. Is that what they're gonna do and they're gonna add it or it's. I'm just used to adding it myself. That's why. And I have mine set on some of that. Like it's auto that if it's telehealth is going to add, you know, the 95. If it's. I just, I'm gonna tell you, I never use a freaking 25 ever, ever, ever, ever. But that's my clinic and my size.
Adam Harrison: So yeah, it'll come from the modality when you select like telehealth or in person. And then also I think whether you need the 25 or not will potentially also depend on the payer.
Amanda Smallmon: From my understanding, there's no payers or for what the codes we use for add on. They're. They don't need them.
Adam Harrison: I tell you.
Amanda Smallmon: Nationally. I mean, I'm just telling you I, I never ever, ever, ever use it when they pay it. If I put it on there, my, my scrubbers, usually my scrubbers catch it and say it's unnecessary, it's not required because it is a add on code. Usually I don't even have to worry about it catches it.
Amanda Smallmon: Okay, so they'll have, they should have. I'm assuming that that study is going to have a scrubber built into it.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, yeah. So we have our own billers on jots like and then steady should have their own scratch scrubbers too. So. So go ahead and sign this and I'll just show you the last step here. Yeah, you can just close out of that. But oh, we have so many pop ups now.
Adam Harrison: And then go ahead and click create claim on the left.
Amanda Smallmon: That's all right. I was covered. We were covering it.
Adam Harrison: Yep, you're good. And then that's the last step. So you don't.
Amanda Smallmon: That's it, that's it.
Adam Harrison: So you don't have to actually do the claim, you know, because that's like what our billing team is going to be doing.
Amanda Smallmon: But if I wanted to, I could.
Adam Harrison: Well, you could. Yeah.
Adam Harrison: So you know, there's not going to be a lot in here right now because we don't have all the patient info.
Amanda Smallmon: Look, her insurance is in there. I'm telling you. I didn't put that in there.
Adam Harrison: Okay, interesting. So yeah, this is like what our billing team would fill out and like, oh, this is good.
Amanda Smallmon: This is good. Doesn't have her charges in there. So are the charges. So you guys are going to put in what our fee schedules are and that's where the charges are going to come from per insurance. Is that right?
Adam Harrison: That's correct.
Amanda Smallmon: It's such tedious work, but, yes, that is good. Okay, well, because we use cap. Well, like most people, we use capture billing. We have just one fee schedule, and it just captures all the charges, so that's cool. That works. Rendering provider. Get there. Look at y'. All. Got my tax. I do know already. Then all we like is charges and insurance, but. Well, make sure the insurance information's right. But I'm going to assume it's right.
Adam Harrison: Yeah. We have to obviously get everything loaded into your account still. So this is. You know. But you could kind of see how this would be. This would show up.
Amanda Smallmon: I'm telling, girl, look, her instrument var in here. I did not put that in there. So somebody's put it in there.
Adam Harrison: Something. I don't know. It's. But I like.
Amanda Smallmon: I don't know. I mean, I'm glad. Glad I. It was exciting. I thought y' all were just like jumping ahead and getting it done, and I didn't realize it.
Adam Harrison: Maybe Nate's working his magic. You know, he's been.
Amanda Smallmon: Maybe. Who knows? I don't really know. But absolutely. That looks very good. You are. Guys are doing a great job on that. So. Look, I'm so proud. And if it's that easy, do you know how easy my life is going to be?
Adam Harrison: Yeah. So.
Adam Harrison: So anyway, this is kind of like this will have to sign this one.
Amanda Smallmon: Oh, interesting.
Adam Harrison: I don't know what this other one is.
Amanda Smallmon: I'm telling you. Can. Is there a way to go to look at this note? I didn't put this in. This is a Missouri health net. This is a Missouri cave. And. And it's okay. It's. It doesn't. And this is my charges because. This is my charges because my 99214 is 200 and my 90833 is $120, which they'll. They won't pay the. The 90833 Missouri. Any of the Missouri Medicaid will not. I can put it on there all day long and they'll just kick it back. But. And it's okay. But this is my charges. And this is his insurance because I know this patient. He's almost 7 foot tall and autistic and he'll kill you if you ain't careful. Some people just leave an impression on you. And he's won. So how did that get there? I'm curious.
Adam Harrison: You know, I will be honest. I do not know that's from September. But. But what I can do is. Yeah, I can look into that for you. But jump here to a call. So.
Amanda Smallmon: Okay, well, just let me know what is a good time for you or whatever. Alex said I'll be around not doing a whole lot for the next week. I'm gonna just be as lazy as I can. It's mental health week for me. And. And then we can look at more. This guy. This is a visit from September, so I'm not sure how it got in there, but awesome. Either way, it's got its insurance. Somebody or somehow getting insurance in there. And more power to you move them all over as far as I'm concerned at this point.
Adam Harrison: Let's maybe put some time for Monday next week.
Amanda Smallmon: Okay.
Adam Harrison: What does your schedule look like for late afternoon on Monday?
Amanda Smallmon: Have no life, literally. I'm off till next Thursday. So whatever time is good for you. Preferably in the afternoon because I like to. Sleep in if I can.
Adam Harrison: Okay. How about 3 o' clock Eastern? I think that would be 2 o'.
Amanda Smallmon: Clock.
Adam Harrison: It's fine. Are you. Is that two for you?
Amanda Smallmon: Yep, that's fine for me. I'm up by 11. I mean, with the latest. I mean, I'm usually up by 9 or 10. I just don't want a 8 o' clock appointment or something.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, no words. So I'm just sending you an invite now. I'll send you an email with kind of the few things that I need on your side. But other than that, you know, we will kind of get to work setting things up and then we'll check in on Monday just on where everything stands.
Amanda Smallmon: Okay. And I'll look back and see if that prescribing for Kelsey later. I'll double back and check that. And if it does, I'll let you know that's where it came from because that's interesting.
Adam Harrison: All right.
Amanda Smallmon: I don't care how it gets there. You know what if they were just finding their insurance and knowing that it's active, then I'll take that too. I'm good with that too.
Adam Harrison: All right, well, thank you, Amanda. Enjoyed the time and I will talk to you next week.
Amanda Smallmon: All right, you have a good rest of your week.
Adam Harrison: Enjoy your time off.
Amanda Smallmon: Oh, I. Trust me, I'm going to. Thanks. Bye. You have a good day.