Becca Bressler: Hey, anya.
Bernie Sanders: Hey.
Becca Bressler: How's it going?
Bernie Sanders: Doing good over here. How's the retreat?
Becca Bressler: It's good. I like my alone time after the last retreat, too. There's kind of that. The three day mark. I'm like, all right, I could just.
Bernie Sanders: For the week. Is it like over tomorrow?
Becca Bressler: Well, so most people are leaving Saturday morning. But I am leaving tomorrow afternoon. Yeah, but it's good and it's, like, productive. And we're doing agent stuff. I don't know if you saw. You're probably on the channel where they put.
Bernie Sanders: Yeah, I saw a couple things with, like, the new Jot Bot or something.
Becca Bressler: Oh, yeah, you're following the Jot Bots. No. Yeah, so. So there's definitely, like, some progress happening over here before we talk about today, because I know we only have one you for one day today, and I think I have, like, a bite size thing for you at least. Like, kind of start taking a crack at. Bite size. Well, you can tell me if that's true, but what? I'm just curious. Like, what are your. I noticed you were, like, looking at Jeremy's figure. So he turned that around in, like, a day and a half, probably from the time he started designing. Like, you know, it took him a few days to kind of, like, think about the problem, go through all of the user types. And, yeah, I would just. I'm, like, curious. Like, as a designer, like, what did you think of his work? And did you know what his project was?
Bernie Sanders: Or were you. I think I. I mean, I didn't get the full, like, brief, but, like, I think I got the scope of, like, Discovery feature rollout, like.
Bernie Sanders: Stuff like that, I mean. Day and a half. I know he's, like, really experienced. Like, I feel like I'm like, okay, he probably knows more than I knew about, like, all that stuff, but. I mean, I think, like, I don't know what he was asked necessarily, like, the fidelity. I think, like, it would be easier to judge it if it was, like, higher because, like, obviously, like, I know that, like, we like to have something. I thought that, like, the engineers can work with, like, higher fidelity. So it was a little hard to be like, oh, is this how it's going to look? But I think, like, I liked. I think some of the ideas about like having the add on tag next to the like a sidebar or something like that
Becca Bressler: settings to me felt a lot cleaner. Like just like account science practice settings in the same place.
Bernie Sanders: I didn't like the like the alerts or like needs attention was like all the way at the bottom of the home screen. And also, like, we're still going to do the homes here, and, like, I feel like that just needs a whole new, like, look. But he probably doesn't know that. It was just, like, working with whatever he saw.
Becca Bressler: I like what's new, though, which, like, I actually think our home page is meant to have. It's just right now it's like patient payments, but, like.
Becca Bressler: Yeah, does seem like, as far as, like, discovery goes, if you're not wanting to disrupt people's workflows too much, like. Or add too much, like, too many banners or things to, like, the parts of the workflow people are in. Do you have any thoughts about that? I'm just kind of curious. Banners in his. Like, the. One of his things was like, the what's new? Kind of on the homepage in the bottom.
Bernie Sanders: Right, right, right, yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I thought that was cool. I think it makes sense more for what's new rather than, like, it needs attention. It was cool. If we have to do the homepage, kind of, like, modular grid thing, like, I think that was cool. And then having it be like, if there's nothing new. It's like, what was happening. And then you can, like, link to the website or whatever. So I did like that. And then I liked how he, like, put the, like, length of the tutorial or whatever the video, it was going to be, like, right in the same box. In the same, like, kind of card that was helpful and clean. I mean, yeah, there's, like, stuff he, like, doesn't know, obviously. Like, how, like, the data showed that, like, the tutorial we currently have, like, doesn't work.
Bernie Sanders: Yeah, well, so I often know about that, but. And I think, like, animations would obviously be cooler or, like, a GIF would be cooler for. Like, the features, but I assume he just, like, did the Mid Fidelity or something and didn't.
Becca Bressler: It was like, kind of, like, move fast. Let's see, like, take off a chunk of it. Like, see how far you get with, like, a date, you know, a couple days. I'm just curious, though, to pick your brain, like, needs attention. So here's, like, an example of the type of thing we would want, which is. You know, a user hits a paywall and they don't have control over upgrading because they are like a clinician at a group. We want. You know, right now it's like, contact your practice administrator to upgrade. Ideally, there's some type of flow where they can be like, request upgrade from your administrator and then later learns about it. What like that is like an example of like needs attention,
Bernie Sanders: but something that you wanted from him but didn't get.
Becca Bressler: No, I think that's kind of what he was thinking about is like the need attention on the home screen. Potentially like that might be a request from one of your practice.
Bernie Sanders: Right, right, right, right.
Becca Bressler: But, like, I'm curious because, like, one way of doing it is, like, oh, you don't have this need attention thing on the home screen, but it's a notification, you know, and maybe that's the way to handle it. Like, and he showed some of that stuff because, like, some of the stuff that's going to need attention for practice in history is going to be due to, like, billing. You know, it's going to be, like, billing issues, and you don't want to, like, muddy that with, like, your practice or one of your clinicians wants this feature. So.
Bernie Sanders: Yeah, I mean, I liked what he did with like, the notification, like, icon just having it right there, like, at the top, and, like, it kind of dropping down. Like, it kind of looked like the figma notifications, where it was, like, super simple. Like, not like a huge thing, like, taking over the whole page.
Bernie Sanders: It just kind of like, I don't know how that would look like a ton of notifications. But, I mean, figma does it. So you just kind of scroll.
Becca Bressler: Yeah, I mean, it's like notion too, you know, I think, at least. Oh, no, Notion is like an inbox, maybe. Okay. I'm kind of going off on, like, tangents because I actually think it won't take us that long to talk about ultimately, like, not to bury the lead. Like, patient page. Like, our patient page is, like, kind of a disaster and so fun to, like, have you kind of think about it, like, from, like. An information hierarchy perspective, like. But I do want to ask you, you know, I know we haven't, like, regrouped about this as a team, but we talked about this, like, a couple months ago, and it was, like, your interest level in doing this full time in, like, joining us. And obviously, I know you had some like, concerns. I'm curious, like, where your head's at now. Do you kind of feel exactly the same way you felt before? I just kind of want. And this is not, like, an official conversation. I just kind of wanted to gut check with you because, like, you know, you and I are in the touch more. You know, we don't have.
Bernie Sanders: It doesn't. Yeah, I mean, like, I'm definitely intrigued. Like, I'm like. I wouldn't say no. Like, off the bat, I guess I, like, want. To know more about, like, what the offer is directly, and then I'm like, Is it the move right now or is it, like, something I would do later? You know, like, as I'm a little bit more, like, I feel more confident that, like, I could, like, do this full time. Like, that's kind of, like, where I'm at, because it's like, I also don't. Want to, like, fumble. Like, I don't want to, like, get it and then be like, oh, my God, what am I doing? Like, I can't handle this full time or something. So it's kind of like I want to build my confidence up a little bit, but I also am intrigued and, like, you know. Think I could, like. Yeah. I mean, it'd be helpful to know, I guess, like, what the actual, like, offering be officially. Yeah.
Becca Bressler: As far as the confidence stuff goes, like, I totally understand you, but you should know, like, you're delivering great work. And this company takes hires, like, very seriously and does not, like, is not interested in extending them to people that they don't feel really confident in. And, like, nothing about your work has felt like we would be taking a risk, if that makes sense, you know? I think the risk is if it's not a good fit, like, for you, like, as far as, like, the thing that you want. Because obviously, like, we want to bring someone on who's game to kind of dive into this world with us, but not to. Not to, like, invalidate your feelings, because I totally.
Bernie Sanders: Yeah. No, no, no. I appreciate it. Yeah.
Becca Bressler: But you should just know, just, like. Yeah, there's a lot of chatter behind your back about, like, how well you're doing and how good your work is. And it's not meant to be behind your back, but it's, like, in passing conversations, you know? Oh, my. God, her job. Audit work was, like, stellar. So. Yeah, I just want to say that. Okay, well, let me, like, talk to the team. Because I do think there's, like, Just to be, like, super frank, I think, on rn, that's like, oh, like, we don't know that she really, like, wants to do this with us. And it's, like, causing sort of, like, hesitation on this end to, like, I think, put forward more of an official offer, if that makes sense. Because, you know, it is, like, hard. We do work hard. We, like. You know, that said, it's like, I don't work every weekend, you know, Like, I don't, you know, not every. Like, it's. Anyways. Anyways. Okay, cool.
Bernie Sanders: I just want to. Yeah, One other thing I can say is, like, when I started. When I, like, first met Nate and I did, like, the pitch deck for them, Like, the thought of working full time was like, absolutely not. And as I worked on product, like, even at the beginning, I was like, I don't know. And, like, as I work more and more, like, I could see it. So I think it's just like, you know, my answer right now might not be my answer. And, like, six months, a year or something also, so, like, I. Yeah, I. I totally understand, like. The hesitation, I guess, if I don't seem like I'm game, like, I want to be game two, but like, I want to be game if I'm there, you know, so it's like. Yeah.
Becca Bressler: There is a real desire to bring on a full time designer, though. Like, we have, like, needs and, and. It's not even just, like, full time. It's, like, flexibility. Like, the Thursday Friday cadence is hard for us, you know, and, like, we're obviously making it work and we're getting, like, great work from you. But it, like, the ideal world, if we, like, bring on a designer, is. And even the ideal world of a freelancer, if I'm being honest, is like, being more embedded in the team. Like, it's not just me and you. It's not just like, you know, these, like, Thursday morning kickoffs, Friday morning check ins, and then, like, you know, it's like designer, like, joining. Like, the engineers, like, daily, like, stand up and, like, being in closer communication.
Bernie Sanders: So, like, I mean, do you see it being, like, a bunch of designers? Like, how Nate was talking about, like, a team of contractors? Like, or is it like, I don't want that.
Becca Bressler: Like, and. And we don't want that, like, the team.
Bernie Sanders: Of contractors.
Becca Bressler: I think, like, is coming from a place of, like, we have been looking for someone who would be wanting to come in full time, like, you know, or seem like it. And we're not getting a lot of, like, good talent. And so the, like, desire for the roster, honestly, has everything to do with, like, the flexibility of being able to, like, tap someone on a Monday, tap someone on Tuesday, taps on a Wednesday. Like, it's not because of, like, the lack of what we're. It's not because of, like, a lack of talent at all on. On you. It's like, Yeah, it's. It's. I don't know how much longer the team. Not that this is like imminent, like, we obviously want to keep working for you, but just to super transparent, like the idea of kind of this arrangement for like six months to a year to then see if you're like, ready to. Come on. Is probably not, like, super ideal for us as, like, a timeline. Anyways, I just kind of wanted to, like, gut check with you. Hopeful to know that. It feels like what I'm hearing from you is like you're moving in that direction as far as not with certainty, but, like, it's becoming more appealing over time.
Bernie Sanders: Like, I think I have this, like, fear that, like, you know, like, I'm, like. I don't even know if it's, like, a rational fear because, like you said, I'm doing great work and, like, you know, I feel like I tend to kind of, like, be a perfectionist about certain things, but. Yeah, it's more just like. Oh, like, you know, it's just kind of that, like, little voice where you're like, will I be able to handle this? Like, you.
Becca Bressler: And by handle it, like, do you mean, like, deliver good work because of your sort of, like, level or how long you've been doing? This or handle it? Do you mean like the. The. Like hours, the cadence? Or is it both?
Bernie Sanders: Well, yeah. I mean, I guess it's like, okay, I feel like I'm fresh to this. Like, obviously, I had no product experience until you guys. And then, like, those people who come in, like, Jeremy or, like, the previous guy, like, what was his name? Ryan. And you're, like, super experienced, and I was like, oh, they were like, you know, doing things different. So I'm like, do you guys want this? You know, like, I'm not, like, a professional in the same sense. So, like, there's that here. And then I guess, like, I do have, like, questions of, like, I guess I don't know. What the lifestyle would be. And then I'm like, I have questions of, like, why the last guy left so early, the last designer, and, like, that kind of thing, too.
Becca Bressler: Let's, like, I don't know if you want to have that conversation with, like, Nate and Jackson, too, or I can answer some of those questions just for, like, 15 minutes into it. But the quick answer to Kramer is, like, he was, like, a strategy senior level designer who, like, wasn't working fast enough, like. It just seemed like it had been a long time since he was, like, in Figma, like, pushing pixels, you know, and there was just, like, constant pushback around, like, what we were asking for because we weren't thinking about it from, like, a workflow perspective. Like, he just wanted to take more time. He wanted to be more, like, thoughtful, do more thinking about, like, workflows. And it was like, totally get it. That is probably best practice in design. We are making the trade off right now because of the speed we're moving at to, like, not adopt those, like, best practices and instead indexing towards speed. So, like, that was, like, the mismatch is like. He just didn't want to be like. Nate's called it like a block and tackle contributor, where, like, we have a project and we're like, this is what we want your project to be like. Let's see. Designs. You know what I mean? So that is, like, fun and, like. Yeah. And it was hard to communicate with him. Like, he's a very abstract communicator because he would talk about workflows, and we were like, what does mean. Super reasonable and rational that you would, like, want to know, but, like, the things that we had issues with. Him had, like, not presented here and at least, like. From my vantage point haven't seemed like an issue for you. Like, I don't get the sense that we're, like, asking you to do something and you're like. But guys, like, the workflow, like, we. You know what I mean?
Bernie Sanders: Yeah. I don't even. It could be a benefit to not even have that experience of seniority.
Becca Bressler: Like, you're asking good questions, but you're not, like, pushing back on our desire to, like, move quickly, you know? So, yeah, just to give you that. Okay, let's, like, dive in and we can, like, continue this conversation, basically, like, given you just have a day. Again, not that this isn't, like, a challenge, but our, like, patient page is, like, a disaster, as you've probably noticed. I don't know how much you've looked at it. Let me just, like, share my screen.
Bernie Sanders: I'm going to need a message, Jackson, because my, like, trial is up.
Becca Bressler: Oh, I can help you with that. If you just, like, text. If you just, like, DM me the email associated with your account, I can help you.
Bernie Sanders: I got it.
Becca Bressler: So, like, okay, so if a user starts, let me just, like, give you some, like, thoughts about this, but I kind of want to, like, let you run with it. So this just like for awareness. If someone has prescribing enabled, this will say prescribe. I think like this is where on the page a user could prescribe. Just to give you context, like, so you have the full picture of, like, what this page looks like. Here's like, a couple thoughts about it. So, one, we obviously, like, ought to have some sort of, like, consistency amongst, like, this and. Like, right. Like there's just like. No, I don't know if consistency is the right word. Uniformity or whatever. Like across, like, the patterns, the, like, hierarchies, etc. Obviously, there's, like, more real estate here for all the information, so, like, we wouldn't want, like, the patient page to, like, you only be able to, like, access this information this way, but, like, it just does seem from, like, a path. Like, it just. You know, I'm sure you feel this way, too, and. Have articulated this. There's some amount of, like, consistency we want to bring across the patient. Right. Like, that's following the patient on the note on the recorder, and it ought to, like, kind of follow them here. Other things to, like, flag for you is I think there's, like, a real lack of. Hierarchy. That makes sense. Or even, like, categorization. That makes sense. Right? So there's like, forms, which is like assessment. So it's like Gad7 intake. Like, so it's like intake form. That's what you do when someone is a new patient, right? And you're, like, collecting information from. Them. 7phq9. Maybe you do that at the top, but that's also like a reoccurring form that you're like giving your patients sometimes every single week. Then there's like patient documents, which is like post visit summaries if you do that. Or I think like labs end up in here, right? So, like, let me even do this. Like. Oh, it doesn't even say it here. Labs end up in here like. Let's see. Forms are probably. I don't even know if all forms are here. And, like, labs and documents are here. Payment history. So, like, if you're doing, like, this kind of stuff or billing, like, ends up here, like, invoices. And that's just because this page is already so chaotic that we're, like. It feels like we just need another, like, place for it that's, like, extremely not obvious. So I think there's just, like, Yeah, there's just something, like, a lot of other thing to know is, like, stuff that I think is, like, extremely not obvious about this is like, you can actually, like, configure your medication and diagnoses to have. Whatever you want. So you can click manage columns. Maybe you've done this. But, like, depending on what you want to see in the patient's profile, like, you have the ability to configure all these different things so that you can see, like, frequency, dose, amount, et cetera. But, like, no, how could you? Possibly, like, figure that out. Do you know what I mean? Like, that. I don't even know what happened there. Like, like, it's just extremely not obvious that like, this is configurable. I think that it's the same for like, diagnoses, like, you know, the like ICD 10 code, the. Start, end date of a diagnoses, like, is it active, etc. So there's just like a real problem there. I also just. Clinicians all have different opinions about what's the most important thing to them when they look on the patient page.
Becca Bressler: And so there's some amount of like, customization that I think we want to offer probably around, like, how you can organize this.
Becca Bressler: One of the things that you can configure no one really knows about is if you see this, like, change sections button right here. This. You, like, remove or add, though? I don't even know, like. What it would mean to, like, add one of these to the patient page. Like, that becomes its, like, own block, basically. Yeah, I guess. Like, if you want to be tracking a particular score, but, you know, it's not like you can, like, move these around and maybe you don't want that, maybe it's not. Something that, like, I don't know if you've seen, like, stat SIG dashboards, how there are these, like, blocks that you can, like, reorder. But I guess, like, like, as just like a quick or first pass, it'd be cool to just have you think about, like, consistency on, like, how we're tracking the patient. Some type of, like, hierarchy that makes a little bit more sense than what we've got now as far as, like, forms and documents go. So these are the encounters. So this is how someone could either, like, reach their note if the note has been created. And. And we know users, like, use this. Like as. Like a quick. Pending is like before. The note's been created, but the encounter has been created. Which I think, like, honestly just means there's, like, a calendar appointment for it. Like, I don't even know, like, looking at this, what it means by. Like, I actually don't know by looking at this, like, why this is pending. So, like, 36. What does that even mean? Is that because. It's like, because 36. There was like an appointment created, but there's no recording attached to it.
Bernie Sanders: Got it.
Becca Bressler: Ok, so it's like pen. But it doesn't make sense to see that in the past. Like, that makes no sense. You know what I mean? Like, just because it was created.
Becca Bressler: In my view, at least. I can't think of like, a use case where that would make sense. Except, I don't know, actually, maybe that's not true because. Oh, it doesn't make sense if there's no recording attached to it. So, like, if there was a previous encounter that hasn't been turned into a note and there was, like, a recording, then it makes sense to be pending because it's like you haven't created this note yet. Like, this is a. This is. But, like, the thing I just showed you had no recording attached to it. It was a calendar event in the past. Like, doesn't make sense to show that, probably. Do you have any questions where I keep just like, rambling?
Bernie Sanders: Um. Yeah. So, like, everything's, like, up for grabs. Just, like, the whole page. This is like, just fix it.
Becca Bressler: I think so. And I think things to notice, like, last encounter is still really important for people to, like, do. The thing is, is I don't know how many people use the treatment plan, but, like, in a world where they do. This. It is important. Like people care about medication. Timeline, though. This doesn't even work. Um, I don't think. So I would say, like, up for grabs if you have, like, questions. About importance or hierarchy, like. Put them in the designer channel. Just be like, And we're doing, like, a lot of, like. Pakistani kind of agent stuff, but, you know, I'll. We'll. We all have our computers open and stuff like that.
Bernie Sanders: Um, okay. And then the patient contacts bar. Is that like, do we want to carry elements of that in? Are we kind of like that's something else, like.
Becca Bressler: Well, I'm curious what you think, because in my mind, I'm like, this should follow the patient. Like, this is what.
Bernie Sanders: Like.
Becca Bressler: But. But is it unnecessary if we have. I mean, this is not that, though, actually. Like, it's. It's. We probably do want it, right?
Becca Bressler: Like, the purpose of it is, like. Quick access to certain amounts of patient contact. And, like, maybe we don't want to have to have people scroll and open.
Bernie Sanders: I mean, yeah, it would be nice if you could, like, easily switch your patient to, like, without going back. You just be like, oh, wait, I actually want to see this overview of this person, like,
Becca Bressler: being able to switch it from here.
Bernie Sanders: Yeah. Like, even.
Becca Bressler: Yeah, that's a really smart idea, too. Right? So, like, kind of similar in the way that you can, like, you know.
Bernie Sanders: Yeah.
Becca Bressler: Yeah. Like, I would say, just, like, play around with it. And. Yeah, so. And some people do use this, too. I'll say, like. Record now, like, getting to the recorder this way. Not many, but I've been surprised or I don't know how many. I haven't looked in the data, but, like, even just yesterday, I was on a call with a clinician and it seems like she does this, so I was kind of surprised. And it's like, this doesn't need to be this. Well, I don't know. Like, ultimately, this became this big because when it was like, a box in a corner. Can you see my cursor? Yeah. So ultimately, like, when it was a box in a corner, it was, like, so much visual clutter. That. This, like, created some type of organization that was, like, a little bit easier, a little bit less of that. Said, like, maybe this isn't the best use of this real estate, you know? But. But I don't know if you remember it like, this literally used to be, like, a small box here. All this stuff moved up, and it did just make the page look really. It looked. It made the page look more compact than this, is what I'll say, yeah.
Bernie Sanders: Okay? Yeah. Got it.
Becca Bressler: Do you have any other questions?
Bernie Sanders: Or does that feel like a good. I feel like that. I mean, yeah, I definitely, like, want to redesign this. Like, I have, like, yeah. So I think that I'll just, like, whip something up. I do, like. Have a little time tomorrow morning, Honestly, like, if there's, like, some revisions that are like, whatever, or if you wanted to meet to go over it, but cool.
Becca Bressler: This is the type of thing too, if possible. I know you only have a day, but like to almost see like a couple different versions of right. Like there are a lot of trade offs you have to make in this page, which is like as far as information hierarchy goes, at least like in my imagination. And I could be totally wrong. But it'd be interesting to see a couple versions where you're making, like, this trade off and, like, versus this trade off. As far as, like, what's the most important thing to. Yeah. Does that make sense?
Bernie Sanders: Yeah, for sure.
Becca Bressler: Okay, so. Yeah. So don't feel like you have to deliver us, like, one perfect thing, but, like, seeing a couple different ways of doing this could also be really helpful.
Bernie Sanders: Cool, cool, cool. Yeah, I can do that for sure. Okay, yeah, I'll just send the link. Later and then about it, like.
Becca Bressler: And do some stuff tomorrow, too.
Bernie Sanders: That's cool.
Becca Bressler: Okay, Amazing. Um, I'm going to go run downstairs for a meeting, but, yeah, ping me if you need anything and I'll thank you
Bernie Sanders: for access real quick so I can get in there.
Becca Bressler: Oh, got it. Right. Because you need. Okay, let me. Okay? Fake doctor. I love that. Okay. So creative. I'm just gonna do, like, 90. I'm just gonna do, like, a year. Why not? Oh, I think it has to be, like, less than a year.
Bernie Sanders: Okay, thanks. Okay.
Becca Bressler: Amazing. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. I'll talk to you later on. Thanks so much.
Bernie Sanders: All right, thank you. Bye. Bye.