Christopher Hume: Hey, Kevin. How are you?
Kevin Johnson: I'm well. How are you?
Christopher Hume: Good. Great to. Great to virtually meet you. Happy Monday.
Kevin Johnson: Happy Monday. Happy Monday. Yeah, likewise. Thanks for having us.
Christopher Hume: Of course, of course. So I guess to kick off I'll just introduce myself. My name is Chris, chief of staff here at JOT Psych. And so a lot of my role is just kind of learning about potential customers, telling them about JOT Psych, answering any questions they might have. And so that's what I would love to use kind of this meeting for, Kevin, is just to learn a little bit more about you and hopefully get to answer some of your questions about job psych. That sounds perfect. Not to put you on the spot, but we'd love to learn about you.
Kevin Johnson: Yeah, totally, totally. Yeah. Yeah. So I'm Kevin Johnson. I'm a medical director at a clinic named Delivery Resources. It's a mental health integrated healthcare clinic. So we see, you know, therapists, we have psychiatric prescribers, primary care. And so we see a pretty high volume of folks for different capacities that they're within the realm of mental health. I also have a private practice for which I do use JAD Psych personally. So I use it to help with getting notes. And I've noticed there's been quite a few updates lately that has made much easier to use, much easier to edit, which is really nice.
Kevin Johnson: So I've been using job site for just over a year now.
Christopher Hume: Wonderful.
Kevin Johnson: Okay. Yeah, so it's been really good. And so I. At our clinic, we've been talking a lot about how we can integrate AI or have AI help us with, you know, taking note, taking faster, make things easier. We have done a trial with a. Another company called Ambient. Okay. Which integrates right into our electronic medical record to some extent, not completely. So I, I've been, you know, but they're really expensive. So I've, I've been kind of looking around, see what other options are out there. At least give our clinic a chance to use this technology, you know, and utilize it. But, but, you know, not have it be. I don't pay off for something if they're not going to use it.
Christopher Hume: Yeah, no, no, that certainly, certainly makes sense. And I guess from you said, you know, you want your clinics looking at these different scribes. What inspired you to sort of, okay, now it's time for us to use AI. Is it billing? Is it time saved? Were there audits? What was kind of that tipping point for you?
Kevin Johnson: Definitely time saved. Yeah, definitely time saved. So we've had a pretty large influx of those with mental health issues coming in, a lot of people needing intakes. So the challenge is. Is balancing all of that with what we need for documentation. Yeah. So because we're, we're a community mental health behavior health clinic, we have all these regulations that we have to follow that have to include certain things. So you know, so that, that makes things even challenging from a note taking perspective. But I'm really. My main goal here is to, to minimize burnout.
Christopher Hume: Okay. No, that, that certainly makes sense and you're not the only one who has shared the. That that concern. And then how, how big is the. The team? So you said you have your therapist and you have your prescribers about.
Kevin Johnson: Yeah. So for our prescribing team we have about nine prescribers and we're doing hiring to add a couple more therapists. I'm not entirely sure. So I as medical director I oversee the prescribers. Not really the therapists though. Because I, I do know just from using JOT Psych that there are features that can be used for therapy. You know, because actually I use it for therapy for my private practice when I do therapy there. Yeah, but, but so, so that my goal is to have a prescribers at least started for a therapist search and joining on they can. I think we have just under 100.
Christopher Hume: Wow. Okay, perfect. And then I guess sort of before kind of I can jump into a presentation, I can drop come to a demo. But Kevin, I mean you know the software I'm sure quite well. So I want to be really. Yeah. Make sure we hit the high points here. How does sort of billing and kind of submitting to insurance or maybe Medicaid, Medicare work for you now how does that process work?
Kevin Johnson: So we have a billing team and so we do our own. We choose which code that we use. 992-14-99213. 908, three or four things like that. And then it goes to the billing team to process. Okay. That's pretty much all we do. We haven't really had many issues aside from choosing the right code or putting in the right encounter, things like that. I do notice job site has that functionality, you know, kind of suggesting codes to use and even suggesting diagnosis, things like that. But I don't really use that portion very much. I really use it more for the history of present illness and the assessment and plan really. And then also just for the general history portion too. I was able to adjust my template to collect data in the way that I like it.
Christopher Hume: Perfect. So you've trained it, you've adjusted your template. You're doing all the work for me. Kevin. This is a good intro call because you know everything.
Kevin Johnson: Yeah.
Christopher Hume: Yeah.
Kevin Johnson: Well, that's what I like about this because. I don't know. Have you heard of ambient before?
Christopher Hume: I've heard of them. I. I'm not super familiar with their specifics, though.
Kevin Johnson: Yeah, I mean, their main thing is they. They really built for primary care. Okay. You know, so. Because our primary care team, they use it. And they love it because they, they have a record and then it goes right into their electronic medical record for the psych notes. It doesn't completely integrate with our psych notes. That's the problem. So. And when I did the trial for it, or sort not trial, but pilot for it, I just, it wasn't very descriptive. Just kind of the bare basics, you know, things that you would expect a primary care person to get. I mean even on the psychiatry setting, it's pretty bare bones. I wasn't very happy with it. And they didn't really offer the option to adjust like for example, like the hpi. You know, I like putting that in bullet point form as opposed to paragraph form. And the fact that I can do that is very helpful. Whereas the Ambient, you're kind of just taking whatever you get situation.
Christopher Hume: Okay, yeah, well that's really helpful. I think kind of one last question, general question, then we can start getting through some of the job site stuff. But what ehr do you use, Kevin?
Kevin Johnson: So next gen.
Christopher Hume: Next gen.
Kevin Johnson: Okay, yeah, yeah, it's not the best but. But yeah. And the thing is too, so next gen and Ambient, they actually partner with each other as well. So that's part of the reason why I think Ambient is easily able to link into next gen the, you know, so even when I brought up the idea of going to other AI softwares, you know, I got some looks because I think there's this incentive to use this next gen connected item. But I still want to just do some exploration, see what else is out there that could be better clinically for your staff.
Christopher Hume: Okay, well, perfect. So that's all really helpful. Kevin, I'm happy to now kind of hopefully answer your questions and discuss sort of next steps here, but just to sort of level set before we're off to the races. What would be the most helpful for you to get out of today? Is there any information you need to kind of bring to your team to make a decision? Would you like me to tell you that how we could set up a pilot for you? What, what is like the best outcome for the rest of this meeting?
Kevin Johnson: So setting up a pilot like and just how your clients like a strategy they use to integrate into their EMRs.
Kevin Johnson: Because I, I mean, I think realistically, you know, I, I mean if you do have a way to integrate into an emr, that'll be great, but I, I would be very surprised if that were the case because I, I think they're very selective in terms of who they allow. But those, those main things is, is the, you know, setting up a pilot and. Oh, so consent.
Christopher Hume: Getting out.
Kevin Johnson: Of course. Yeah.
Christopher Hume: Okay, well, let's do so set up a pilot. Cost EMR consent, so emr. I can't make any promises because I'm not. Familiar with Next Gen, but we're actually rolling out a Chrome based integration. And so what we could do is if and when we set up a pilot we could see does our current Chrome extension, does it work for you guys or are there some small tweaks required? So it could work with Jetsych and Next Gen. What happens is you have NextGen open in whatever your browser, you open up the JOT Psych extension and it fills out all of the text blocks in that note. Off the top of my head, I'm not sure the structure of NextGen, but it's something I know we successfully rolled out for a customer who uses Dr. Chrono and we rolled that out last week. There's certainly an opportunity there that we could roll out a pseudo integration to really cut down on the copy pasting.
Kevin Johnson: Yeah, yeah. And it may work for my private practice because I do use a web based EMO for my private practice office ally. NextGen is like a separate.
Kevin Johnson: Is it a separate. Yes.
Christopher Hume: We don't use Chrome.
Kevin Johnson: I'm guessing.
Christopher Hume: I'm guessing no. There might be some there, but let me check with the engineers with eng. Let me now pull up kind of the presentation. We can hit kind of all those other questions. Kevin, Perfect. So you're familiar with a lot of this, so we're. I won't go into too great detail. I think just the one thing in this beginning part here that I want to flag for you that is probably a little different from where when you started using JOT Psych is that we are kind of all in on reducing audit risk and increasing and ensuring that clinicians can get the appropriate revenue from their notes. So with some of the upgrades and updates you've seen recently, it's all revolved around if you have a perfect note, it makes everything easier down the line. It makes reimbursements easier, it makes the billing teams, administrative work easier. God forbid there's an audit, it makes those easier. So that's kind of how we see ourselves. And aside from the quality of the note, just inherently, if it's better, that's a better experience for you and your team. I think that's sort of, this is the value that the team will see. So you're familiar with how JOTTEC works. Flag that we have again, we're uploading now rules into the backend from various payers. So we have kind of standard rules that are on everyone's account that they can access. But then if you have custom pair requirements or payer contracts for your team, we can actually upload those into job site and then the notes will be crafted in a way that sort of lines up with expectations on the first go round. And then the part that I find really exciting, maybe because I'm a little nerdy or maybe because I'm not an engineer. And it all seems like magic to me, is that now with these new JWT audit features, it will call out why the note is structured in a way, explain the rule that it's lining up to, and it will flag for providers like, hey, you missed a suicidality check in this section. This is going to be an issue when you submit it if you're audited.
Kevin Johnson: Gotcha.
Christopher Hume: Additionally, for administrators such as yourself or your colleagues, it'll offer sort of a bird's eye view. Bird's eye view of your entire team's notes. Of course, you can review everyone's notes, but it will also do kind of an automatic quality assessment. Hey, looks like they missed quite a few rules in this note. Looks like the CPT code does or does not line up with what they input. So the whole idea is just to lower risk on all of you and make your team a lot more confident with their billing.
Kevin Johnson: Gotcha.
Christopher Hume: Then, of course, with Jot Psych, you can generate documents as well. I'm not sure. Is this something you've ever been able to play with, Kevin?
Kevin Johnson: Yeah, I've generated lab orders before with this. Wonderful. So I haven't seen what other documents can be generated. I mean, imagine like letters, excuses for work, things like that.
Christopher Hume: I mean, letters.
Kevin Johnson: Yeah. So I mean that there's a functionality like that in NextGen as well that we use just that integrates in automatically. But I mean, you know, it would be helpful to get the text that would be needed
Christopher Hume: perfect and then, you know, customize your templates. You're familiar with that. We have forms as well, and your patient overview. But again, probably quite a bit of experience with this already. So then just to flag. Of course, as you know, we're fully HIPAA compliant. We share a BAA with the organization. And then in terms of consent, you know, we defer to the organization. Whatever you think is best, but what we can provide you with is a standard consent form that a lot of our customers have used to great success. And then also kind of guidance for your providers on how to bring this up with their patients. If and when we talk, Kevin, we'll make sure they have those resources readily available.
Kevin Johnson: Perfect.
Christopher Hume: Then. We've done over 1.8 million notes. Save a lot of time, notes get submitted sooner. But you're kind of familiar with all that already. So I would like to just kind of pause for a second here and we can talk about the pilot first. Let me see. I know. Kevin. Running a million miles a minute. You're getting the advanced version of the presentations. It's your current user, so. Sorry, I moved a little fast there, but any questions or anything like that about what I've reviewed so far?
Kevin Johnson: Nothing Currently, no.
Christopher Hume: Okay. Well, then I think this kind of brings us to the discussion of a pilot. If you'd like, the team, your nine prescribers, as many of the therapists as are interested, we have three options for them. So we have two weeks completely free. We just give everyone access. We put you all in a group together. You and whatever administrators you'd like get access to the administrative tools. Your providers get access to all the provider tools. The end of two weeks, you make a decision if you'd like to proceed and with whom. Four weeks, a little bit more hands on. If you'd like, we'll do an in person training. We'll create custom templates for the team. And then six weeks is just a little more time. And those are 499 and 999, respectively.
Kevin Johnson: Gotcha. We'll get a copy of the slide by any chance at the end?
Christopher Hume: Yes, certainly. I'll send it to you as soon as we wrap.
Kevin Johnson: Yes. Yeah, thank you. That'll be nice to see. So when you said unlimited seats, so that means for like, you know what, doesn't matter if it's 5 prescribers, 10 prescribers, 15 prescribers, it's the same. Yeah. Do they each get their own login?
Christopher Hume: Yep. Yep. They each have their own distinct account. What we typically do for the four and six weeks is, Kevin, you and me, or me and one of your providers have worked together to make sure that we have a really good template built. We'd share that with the entire team and then we'd kick off the four or six week pilot. So that's typically how we. We run the longer ones. Okay, gotcha.
Kevin Johnson: And in person, where y' all based?
Christopher Hume: We're based in dc, but we'll travel so far. We've traveled all over the contiguous United States. Haven't gone to Hawaii or Alaska yet, but I think. Are you up in Syracuse, Kevin?
Kevin Johnson: Did I see that?
Christopher Hume: Yep. Oh, that'd be. That's easy. We'd certainly, for the four or six, we come up and do a lunch and learn and kind of training with everyone.
Kevin Johnson: Gotcha. Okay.
Christopher Hume: And then in terms of pricing, Kevin, I'll show you our current pricing. So I think for, for your organization, it would be depending if you're doing an annual contract or a month to month contract, somewhere between 117 and 130 per person per month.
Kevin Johnson: Gotcha.
Christopher Hume: I do want to flag that. We're actually rolling out a new pricing structure probably in February. And so I know it sounds like right now the main thing you're looking for is just reducing admin burden and burnout for people who are just using unlimited notes and that's all they use jotsych for. We'll be offering a hundred dollar just the AI scribe tier where it's just a little bit cheaper and all they do is notetaking and they don't have access to some of those advanced features. Features like document generation or scheduling that they might not use.
Kevin Johnson: Okay. Yes, I was gonna say, because we. We don't really need the scheduling or anything like that or, you know, so it's gonna really use those features and. Or like the. Like the lab forms. We have that already, so. So that makes a lot of sense. Yeah. And. And I don't think we're gonna. Because I know Jazz, like, has this feature where you can create patient charts and such for it or, you know, take Android together. We'll probably do that. Probably still keep it in our emr, but just use it just to mainly keep. Just generate notes that we can copy and paste over.
Christopher Hume: Yeah. Then this is probably. Sorry, I can't find my clicker. This is kind of on the higher end.
Christopher Hume: And you could expect if you're just using this as a scribe, by the time your pilot is over, we'd have $100 per person, per month subscription option.
Kevin Johnson: Gotcha.
Christopher Hume: Okay, so I think that was the. You see here how we set up a pilot, the cost, EMR and consent. I think those are the four main pillars here.
Kevin Johnson: Yeah. So I think once I get the slides, I can take this back and. And because we will definitely have to do a pilot for sure. You said the pile would be unlimited. Now, I noticed with Jet Psych, there's a lot of the feature for prescribers, you know, but you have a lot of therapists as well that don't do prescribing. That a part of it. I can imagine.
Christopher Hume: Yep. And so actually how Job Psych will present itself depends on which specialty you choose when you create your account. So if you are just a psychotherapist who's not prescribing, your account will be built out with a. I don't know off the top of my head, but it's probably a soap adapt and a burp note. So you'll see kind of those therapy features as opposed aspects, as opposed to the prescriber therapy and med check, medication management templates off the bat. And then we also have some treatment planning support as well.
Kevin Johnson: Oh, okay. Actually, that'll be nice to look at. How does the treatment plan supporting work?
Christopher Hume: So we. You could either add a treatment plan section to your notes, so for your therapy intake, or therapy for a session, you can have a treatment plan section so it generates a treatment plan at the end. Or I believe we even have a treatment planning template, but that I'll have to check for you. Kevin.
Kevin Johnson: I'm just curious because we have something in next gen that kind of automatically puts things together, but it's. It's a little clunky.
Christopher Hume: Yeah. No, so I'll make sure to highlight that in the follow up.
Kevin Johnson: Perfect. Great. So this is very, very helpful, you know, so if we decide to move forward with the pilot, how soon do we. Could we get things set up?
Christopher Hume: You think we could get things set up for tomorrow if you'd like. It's not a very big lift on our end. I think probably the longest poll in the tent would just be if you go at the four or six weeks, it'll probably take us a business day or two to generate your custom templates just because it would take some time to perfect it. But if there's a time later this week that you'd like me to kind of block off for a tentative kickoff, we can certainly. Yeah, whatever works for you, Kevin.
Kevin Johnson: Sure. Yeah. So let me bring this back and then because I need to get approval and support behind this and if that works out, then I can reach out to you. What's the best way to reach you?
Christopher Hume: By the way, I think my email is perfect and I'll just throw it in the chat here. It's just chrisjot psych dot com.
Kevin Johnson: Perfect.
Christopher Hume: Okay. And then, you know, we're here. Let me send you my work number as well.
Kevin Johnson: Thank you. Okay, perfect. So how many clinics do you all work with? I'm just curious.
Christopher Hume: That's a really good question. I would, you know, it's hard to tell because there's a lot of. We work with a few big chunky ones and then a lot of little what? Onesie twosies. I'd say about half of our customer base, maybe a little less, is organizations bigger that aren't just solo providers.
Kevin Johnson: Gotcha. Okay. Yeah.
Christopher Hume: And I guess, Kevin, if you have a moment, I can just show you sort of the new JOT Bill overview features. This is JOT audit. And just so you're aware, what does this mean? Maybe you've gotten emails from us, you're going to see the tab. And I'm sure you've been like, they're changing things around what's going on here? So what this allows you to do is kind of as an administrator, if you're enrolled in John Audit, you can see all of your clinicians, you can see their notes, their compliance percentage, and then their CPT match with the JWT audit check. Clearly, test account needs to do some work on their CPT codes. So it gives you a add a clinician look. Then you can go on a note by note look. So this one you see put it in 99215, but it is actually suggesting something else.
Kevin Johnson: Gotcha.
Christopher Hume: And then here is where you would upload those kind of resources. Rules, as I discussed. Of course there's some standard ones that everyone has access to, but if you have unique kind of payer contracts or even just unique organizational requirements for your notes, we can put those in here and make sure that all of your clinicians notes either include it or they get a nice flashing warning when they don't.
Kevin Johnson: Gotcha. Okay. Yeah. I'm just wondering how Jazz like would know that if it's going into next gen, that in jetsych.
Christopher Hume: So it would be. Are you talking about how it would know about the CPT code? Yeah. Yeah. So when they create, let's say a SOAP note, your provider would just input the CPT they're going to charge up here and that is kind of what triggers the check.
Kevin Johnson: Gotcha.
Christopher Hume: Certainly not required, but I know you've, as a customer who's been with us for a while, you've been seeing some changes, so just wanted to make sure you kind of knew what was going on there.
Kevin Johnson: Yeah, no, I didn't know about that feature. That's actually really, really helpful to see, so.
Christopher Hume: Wonderful. Good. Also, Kevin, I'm not known for ending meetings early, but I certainly can give you at least 90 seconds left back in your day. Any last questions or anything I can help you with as you take this back to your team.
Kevin Johnson: Not currently. If there is, I'll reach out to you for sure, but I would like to move forward. Wonderful talk with like it and, and, and the vice president just to, you know, get my ducks in a row.
Christopher Hume: Perfect. Would you like a. Would it be possible to just set like maybe a 15 minute check in at some point, either later this week or early next week to see how things are going?
Kevin Johnson: Yeah, actually, if, if like next Monday. Mondays are my admin days, so.
Christopher Hume: Okay, then let's. Does the same time work for you, Kevin?
Kevin Johnson: Yep, works for me.
Christopher Hume: Perfect. I'll get that on your calendar shortly.
Kevin Johnson: Sounds good.
Christopher Hume: Wonderful. Well, have a great day.
Kevin Johnson: Thank you. You too.
Christopher Hume: Nice to meet you. Very nice to meet you. Bye. Bye.