Dreama Shuler: And now I see you like the question anxiety. Ptsd. Anyhow. Got you.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay? Mostly due telehealth. Okay, that makes sense. How long have you been practicing?
Dreama Shuler: About three years.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay? Gotcha. And tell me about your relationship with Jotsyc. All right. How long have you been using Jotsyc.
Dreama Shuler: For the trial. Okay. So although I was working for someone. But certain things didn't stand right with me. Building my practice. I was trying to use different things to help me build it up. So the only time I really use yachts like was during the free trial. But I have gotten notifications. With this coming up. So I was like, oh, let me learn more about that, because I did end up switching over to Headway. But I know they have some, although I haven't had issues with them thus far. I was like, well, let me still look into that, because people have had issues with them at one point. So I was like, let me learn more.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, totally. Have you ever been credentialed outside of the MSOs? Like, just with your. Like between yourself and a payer.
Dreama Shuler: Yeah. So I was credential. Outside of joining them, I was credentialed, but my own credential. But the builder that I had was not. It was terrible. I wasn't getting paid. And that went on for about a year. And I was. Like, I just can't do this anymore. So that's what led me to join in, like, headway and grow therapy.
Nathan Peereboom: Gotcha. Okay. Perfect. So if you had a biller that was serving you well, would that change kind of your appetite to go out on your own? Like, would you want to open your own practice and all that?
Dreama Shuler: I do have my own. It's just I was using them. For building.
Nathan Peereboom: Gotcha. Gotcha. Okay. Gotcha. That. That makes sense. Well, we have.
Nathan Peereboom: I would say we have, like, two services that you might be interested in. The first is jot cred, and the second is jot Bill, do you need any credentialing or. No, you're already fully credentialed by you, you know, with yourself, and that's actually not something you need. Any support in.
Dreama Shuler: Myself, but I end up using a biller who. Could be. I don't know, the person who credentialed me, made mistake or whatever. Or I don't know, if the biller wasn't doing, like, what you supposed to be doing. Like so that's why. And I know every so often. Right.
Dreama Shuler: Yes, that's right.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, that makes sense. What is your dream here? Dreamlike? Like, what's the thing that you're trying to get to, let's say. Let's imagine two years from now, what is like the ideal practice structure and setup for you.
Dreama Shuler: I wanted it to be where. Outside because I know.
Nathan Peereboom: Oh, dream. I think you're breaking up.
Dreama Shuler: You said what now?
Nathan Peereboom: You're breaking up a little bit, so can you just say again, like, so, two years from now, what is, like, the thing that you're hoping to create, to have created?
Dreama Shuler: Well, consistency with the billing and like, of course. As it increase like that practice that it's just something that's a stable and I won't have any issues like, even with like headway. It was one person. It said that they didn't take the insurance. And then I had let them know. And then, like, a few days later, it turned around, and then the status of that showance was different. Like, and I was like, hold. On. At one point I accepted. And then now you don't accept it. But for all this time has went on. And I've been getting paid and been seeing a person, and then to say when, like, when I went back to look at it, then I see that they do, I was like, okay, I think this is what people was talking about as far as the issues that they have with headway. And I was like, if this happens. Like happens again or keep happening. I just don't want to deal with it. I'd rather it be. Like I said something that just. I just want to have it, like, the bill and be stable because right now, when they join headway, they verify their insurance before, I want to say, before they even get to the point where they're booking with me. Yeah. And then they do, like, all the payment on. On their end. However, I do get a lot of notifications, like if the. The payment, like the copay doesn't go through. And then they ask me to. To reach out to the. To the patient where I'm like, I thought that's what they will be doing. So I wouldn't have to worry about anything when it comes to payments.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay. Yeah, that makes sense.
Dreama Shuler: So are you.
Nathan Peereboom: Are you wanting to start moving away from headway? Is that what I'm hearing?
Dreama Shuler: Yes. Depending on what you all are all about.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay? Well, why don't I walk you through? I'll just give you a quick, you know, overview of, like, who we are, what we do. If it seems like we should meet again, we can do that and go from there.
Dreama Shuler: Ok?
Nathan Peereboom: Ok, great. All right, so when it comes to billing, Okay? So we are a hybrid AI and human billing engine. So the way it works is our AI writes every note to be pair specific. So, you know you were describing, hey, I think I'm credentialed, but there are problems with my credentialing when it comes to billing. We look at all of that. So you hand us all of your paperwork, you just dump it at us with, you know, with all your payer contracts, any letters you get from them. And what we do is we look through that with AI and we define exactly like, what is your relationship with every pair? What's your fee schedule with every payer? What needs to be in those notes and claims. When you use jot psych, it operates like a full ehr. So you just, you know, you see whether a patient is eligible. Our software writes you the clean note. You then just sign the note and we take care of everything after that. So, you know, the things that make us different are, you know, we do hyper vigilant eligibility checks. We do pay or where documentation. The claims are generated cleanly. And you can also, we also do like, you know, automated appeals. We handle patient billing and collections that. You don't have to do that because it sounds like that's not something that you want to be involved in. And, you know, we charge somewhere between 4 and 8% of your revenue, so headway is taking around 30%, 20 to 30%, so we take less than a third of that. And it's really easy to get started. You know, if you. 11 thing that you could do, if you would like is, you know, we'd be happy to do a jot bill analysis. This costs around $300. And what we do is we look through all of your billing data. From, you know, from any MSO you'd like to share with us. And we just tell you exactly what this. And so this is nice because it enables. So enables you just to understand what's going on with your billing, which. Which a lot of people, like, feel really, you know, helps buy. But let me stop and just ask, like, is this the kind of thing that you're looking for? Dream, or is this a little off base for you? Is this right?
Dreama Shuler: No, it's about right. Well, as far as I have an ehr. So I have to have your ehr to do the billing.
Nathan Peereboom: No, no, you don't have to. But, you know, we. We always recommend it because it's great to have a single system that does everything our system does. Scheduling appointments, labs, e prescription, the notes. And of course, it allows us to really, like, you know, run the best billing cycle ever. So you don't have to. You can stay with your ehr. But, you know, if you're, if you're already paying for jobs like, you might as well, you know, use all the features. What ehr do you.
Dreama Shuler: Practice.
Nathan Peereboom: Q. Okay, gotcha. Okay? Gotcha. Let's see. So, yeah, let me. Like, I guess. Yeah. Tell me, Dreama, is this something that you'd like to pursue? Because if it is, we could get you set up and start billing with us, like, this week. Like, we could do it really, really fast. And just take all of, like, the thought off of your plate. Is that interesting to you?
Dreama Shuler: How much would it cost to do that? To do everything?
Nathan Peereboom: So. Yeah, so the pricing. We only get paid when you get paid. You know how you're saying, hey, the billing, I don't get paid. Our incentive is to deliver you payment as fast as possible. So we take 4 to 8%. You can choose your plan and. And. And that's. That's how it works. So it's really straightforward. It's not complicated, and our incentives are totally aligned with you.
Dreama Shuler: And although. What does that process look like? I know you say you do the analysis, but if I think it needs to be renewed or something, do I have to pay? Like, how does that work?
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. So if you want us to handle your credentialing you, this is the, the pricing is like this. So it's $350 to just, like, set up all your paperwork, and then it's $300 per pair to get credentialed with them. And then, you know, if you want us to keep up on your credentialing, that's like a different thing. But I wouldn't worry about that for now, because right now you would just. You just want everything to be in order for the moment. But it's all. It's all a la carte. So, you know, you could decide, hey, I just want to have you guys credential. I don't want to have you Bill. You could say, hey, I just want you guys to Bill. I don't need you to credential. You could say? I want the billing analysis. I don't need anything else. So none of it is mandatory. It's all totally in your control. Everything is optional.
Dreama Shuler: Okay, and, like, how will that then move the clients from headway over to.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. So you can just say to your client, like, hey, you know, like, if you're interested, like, you know, I would love to, you know, move you guys to my private practice. And then they would just, you know, they do an intake form, and you would, you know, you treat them like a normal client. From a data perspective, we can look into pulling some of that data, but I think that headway owns the data, so they would kind of start.
Dreama Shuler: Also, I do all my notes. In my own ehr and just upload it to them.
Nathan Peereboom: In that case, the transition cost is, like, very low. It's like, I think we charge, like, $250 or something like that, and we'll just move all of your data to. To Jotz. Like, that's, like, a very, very easy thing for us.
Dreama Shuler: Okay, so then I will have to. And how much is it to do? How much is job site? Like monthly.
Nathan Peereboom: So it's typically 150amonth, but if you wanted to join with us, like this week, we would bump that to $99 a month as an incentive.
Dreama Shuler: Okay? Yeah, because I will have to figure out. As far as. Yeah, I will have to think about it. And then you said, I have this week to make that decision.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, yeah, exactly. But let me, let me make a recommendation to you. Dream. I think that what would probably make sense is, you know, just try us with the payers that you have. You know, like, you have a few payers, right, that you have already credentialed with my vote was would be, hey, just try, you know, doing your billing through us on that. Do one or two months of jot. Psych. You know, let us show you how great we are at this. Let us really take good care of you. And if you want to move the rest over, great. And if not, like, you can always. There's no. It's so easy. To just revert back. We don't have any kind of, like, we don't force you to be in an annual contract with us. We don't have non competes like there's no, there are no clause. It's really like, we believe that the best sales experience. Is just like, you get to experience what it's like to work with us. We get to really show you how. How great we can serve you. And. And if you want to expand the surface area of what we take care of for you, you can do that at any time.
Dreama Shuler: Okay? So I still want to think about it a little more.
Nathan Peereboom: Totally. What are the things that are coming up for you that are making you feel hesitant?
Dreama Shuler: The last transition that I had because before I moved to purpose cubes, And it wasn't a smooth process. I was like, I don't know if I want to keep jumping from one to the next.
Nathan Peereboom: But can I just say something about that? So the way it works is if you wanted, you know, change. You don't have to actually change like you. We could have. We could set you up with an engineer. That engineer will just pull your data, duplicate it into jots, like. And you can run the two systems in parallel. For as long as you want.
Dreama Shuler: So I won't want to pay for both of.
Nathan Peereboom: No, sure. But, like, when you think about, like, the challenge of the transition, you can try the transition at, like, basically no risk to you, you know what I mean? And so that problem of, like, oh, the transition was so messy. It was really bad. Like, there's no, we're not deleting your, like, you know, your practice queue or your intake cue instance, you're still going to have that, at least for like, a week or two, you'll be able to. See everything in droughts. Like, and then you can ask yourself, like, how did this feel? Was this good? Do I actually want to transition? So it's totally, like, optional. There's no. And you don't have to be involved in it either. Like, you meet with an engineer for, like, 20 minutes.
Nathan Peereboom: And then you come back 24 hours later, and all your data is in jazz. Like, it's really, really low, low stress for you.
Dreama Shuler: I still want to think about it and, like, have a decision like that tomorrow.
Nathan Peereboom: Great.
Dreama Shuler: Yeah, because right now. It's a lot going on.
Nathan Peereboom: I totally got it. Is there any other information you need? Any other data that would be helpful for you?
Dreama Shuler: No, not right now. Nothing I can think of off this. You. You answered just about that. I had questions.
Nathan Peereboom: Sorry, can you say that again?
Dreama Shuler: I said you. You answered just about everything that I had questions about. So, no, I can't think of nothing right now. And that's another reason why I wanted to at least wait until tomorrow to make my decision, just in case I think of, you know, some more questions before making. That final decision.
Nathan Peereboom: Awesome. Well, why don't. Could we set up a little bit of time to chat tomorrow? Just so either way, like, you know, we touch base and I understand kind of what you want to do moving forward.
Dreama Shuler: Sure. Okay? I. Have. I. Have between 11 and 1. Available.
Nathan Peereboom: Awesome. Why don't we do. 11:30. Does that work?
Dreama Shuler: Sure.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, great. I'm just going to duplicate this event. To there. Let's see. So, march 12th. And 1130. Am.
Dreama Shuler: Second.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, great. So we'll meet at 11:30am and. And let me see. Yeah, I mean, I think that's. That sounds great. I really hope we get to work with you, dream. I mean, we're really proud of what. Serves you. But meeting with me.
Dreama Shuler: No problem. And I think I. I think I'm going to just go ahead and do it. But I still, like I said before, I make a decision.
Nathan Peereboom: But thank you.
Dreama Shuler: There's no.
Nathan Peereboom: We're. We're always here, and we think we're the best, but everyone has to kind of go through their own journey, so there's no pressure. And we'd love to, you know. Yeah, we'd love to make it work, but thank you so much. Take care. Okay?
Dreama Shuler: You too.