Nathan Peereboom: Oh, hey. It's so nice to meet you. Happy Friday.
Stacey Shaw: Yeah, nice to meet you, too. Yes. Glad it's Friday.
Nathan Peereboom: You have quite the pamphlet set up back there.
Stacey Shaw: Resources.
Nathan Peereboom: That's awesome, Stacey. It's so nice to meet you. My name is Nate. I'm the CEO and co founder of Jot Psych. I would love to know a little bit about you. Tell me about your practice, your world, your life, where you live and where you work, and then we can jump. Into credentialing. Ok.
Stacey Shaw: Ok. So right now I'm working for a privately owned outpatient practice. Family psychiatry, the whole gamut. So, been here for a year. Before that, I was running my own practice, but decided I was tired of all the insurance crap and decided to work somewhere else. Well, maybe that's not any better because I'm doing the same amount of work, if not more, with more clients. And so I'm going to restart work. I'm working on rebooting my practice again. So part of rebooting my practice is I need to look at credentialing. Stuff. Sure. I'm going to need to be re credentialed under my own practice with number of insurers and I never did get initially credentialed with Select Health, which is Medicaid down one of the Medicaid plans down here that I have a lot of clients with, so. I'm looking at trying to figure out my credentialing for me. And then there's a second provider that I'm working with now that will be coming on in a couple months and so she'll have to get credentialed as well through the payers.
Nathan Peereboom: Have you ever gone through the credentialing process before.
Stacey Shaw: Yep.
Nathan Peereboom: So you're looking forward to it, it sounds like. Tell me what was painful about that last process.
Stacey Shaw: Well, of course, I didn't really know what to expect when I was going into it. No idea. Right. So, I mean, it takes quite a while to get credentialed with each one of the payers and stay on top of all that and whatnot. But the company I went with, encryd. Communication was terrible and just not following up with payers and trying to. And on top of it, when you have, you've paid for X number of applications to be done and you're going to do them sequentially and do them one at a time and when one's done, you start the next one.
Stacey Shaw: No way that that takes to get credentialed.
Nathan Peereboom: There's no way they did.
Stacey Shaw: Still had one that I was not credential with. I said I'm done with you guys. This is ridiculous. Yeah, nonsense. And it's too complicated for me to. I don't have time to do it. You know what I'm saying? It's too complicated. I want done right, so I'm not even going to attempt to do it myself. Yeah?
Nathan Peereboom: Okay? One of the things that we hear, two things which you just said all the time. One, speed. Two, transparency. People want both. The way that. I mean. Actually, sorry, before I get into our credentialing, do you know, are you a jotsyc customer? Is that how you came to us? No, but you used to be. No. How did you find us?
Stacey Shaw: I have no idea.
Stacey Shaw: Put feelers out to so many different things. I have no idea. I might have been through something else. I don't know. And then something popped up and I was like, oh, this is what I'm looking for right now. Anyway, so let me send them a request. So I have no idea. Don't have a clue at this point. There's so many. I got my little hand in so many different things right now. I don't know.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. Well, it's so funny because. Okay, so we're in AI Company. I think that you probably have a little bit of background, maybe. But the background is that I started Jot Psych because my parents were clinicians, and they did a crazy amount of documentation. They wrote a ton of notes. They did a lot. Of letters.
Nathan Peereboom: And so we built. You know, that billing was really hard for them. Everything was hard.
Nathan Peereboom: So the point of jots like is basically to take all the administrative cruft off of your plate. And we have built an engine that is like turbocharges the speed and the status tracking of credentialing. So what happens is we take all of your documents.
Nathan Peereboom: We use a machine to read through of them super thoroughly. Then we read through all of, like, the payer requirements and credentialing, little loopholes and little hurdles and little creeks that they've built along the little race course to get you paid. And we use a combination of human experts and like, AI systems. To essentially just submit as fast as possible and go through those cycles of, like, oh, the insurance has this one other thing they need from you, so we're going to, like, make sure they get it as fast as we possibly can. And as part of that, as part of being a machine or a technology driven company, we give you a status tracker. And I can send you like a mock of this, but basically, it shows you a few things. One, it shows you the status of every pair that you've asked us to get you credentialed.
Stacey Shaw: For?
Nathan Peereboom: It'll show you exactly, like, where they are in the process. Two, it'll show you everything that we've submitted and done. It's a timeline that shows, like, all that data. And then three, it'll show, like, what you're blocking for us because frequently, like, we need, like, one more thing from you.
Nathan Peereboom: And so it just shows you, like, if there's something blocking, like that one thing is at the top of the page and you just know, oh, all I have to do is pop it over to Nate and the system keeps rolling. So.
Nathan Peereboom: So that's kind of our promise to you. Our promise is you're always going to know where everything is, and we're. Going to move as fast as possible. And that's the whole thing. Like, we kind of just want to get out of your way and make sure that you can start billing and, you know, getting paid for the good work you do.
Stacey Shaw: Okay?
Nathan Peereboom: There's another. Well, let me ask this, Stacy. So you're, you know, you're restarting your own practice? Do you have, like, a website and, like, all the infrastructure for taking in patients and, like, you know, advertising and marketing and all that?
Stacey Shaw: Not yet.
Nathan Peereboom: No. Are you interested in, like, any, like, web development services? Because that's another thing that we do as part of credentialing. We'll spin up, like, a private website for you, like, that's based on the photography you give us and how you practice and just allows people to say, hey, this is. A really great provider, and I'm excited to see them. And by the way, here's how I can schedule. So if that's something that you're. That you would find helpful, you know, that's something that we can also provide for you, because our goal. Yeah. I mean, our. Our whole, like, shtick with this is like, clinicians don't really want to get credentialed. They actually just want to see clients. They just want to see clients. And whatever we can do to get everything else out of the way, that's what we want to do.
Stacey Shaw: Yeah. I mean, it sounds good. Because you're right. We don't like doing that part. I don't want to have to worry about this part. But we have to, because you have to get paid, so totally, totally.
Nathan Peereboom: Well, what questions do you have? I mean, I'm happy to. Yeah, I would love to just answer anything else that you are curious about.
Stacey Shaw: So I think I'm trying to get reorganized. I need to I guess figure out like where, like what payers I need to where I am, if I'm even still credential with certain payers because I went through the process like just about every insurance payer here in South Carolina. I credentialed with. I had one left, and that was Select Health, which is one of the Medicaid plans. So trying to figure out what else I need to do to maybe recredential with certain insurance carriers. Kind of get organized as far as that's concerned. I think the cost was posted on your website. I think it was 300 per application.
Nathan Peereboom: I think it was right. Yep.
Stacey Shaw: And then do you guys help stay on top of, you know, credentialing each year? Kind of like making sure that as we have to be recredential with every so many years with the insurance carrier, that that's being taken care of or.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, so we can do that. That's a separate service. And I think that right now we charge $150 a month for that. My advice to you, Stacy, would be like, don't worry about that for now, because you're right. You only really need to do it, like, once a year. Unless you're billing with us. If you're billing with us, then we will roll that into the billing service because we have a very big interest in staying on top of, like, the payers changing rules. Because when you bill with payer, you know, they're sort of wily. They find different rules to deny your claims. And we, as a billing company, like, want to make sure you get paid because that's the only way we get paid. So if you're billing with us, that's part of that service. But if you're not, then, you know, you can either have a stay on top of it for $150 a month if you want monthly updates and credentialing warnings, or, you know, you can just, like, come back and recrunential with us every year.
Stacey Shaw: Okay. So you mentioned that you guys do billing. What's that? Tell me about that.
Nathan Peereboom: So billing is like the crown jewel of the company because, again, if you think about who we are as a technology company, we have a few assets. One is that we are experts in behavioral health. All we do is behavioral health. And then the second thing is that we are technologists. We're people who are really, really good at taking unstructured data and turning it into structured data in a way that is algorithmic. And so for us, billing is, like, the perfect activity. It's the perfect thing for us to be really good at, because a lot of billing, it's this interesting game of, like, hide and seek where, you know, the payers are kind of like or cat and mouse, whatever you want to think about the metaphor. But the payers, you know, have come up with this whole system for figuring out all these technicalities to deny your claims and notes.
Nathan Peereboom: And so we, we think that that's, like, actually perfect for our software. What we do is when we're billing for someone, we take all the payer contracts they have. So if you work with Aetna, we'll take all of your contracts from Aetna. Then we'll go find all the Aetna. You know, online resources about how they audit and what they look for. In notes and how they bill.
Nathan Peereboom: And then we build your notes based on those two documents.
Nathan Peereboom: And because we build the notes and the claims based on those documents, we have a huge advantage when it comes to the, like, the billing process. Like, our claims get accepted at way higher rates. If there is a denial, we have, like, a robust internal system for auto appealing that denial. And so. So that's why we do billing. You know, people. People don't want to do their own billing. And for us, like, it's the perfect.
Nathan Peereboom: It's the perfect playground for the technology we have. And so that's kind of the whole reason we exist at some level.
Stacey Shaw: So you mentioned maybe a monthly. Sure, but you help build notes. What does that mean?
Nathan Peereboom: Ah. Okay, so let me. Let me just pull up. So, Stacy, do you use an AI scribe right now?
Stacey Shaw: I have tried so many of them. No, I do not. My coworker who's going to be coming with me, she does use it, and it makes her life a lot easier. But I am a technology moron, so that is hard for me. Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: Well. You know, I totally understand that the reason why you should use jots like though is because of this pair aware note generation. So here would be your experience if you use jot cycle. You come into the encounter, you immediately see. Or before the encounter, you see who's eligible and who's not. So you. You have that information, then you just record the encounter.
Nathan Peereboom: We write the perfect note for you. And again, we've got all your pairs, we have all your payer documents, we know how the different pairs work in terms of what they audit for, et cetera. Then you simply sign the note and you're done. And what we do is we take that note, we turn it into a claim.
Nathan Peereboom: We take that claim, we submit it to the payer. And then we fight with the payer until you get paid.
Nathan Peereboom: And then after you've gotten paid, we take a percentage of the revenue. And so we report out every, you know, in real time what's going on with your, you know, where you're billing, how you're billing, where money is getting lost or lagged.
Nathan Peereboom: And, of course, like, what we recommend you doing to improve your, you know, your billing profile. So this is actually, like all of the other services at jobs like we lose money on. We don't make money on any of the other services. Billing is actually the thing where because it's, like, so enormously valuable, we. This is actually, like, how we do make money. And the reason why I say that is because, like, when you think about all the other things around billing, I think about it almost like a first date, like with credentialing or with us building your website or something. It's us basically trying to just take you on a date and say, hey, Stacy, look. Look at how great it would be if you did billing with us. You know? And so even if you decide, not to do billing. The result is that you get a really, really good product because that's the whole strategy of the company. So. So that's interesting to you. I mean, it doesn't sound like you're ready for billing yet, but. But it's helpful for people to understand, you know, what the sort of purpose is of some of these services that are, you know, they're structured the way they are.
Stacey Shaw: So, yeah, I mean, now I think I know where I came. This may have been the reason why I came across jobs. Like, probably was the AI documentation is because I've been trying to figure out how to where I'm working at right now. I'm used to having, like, a template that's continuously being updated for notetaking that is compliant with whatever changes are happening here and there. But there's none of that here. Everyone has their own template they make themselves. There's new consistency across the, you know, the notes. There's all kinds of missing crap that if it ever gets audited, you got to end. Up paying tons of money back, which irks me immensely. And so that's something I've been trying to work on. I'm trying to figure out a template for everyone to use, which has been a nightmare. And that's probably how I came across this. Now that I realized all the things that you do. So.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. So I'm just looking. You, I think, did use jot. Psych at one point. When was this? Back in october. November.
Stacey Shaw: So you must have been one of the ones that I tried out, because I tried out a whole list of them.
Nathan Peereboom: So. Stacy. How would this sound? Because I would love. I would love to. For us to work with you. Would you like to have, like, a free month of jobs, like, just so you can get back into the hang of it and, like, feel how it is and see if it works for you? It could be a really good experience if you wanted us to do your credentialing for. For that to take place. Because what we could do is we could do your credentialing and then take all of your payer documents and put them into job site so that you were getting again these payer wear templates. And whether you went with us or with another company for like the other stuff is totally like fine. But you know, I think that that might be what you're looking for if the goal to you is, you know, not having those audit flawbacks and feeling like, hey, I can just engage with my clients and I don't have to worry about these, you know, these kind of administrative things.
Stacey Shaw: Too much for us.
Nathan Peereboom: Too much stress.
Stacey Shaw: Yeah. I don't think people realize, like, when I first decided to begin the enter into private practice myself, had no idea about many things and stubbed in all the mud puddles you could possibly step in. And I don't think people are aware, like, how difficult getting paid actually is in this. Line of work and why a lot of people are starting to not want to take insurance. At first I thought, wow, these are some greedy people who don't want to take the payments that they're being, you know, given. No, that's not wise, because it's so hard to get paid, period.
Nathan Peereboom: I mean, you're definitely not the only one. I mean, we hear that all the time. Literally all the time.
Stacey Shaw: Yeah, it's more complicated, it seems to me way more complicated than it needs to be. And I realize it's more complicated because the insurance companies are going to try do anything possible they can to not to pay anything. So. But no. Yes, actually very interested to try that out again, trying to figure out ways to make my life a lot easier because I spend my entire life basically documenting at this point, and I have no free time to myself, hardly at all in life.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, gotcha. When you think about, like, what you're looking for right now and sort of, like, this timeline, it sounds like we have what you're looking for, but, like, is, like, what, what would be a reason to not do this? Like, what would be when you think, when you're making this decision, what would be a reason to say, hey, I want to wait on it, or I don't want to start right now.
Stacey Shaw: So me, there's not really a hold up. I have myself the other provider. And then we're also going to be taking our office manager with us. So, you know, the three of us. And so I think the two of them are worried about making enough money up front and they want to try to do billing.
Stacey Shaw: Like debuailing on our own. And the thing is, neither one of them have really had an experience to know how hard this actually is to keep up with. Because not only are you going to submit your claim, but you have to follow up and keep on top of it to make sure you're getting paid correctly. And they're not like down coding something or just not paying you at all. And there's a lot of time that goes into this aspect, which I'd rather take get rid of. I'd rather pay a little money to have this done and be done well, because I know that there's billing. Companies out there, plenty of them. And you hear stories about billing companies that they don't do their job well, they're not keeping up with things any better. They can do yourself, and you're paying X amount of money. So, you know, that's, that's the only, I think, drawback making sure I get hooked up with the right company that is doing what needs to be done, and we're getting paid.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, totally. Totally. That makes a lot of sense. Okay.
Stacey Shaw: Okay, perfect.
Nathan Peereboom: So what would be Stacy, in your mind? What would be good next steps? I mean, we're. I'm happy to go kind of any direction here that would be helpful to you. If you feel like you need more information, I'm happy to help answer questions.
Nathan Peereboom: If you feel like, hey, I just at least want to start with, like, the credentialing. Now, we can do that. Like, what's best for you.
Stacey Shaw: So definitely want to start with credentialing. I want to go ahead and get started with that. What's your percentage when you do what? The billing side of it?
Nathan Peereboom: So it's 4 to 8%. We just do the industry standard. Let me show you the differences in the service levels for that. Okay, so 4 to 8% is what we charge. The 4% is just like we do eligibility checks we do. There's a 90 cent charge on those eligibility checks because we get metered on them. There's pairware documentation, encoding and then clean clean submission. My guess, based on what you said, is that you probably want the complete or the max program where you have a dedicated billing manager where we're, like, you know, reconciling not just what, you know, what gets approved, but actually the amount that gets paid in your bank account is, like, matching with, like, the contract that you have, you know, managing patient collections and things like that. So my my guess is that you'd be interested in complete or max.
Nathan Peereboom: And so this is in our view. Like the total industry standard where you didn't do anything special with pricing. This is very, very normal pricing. Okay, great. Well, Stacy, why don't we do this? I would like to. Let's get started with credentialing as fast as possible. Just so we start the clock. Can you? Do you have a phone number? Let me. Let me check your phone. Is your phone number on here? Yeah. Okay, so. 843-321-5099. Is this a good phone number for you?
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, so what we need, we just need a bunch of documents going forward just to, like, kick off.
Nathan Peereboom: Do you think that you could get us, like, the document packet by the end of today so we can submit over the weekend? Because in our minds, we just want to get you started as fast as possible.
Stacey Shaw: Going to be rough to get in there today. I'm working, and I literally have. I'm on my lunch break right now, so I'm literally booked with patients all the way till seven, so.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, that is totally fine. When do you think is the earliest you could get us your, like, key documents and let me send over what those are? It's. It's all the stuff that you would imagine. So this is the doc. These are the documents. Do you have a CAQH profile?
Stacey Shaw: Oh, yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: You do. Okay, great.
Stacey Shaw: Just updated everything.
Nathan Peereboom: All right, Perfect. Okay, so can you send me 10? Okay, so I just sent it over in the messages channel. When do you think is the soonest that you could get this list of documents?
Stacey Shaw: Oh, yeah, I can. Crap. I can get all this information to you on Saturday for starting on Monday. This is nothing. I had all this. You have almost. Mostly everything is online desktop. Anyway. Okay, awesome.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, cool. Well, yeah, I mean, if you. If you do get that to us, that would be super helpful. How many payers would you like us to start with?
Stacey Shaw: So I don't know what I want to do is if you go, I don't know if you do this, I want. I don't even know who I'm credential with this point because I just, like, forgot about it, moved on to this job, and so I don't even know. What I need to be doing, so I kind of need to figure that part out first.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay. Do you have a general? Like, is it like five? Is it ten? Just like general.
Stacey Shaw: Probably at least five. And then, like, here, we'll need credentialing with everyone. All. All the payers, so.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay? Okay, gotcha. All right, so let me just do a few things here. So what I'm going to do is I'm going to create an invoice. And send it over.
Nathan Peereboom: What the invoice will be will just be for the first five. And then we can, like, you know, buffer on that. And when you pay this invoice, what will happen is your Jots like account will, like, turn on as well, so you'll have a month free of jot psych so that you can, like, get back into the software and experience it.
Stacey Shaw: Okay, so let me ask you, do you guys offer, like, any kind of service where you can kind of figure out where I am credential still and where I need to, like, start with? Because this is going to be a nightmare. NCRed was to begin with, and even getting information from them was help.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. So we I mean, the service for us is. I mean, it's. It's kind of hard for us if we don't have a list to start out with.
Stacey Shaw: We need some.
Nathan Peereboom: But, yeah, I mean, we can just. The $300 is full management of that list. And we can say, hey, if we find out that you're credentialed with one of them, We'll just, like, bump it down to, like, $50 or so. If that works.
Stacey Shaw: Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. Okay, great. All right, perfect. So I'm going to send this over. Let's see. Okay. Hang tight. It's going to come to your email inbox in, like, 30 seconds. Okay? Great.
Stacey Shaw: Oh, I do have another question. So the other, the other provider, she's a family nurse practitioner. She's in school right now to finish her psych, which she's at done in May, and then she'll be sentenced for that board as well. And so I'm trying to figure out when the best time to credential her is should we start right away or should we wait until she's boarded as. Psych.
Nathan Peereboom: I think you have to wait till she's boarded. Because the pairs aren't going to credential someone who's not past the boards. Or doesn't have, like the document.
Stacey Shaw: So, I mean, she is credentialed in family, but she's not credentialed. It's like. I mean, she's working here, doing. Doing mental health. I'm not really sure what this place is. What this. I don't have a clue. Doesn't make sense here.
Nathan Peereboom: My guess is that their credential under the group NPI. Which means that they're not reviewing all of her boards. Because if you're if your credential under a group npi, it's the clinician who's affiliated with that group that is that everyone's sitting under.
Stacey Shaw: Gotcha. Okay.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, Let me send this to you. Okay. So I'm just going to do.
Stacey Shaw: Okay.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. So this will review invoice. Finalize and send. Okay, so, Stacy, I just sent you the invoice. Let me know if you get that in your email. It was sent to the email you signed up with John, which is Stacey. Ccbh at gmail does that bring about?
Stacey Shaw: Okay, let me see here.
Nathan Peereboom: Great.
Stacey Shaw: Yeah, I got it.
Nathan Peereboom: Awesome. Okay, great. And does that look okay to you, Stacy? It does. Okay. Awesome. So, wait, let me see. All right, so. Yeah. So whenever you're ready, feel free to fill that out. And, and as soon as you do drop cycle turn back on for you and, and we'll get started with, with all the. With all the submissions. All right, Sounds good.
Stacey Shaw: Thank you so much for your time today.
Nathan Peereboom: All right, Stacy, Anything else I can do to help?
Stacey Shaw: I don't think so.
Nathan Peereboom: All right. Perfect. Hey, really looking forward. One other question. Do you want to meet once we've gotten everything through and just give you, like, a review of. Of where things are? Do you want to set up some time for, like, late next week? Just so you have, like, a. Hey, here's.
Nathan Peereboom: Here's the portal. Here's how to see it. Here's how to track everything.
Stacey Shaw: Sure, let me look at a million one calendar here. Let me.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay? So. All right, how does next. Friday sound.
Stacey Shaw: Make sure don't have anything in here. Looks. For. Hang on a second. Yeah, I don't think I have anything. What? Could it be over lunch break?
Nathan Peereboom: Lunch break. I love it.
Stacey Shaw: Okay?
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. How does noon sound?
Stacey Shaw: Sounds fine.
Nathan Peereboom: All right, perfect. Shot cred touch base. Okay? Great, great, great. Invite. Stacey, what's the best email? Is it the email we have at jobs like.
Stacey Shaw: Let me use my personal email. It's st shaw, s h a w20.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, great. Send. Okay, let me know if you received that. Okay. I see it on my side.
Stacey Shaw: Now.
Stacey Shaw: I have not seen anything coming in here. Oh, no. There it went. I got it.
Nathan Peereboom: I. I don't. I. I would be a little upset if I sent it to the wrong Stacy. Okay, perfect. So I think we've got everything. You've got the invoice, you have the list of documents that we need from you. We're going to try. If you get us these on Saturday. Stacy. We can submit over the weekend, which is just awesome, because that means we can just, like, get the ball rolling.
Stacey Shaw: Okay, cool. Awesome. Sounds great.
Nathan Peereboom: All right. Love it. Hey, thank you so much, and have a great day, ok?
Stacey Shaw: You, too. All right. Bye. Bye.
Nathan Peereboom: Bye. Bye.