Nathan Peereboom: Hey, becca.
Becca Bressler: Hey. I'm eating my lunch for now, but I'll be done hopefully soon.
Nathan Peereboom: That's good. I need some water. I think Jackson will be joining us soon.
Becca Bressler: I'm actually going to fill up my waters off.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay? Oh, is he not? Oh, maybe. Hey, marcus. How's it going?
Marcus Irven: It's going okay.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay?
Marcus Irven: It's one of those days. Troubleshooting. Bunch of troubleshooting.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. It happens.
Marcus Irven: Y. Eah.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay. Jackson's just wrapping up. What am I looking for right now? Okay. Yeah. So. I'm going to grab. Hey, Jackson. Sorry, guys. I'm just getting, like, a little oriented here. Oh, shoot. Okay? Okay, so. Folks. I wanted us to figure out two things. One, the jot shuttle go forward. Just like, who the heck is owning it? What are we doing with it? How do we just move on? Like, ship it move on? And then secondly, I think the superstructure question on top of this is, like, how do we define jobs to be done? And what is our like, what are some preliminary learnings from some of the like, kind of vibey approach that we took to jot shuttle design? Earlier this week. So just to remind everyone, jot shuttle. What is it supposed to be? It's supposed to be a tool that enables EHR integration, like technology or interface where people don't have to do the copy and paste. And it is set within the context. Of us wanting to pull data from people's ehrs and people wanting data to reconcile across all systems. No one wants to live in a clinical world where, you know, where the systems that they're in all the time are out of date. Or have contradictory information. So Lee built the first version of this. I think it's pretty much, like, not shippable. As is. Just to give folks who's seen it recently. Has anyone seen it recently?
Jackson Bierfeldt: I haven't seen it in, like, two months, so I need to.
Nathan Peereboom: This is what it looks like.
Jackson Bierfeldt: I'm seeing notion.
Nathan Peereboom: Sorry. Okay, this is what it looks like. And here I'll move to a non infinity screen, okay? So, basically what it looks like is you've got notes in an account. You can see these are the notes down here. It's paginated. You can search notes when you click into a note. You can see the full demonstration of sections. And then if you know to click here, you can select Notes Sections. You can copy everything to a clipboard, and then if you click Launch, That will auto fill the note into the HR so that. Is the interface. I think. I hope we can all agree that this is, like, not something that we would be probably willing to charge people for, even just based on the visual of it. But more importantly, it's just, like, too confusing for people to understand. Like, what is. What does launch mean? This interface makes it really hard to actually select sections. If you want to do, like, two sections at once and you didn't know to click this. And I think that the evidence is that people just don't use this. We've got. I know 15 to 20 people have downloaded it. We've had a clinic pay for it. There's basically no one using it on a regular basis. So the kind of revealed behavior is that this is not good enough.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Question on that. It's ugly. It does work, though. Like, assuming that that works. The people who aren't using it. Is it because they couldn't figure it out? Is it because of some political thing where actually they downloaded it, but then they're grouped into the pilot anymore? Like, have we actually watched someone, like, try to use it? What is our. What's our degree of information?
Nathan Peereboom: Degree of information is basically null. Like, I don't think there was any telemetry done on it. I don't think that there was follow up done on the small number of folks who did use it. I don't think that. I do not believe that it is that we understand what happened. And so our theory when someone is willing to purchase. And we know that other software have launched similar things, and we know that integration is important, at least in the job to be done sense, even if not the API to API sense, my belief is that it just means that the product wasn't groggable or good enough. And so that was, you know, again, if front end actually is easy.
Nathan Peereboom: Even if we believe that it functions well, we should be able to just, like, redo front end.
Nathan Peereboom: And get a better signal on this.
Becca Bressler: Hey.
Nathan Peereboom: Sorry.
Becca Bressler: Clarifying question. Who are these 15? Like, how do you know 15 people downloaded it? Basically, like, this wasn't publicized. We didn't email people about it. I know that it was built and, like, tailored for this one particular clinic that was going to pay us money for it. I know then that he wanted it to work with a different software he was using. So Lee jumped back on to make sure it could work with the second software he was using. Like. But I have just no idea who the. Like, where did that number come from?
Nathan Peereboom: The number comes from, like, the number of downloads on the store, like, on the Google Chrome store.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Well, like 12 of those have to be us. Yeah.
Becca Bressler: Like, a lot of us have tested it with it. We've, like, called users to test with it, like when we were doing testing for it.
Nathan Peereboom: My understanding is that we've put this in front of, like, a bunch of. People at least, like, leads done demos. I mean, I know that one clinic. I mean, I think I popped that into Slack earlier today. Like. Like when people ask for HR integrations, we set them up with Lee and he does demo it. So, again, I don't know. I'm not claiming that I have, like, any but it's some triangulation between the downloads and the fact that I know that we've been setting up Lee with several demos.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah. I think the main point here is like, one of the learnings here is like, we're a mess in terms of the experimental design, knowing none of us can really say who used it, how often they used it, if they opened it once and didn't ever even try it, if they used it two times. And then, like, gave off because it was hard. Like, we just don't know. And that is just, like, worth flagging right now that, like, whenever we're doing something experimental, We just want to be, like, sucking in so much information. And I think we just didn't do that here. And that's, like, one thing I just want to, like, put on the wall and. And move on from. We have a data problem.
Marcus Irven: Is it true? But, like, don't we have instrumentation in this? Like, you worked with Leon. This. And I thought that we did have stat SIG integration.
Becca Bressler: Yeah, he says he did, but I literally didn't know this was in the hands of more than one man, so I haven't looked into it.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Should we pull it up right now? Just look at and see if we can tell how many unique people have used it. If we do have Stassig, Let me see.
Becca Bressler: I'll share my screen once I like find it. So the dashboard is empty. Hold on. But he did say that he. See? S different. Yeah. So he has this dashboard.
Marcus Irven: This can't be right, though, because.
Becca Bressler: Yeah. So this can actually be right.
Jackson Bierfeldt: This is probably like set up with the dev one that ran on his computer and and not. But anyway, like, it looks like we don't have this information here, so we should just note, like, one thing we absolutely have to do. Even if we're shipping a, like, tiny thing that has literally no design on it at all just to, like, test the functionality, or if we're shipping something where we're like can people self serve right on the first go. Wherever we fall on that spectrum, we just need to be like before something goes out. What's our plan for the data? Where's the data going? What's the number we're going to be watching? I think we have to, like, hold ourselves to that kind of gate. Just at a. At a minimum thing here.
Nathan Peereboom: It doesn't have to be a lot of things. It can be three things. You know, it can be one thing. Like, it can be really, really simple. We just need some heuristic of engagement.
Nathan Peereboom: At the outset. Okay, But I think we all know that. I think we all know that. The question is, what are we doing with this? I have no idea how good or shitty the back end is, have no way to judge it. We probably need some read on that. This is enough of a thing that we, I think, are pretty committed to that we should. We should get it out. We know that people are willing to pay for it. And my sense is that this is fairly doable. So. Process wise. Am I understanding it right that regardless of telemetry, no one has actually, like, looked at. The code. Like we don't have any technical understanding of what this does. Or how well it works. I know in demo it worked great. Like I saw it in a demo, worked great.
Becca Bressler: I have, like, a narrative of how it got improved, but I can't speak to the code.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay.
Jackson Bierfeldt: I haven't looked at it since I built the, like, early, early core, and I think it's, like, very evolved beyond.
Marcus Irven: Either.
Nathan Peereboom: I'm just going to set, like, what I think is the ultimate product vision. Becca and I were going back and forth over whether this is the right thing to ship right now, and I think it might not be. It might be that this is too engineering intensive for the moment. Or maybe, like there's argument we can have about whether now is the right time to invest in this, but I just want to remind people of kind of the fidelity and depth that we want in this feature. And in probably like every, you know, just going forward. So I'm just going to share my screen. So this is a prototype that I built. There are a few jobs to be done inside of here. The largest, obviously, super job to be done. Is all data systems need to have clear clinical data. We do not want JOTSYC to be the out of date system that people don't trust and we don't want people to not be able to use their EHR if they're using Jotsec because we know some people actually can't make that decision. So here. You know, Jax and I added the read page. Button so that we don't have auto, you know, script LLM calls going. It matches patient name with the patient name that's, you know, that's associated with the recent notes. When you click in, it allows you it auto selects everything that we know a match we have a match for. If we don't have a match for it, it flags it. You can unselect, obviously, and then if there's a discrepancy, it forces you to solve it. Or doesn't force, but it suggests that you solve it. You know, in this way, so that, you know, you can actually have both systems working well. When you push goes like that. When it's done. It's very intuitive. If it's empty, like it's not on an ehr, it shows you exactly, like, what to do. If it comes to a patient profile, it will verify that the data in the patient profile is reconciled with what's in jot Psych for the same fields and again allow you to choose an update. If we don't have a patient profile in Jotsyc, it kind of will nudge you. Hey, push this patient profile into JOT Psych. And that's, that's the biggest of it. So that's like, I think the long term, like, Idea. I think those were all the key things that we can imagine. Being really, really convenient and important for people slowly migrating their stuff into jobs. Like, if they're not willing to do, like, a full. Like, hey, I move my whole practice right now.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah, I mean, what's missing from here, too, is looking at notes like you kind of had a thing where to show a discrepancy. It has to scan an existing note. Should also probably have the ability to pull a note forward so that when you record your new one it like has the previous note. I would say that is kind of the next little step from here, but other than that I agree. This is the like take stuff from them. Like if we're scraping their ehr, let's use the opportunity to get information from it. And then they want to take stuff from us. Basically just the note, put it back into the hr. Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay? So.
Marcus Irven: Yeah, go on, Marcus. I was just gonna say the big differences between this and what we has is a feature, functionality wise is the patient syncing. And the discrepancy, is that right?
Nathan Peereboom: One grokability.
Marcus Irven: Sure.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, I don't think that's secondary, though.
Marcus Irven: I thought that was obvious, but. Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, sorry.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah. So I think from an engineering perspective, We agree. Throw this. A claw. It's a two hour max exercise to, like, get it to look this way. It's like, not hard to look this way. The main thing, though, is that the introduction of pulling data into our system is like a whole new world, you know, that just needs new plumbing, it needs new data types on the back end, and then it needs new, like, LLM prompting on the patient side. Because right now, like, the thing that took lead and These customers, like, 10 different go arounds was figuring out all the different shapes that the note page. Kind of exists in in other ehrs and how to like change the prompt and change the rules to like scrape those successfully for us to push things in the addition of the patient profile and like scraping that will be that same kind of whack a mole thing like we there's no world I can just promise this. Now, where we, like, get that right on the first go, that's going to be another iterative process. If we open up to the. The patient profile thing. You know, we'll. We'll build something. It'll work for, like, the three or four test EHRs that we work with. But then someone's like, oh, but Dr. Chrono. And then when Dr. Chrono updates or, you know, we, like, go to some other ehr where their patient page. Is actually not like HTML rendered, but they're like using JavaScript injection at the time. And then we're like, well, this feature actually doesn't work for the chr. Those are the things that will be a problem there. But the main thing to hear is just that actually it's the addition of the patient profile scraping page. That is the biggest lift as far as, you know, new build goes.
Nathan Peereboom: I think we can cut that out, though. And make it. Still valuable. Like, if we would, we could just get rid of the discrepancy function. And we get rid of. The profile comparison and the profile poll so we could get rid of those three things and it could still be, you know, it could still be functional.
Marcus Irven: Yeah.
Jackson Bierfeldt: If we get rid of those three things and all it is is a facelift. Then it's very, very easy. It's a guaranteed one day project. If that's all it is. I think the main question here is, is the added functionality of, like, pulling stuff from the EHR into our software worth engineering right now? And the second question is, is it worth holding this up? In order to, like, get right on the first pass? I think that's actually the question here. Everything else is, like, implementation details, but the main question is, you know, do we just do a facelift and get this out to people and, like, start, you know, notching those wins and, like, getting the main functionality, or do we say, hey, we're going to hold off one more week, staff a person on it, get this right, and then come out of the gate with something that is, like, bi directionally useful. That's. I think those two are the major path. And then there's, you know, stuff we can discuss on each one. But someone jump in if you think there's anything else other than, like, that being the main.
Nathan Peereboom: So I know Jackson U T shirt size this as a medium. Is there other research that Becca and I could do to decrease the complexity of this particular. Technical exercise like, is there research to be done? Is there. I mean, I'm thinking of, like. You know, all of the computer use agents that work now. Do any of them, like, are any of them plug and play for this sort of thing that's just like, hey, read screen.
Jackson Bierfeldt: I don't think there's a lot. This is, weirdly something where I think the theory of what needs to be done is, like, super clear. It's just like, get the HTML, take it into our system. Extract the right stuff. The engineering problem here is just gathering as many different shapes of that as possible and creating something that's like quasi LM and quasi deterministic and fast enough to feel good, but not super expensive. It's just like all these little levers that kind of just need to be iterated on and experimented. Like, I don't think that there's, like, a markdown file that could be handed over for this that would fundamentally change the scope.
Marcus Irven: Okay. Jackson already explained it. But, yes, scraping websites is, like, for years, has been always kind of challenging because it's out of your control and you don't know what you're getting. And so an LMS that theoretically will help help with that because they could, you know, put some fuzziness in there. But it is a little bit of a whack a mole thing. I think one thing that we could consider doing is, like, can we, like, without launching the feature, start, like, pulling some of that in and analyzing it and seeing if we could get it? Like, I think we have to be a little bit careful there, like. As far as, like, you know. Do we need to be transparent with what we're doing in some way, or is it just fine print somewhere or something? But that is potentially a baby step that we could do is just to start, like, looking at patient data and seeing how well we can match it without exposing it as a feature.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah.
Jackson Bierfeldt: It's a great idea, but one that, like, if someone found out that we were, like, scraping the data without talent, like, that would be.
Marcus Irven: That's what I was saying.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah. Optics on that are horrible. So we have to be pretty.
Nathan Peereboom: Is there any way to do this where we don't touch the HTML, but instead we're, like, looking at, like, Like, we're taking a picture of it or something like that, and then we're analyzing the picture with, like, some OCR thing.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Totally.
Marcus Irven: Not sure that's any easier or better.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah. I mean, this is what I mean by like. We just need someone just needs to put their hands on it and run these experiments and be like, wait, when you take a picture, can you take a picture of just what's in the current Dom? Or are you able to take a picture of like. Or, sorry, the observability window, or are you able to, like, like, does anyone know what's the API there? Like, can you get the whole picture? If you do, how do you send that over? How many tokens does it take? Like, we might find out that in doing that, we're actually spending 65 cents every single time we, like, scrape someone's page and that the unit economics here just, like, do not work because we're like, racking up 78 dollars every time someone opens their ehr and like, only getting the correct information once because we, like, didn't build the caching right. Like, they're just like, is stuff that needs to be solved on this, even for a minimum thing. Like the the demo of this. This is a classic example of the demo with one ehr super easy. Actually making it work for our customer base, which we know is like a diverse set of ehr is non tech savvy. People who need the right ui telling them when something's errored and when there's a problem, that's like where this gets, you know, kind of.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, here's how. I feel about it. If there's. Well, first of all, Jackson, it sounds like you're evolving from the theory of how to do this is really very obvious to. We actually need to do some R and D to, like, figure out what the options are and how they work.
Marcus Irven: Things.
Nathan Peereboom: The R and D.
Marcus Irven: I think the R and D is obvious is probably what he was saying before.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah. Like, this is a solved thing. Like, you can go on Twitter and just see what the nine different ways.
Nathan Peereboom: That's what I'm saying. Would it be helpful for Becca and I to do that research for you guys, though?
Jackson Bierfeldt: Not really. I mean, you could save us six minutes, I guess, of like doing a Google search, but it's not like we don't have to go and actually do it.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, here's how I feel about it. If this is going to be an ehr by ehr activity. And one in which every time we add an ehr, we're adding a basically subscription task. To update this. I think we should kill it immediately and say this is something we are never going to provide.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Well. We just have to build it in such a way that, like, it starts working because it's not just ehr by ehr. It's not like we're, like, saving a hard config, like, oh, it works this way with simple practice, because simple practice is going to change their UI tomorrow. You know what I mean? Like, they're. You have to build it in such a way that it, like, generalizes, but the way that you do that, you just have to, like, keep improving it and, like, eating more and more of the. Of the shape. Like, it's a get better with time situation.
Jackson Bierfeldt: But it does take cycles. Like this kind of thing, it just. There's. Unless we have the absolute perfect test suite. And I mean, we should try, like, whoever builds this next, if they don't make 10 accounts. On different ehrs. And, like, build a, you know, harness that, like, makes this thing automatically go through and test all the different ones every single time. Then they're wasting their time. Like, we have to be clever about it.
Jackson Bierfeldt: But I'm just saying, like, this is not a, like, build it, ship it, and, oh, it just, like, works on. Everything situation. It's very messy.
Nathan Peereboom: I guess I'm just not understanding why reading a website.
Marcus Irven: Though.
Nathan Peereboom: Well, I think if reading a website is something that has not been solved in a plug and play sense, which you guys, it seems to be saying it's not,
Marcus Irven: but reading it, but understanding it is not like. And it's like something that's completely out of your control. You don't know what all the data looks like what all the structure looks like. Sometimes text isn't just text, it's generated by JavaScript. Sometimes people get funny and they put images in there instead of text. Like there's just scraping websites. Has been an unsolved problem for decades. Like, it's. It is easier now with LLMs, but it's not completely solved.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. So I would just say if it's something that the entire Internet community has still not figured out how to generalize, I think we should not actually try and solve it. At all. Because there's nothing special about EHR websites that's going to give us some kind of edge, where it's like, oh, we looked at 10 of them and we've got a general pattern, because EHR websites, like, I don't know, they only hire engineers from this one school and they only think in this one design pattern, like, it's just a timing.
Jackson Bierfeldt: It's a timing thing. Like, all our competitors have already built this exact thing, and it works. You know, we've built this and, like, iterated on it, and it sounds like it mostly works. I mean, I haven't actually tested it, but. For the thing where we push it, it works, right? We can make it work for scraping patient pages as well. It's purely a question of do we spend the time on it right now. That's all it is. It's not like, oh, I'm not saying, oh, this is going to take six months of, like, super hardcore. Engineering is really not that hard. It just, like, takes cycles.
Marcus Irven: It just. We just have to have the test suite and be able to build against it.
Jackson Bierfeldt: And that is, I think, setting up tests and setting up that test suite takes time. Like, it's purely the question here. Like I said, I'm sorry, I'm going to come back to this. But it's that fork. It's like, do we want to use the version where we say, hey, one person spends one day we make this thing better and we get it out. Or do we say, hey, one person is going to spend a week on this, upgrade it, and then we're going to get that out.
Jackson Bierfeldt: That's the main question. It still stands.
Nathan Peereboom: Oh, so it went from a one medium. For you, Jackson, to a five medium. Yeah.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Like when you have one medium. Yeah, I sized it for, like, how to upgrade this in order to, you know, push information. Out.
Jackson Bierfeldt: The push is a 1 medium, the pole is a 5 medium or a 5 large.
Nathan Peereboom: Oh, okay. Well, then great. We're definitely not doing that, then. That's an insane way to spend time.
Nathan Peereboom: So let's just refresh. Let's do the design. Refresh. Let's kill discrepancy. Let's kill profile. Let's kill this profile page. Everything else should be fine. And that's it. There's no circumstance where it makes sense for someone to spend a week. Working on this. Given everything else we have to do right now.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah. Given everything else that we have to do right now, I completely agree. Now, is this the front door to us, like, eventually making a great ehr transition system where we're secretly just pulling all the information? Yes, 100%. If people start using this to push the note in and then we eventually build in, like, use this to take the patient over, use this to take the other node over, then that is 1000% like, the way for people to secretly just be like, oh wait, actually, jotsyc is just synced with my ehr. Now. Like it just kind of happened and now I should migrate over.
Jackson Bierfeldt: So the vision of it is exactly spot on. If I could snap my fingers and have that exist, like I want the thing that you showed very much. It's just a matter of do we have the time and capacity right now? If we had. If Marcus was sitting around just being like, I got, like, two days to kill, you know, I'd be like, this would be a great thing for you to do.
Nathan Peereboom: Hey. Is it worth spending the six minutes of research to just see if there's some kind of, like, best practice that's generalizable about this right now? That allows us to do this in, like, the caveman way where we pull something in. We know it's, like, not. It's not 95% effective. It's 90% effective. We put a little caveat on that. The thing is, beta.
Jackson Bierfeldt: We get 10 accounts. If you say it's a two day project, we can spend one day making the thing look really good, and then we can spend another day building something that, like, hits 85% accuracy. But we just really thought about the UI experience of, like, showing that to them. I think that that's actually a great middle. Grab. Something where it's like, go and try and scrape the patient and it just tells you, like, sorry, this didn't work. Like, you know, we don't. We don't support true ehr or whatever it is. You know, if there's a way to do that that doesn't feel like frustrating and error y, then I think it's probably worth it because there is a golden case where, like, if we just scrape it, pull it in, the LLM looks at the format and it's like, oh, yeah, this is really clear. Everything's labeled really well. There's no weird aria, you know, blockings or whatever. Then, like, we could just be like, that's the name. That's the date of birth. You know, we know how to sort of store that on our end. So there is. There is a middle ground there, too. But it just is additional work.
Nathan Peereboom: I think that that's the middle ground. And I think that I'm curious about the percentage, because then we have something to actually, like, hit against. I mean, talk about a test suite. Like, the only test suite that actually matters is the patient chart. Weighted distribution of EHR exposure across our portfolio. It's like.
Nathan Peereboom: Very hard for us to build a test suite, but we have a perfect test suite, and we should just use. We should test improv for this, in my opinion. And just have a really good error handling when we can't find something.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah, I'm open to that. Marcus. Becca. Does that sound agreeable to you, at least in an experimental level?
Marcus Irven: Yeah. I think the trick is just with the UX is like, how do you make it? Work. When it works, it works. And when doesn't work, it works.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, so let me.
Nathan Peereboom: Let me take that back and try and build in some of that error handling. Hey, we looked for this. Couldn't find it.
Marcus Irven: Or maybe somehow like.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah, yeah. I mean, couldn't find it is frustrating because they're like, it's right there.
Marcus Irven: If they tried using it, every time it says they can't find it, then I think that is going to be a bad experience.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah. So it's got to be something like your. Platform is not supported. You know, getting taught like that's.
Marcus Irven: Or they don't even know that it was a thing that we were doing. Something.
Becca Bressler: Well.
Nathan Peereboom: Oh, yeah. Okay. So, yeah, Marcus, we can add in that, like, consent feature, so to speak. Or, like, that consent notification, if that's what you're gesturing at.
Marcus Irven: No, I was just saying, like, from a user experience, like if. If we can't. If we can't identify the patient. Then there's no UX around patients. I don't know.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, yeah, like, don't show. There's no reason to show this screen. Or this screen if we can't see the patient. Yeah.
Jackson Bierfeldt: I'm going to caution, though, that, like, scraping the patient page should be an affirmative user initiative. Yes. I don't think we should just, like. Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: But this page. Is affirmative on clicking into. Yeah. So when you click into a patient and it gets identified, the discrepancy. Gets noted here. So I think what we do,
Jackson Bierfeldt: the discrepancy thing, definitely, we're cutting that for right now. I think that's too much. Weird.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay? The point, though, is that we're going to add in some warnings and some better language here. Discrepancy is not going to show up. Like, unless there's already a salted note that's pulling forward data that needs to be modified. And then the third thing. Here's a question.
Nathan Peereboom: Someone clicks detect patient. In order to get this or this. If nothing is detected, do we want to give them access to our calendly and be like, hey, Talk to Jotsite customer support and use that as, like, part of that cycle of, like, sanding the edges.
Becca Bressler: That sounds smart.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah, I'm open to that.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay. Okay.
Jackson Bierfeldt: And look, at a minimum, we, like, log a telemetry thing so that we just start seeing a dashboard to being like, oh, everyone that's trying this in, Dr. Chrono, it's failing.
Nathan Peereboom: Guys, I'm so sorry. I have to go. I think Brain Health is having a meeting right now.
Jackson Bierfeldt: I have to run.
Nathan Peereboom: I'm so sorry. I'll be back.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah. Okay, so I guess the question just. Is. I think it's a two day thing. At max. It might be a one day thing if, like, the front end is actually that that slow. Let's call the 1.5 day thing. But, like, who can do it? And when.
Marcus Irven: We'll just get back to you on that it's probably, like, beginning of next week thing, unless. We? Well, I guess. How does this weigh against the eligibility stuff? That's, like, in process. Eligibility.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Are you asking me, Rebecca, or above?
Marcus Irven: I'm asking you.
Becca Bressler: No idea.
Marcus Irven: From a prioritization. Thing. I don't know where. What, the eligibility work is holding you guys back?
Jackson Bierfeldt: I have no idea what's going on with eligibility at all.
Marcus Irven: Does it work? I think there's still some work. Let's get back to you. Let us figure out what all we have and. And we can tell you who and when.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Okay, sounds good. So I think we can, you know, hopefully make, like, a tightish version of that. I mean, I'm pretty confident, Marcus, that, like, the 80% version of this is actually not that hard.
Marcus Irven: I think probably true, too.
Jackson Bierfeldt: So we should at least give it a try. Enough. After, like, two hours, we're just like, oh, this is hopeless. We can flag it, but, you know, I think if we get the UX right, instead of just being like, hey, it's not going to work
Marcus Irven: a one way into John Psych. Or two way?
Jackson Bierfeldt: Well, two way, because we're pushing the note and then pulling the.
Marcus Irven: I'm talking specifically about patient information.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Oh, yeah, yeah. One way in the job set. Yep. Okay? Great. What's this? Template builder. Update conversation.
Becca Bressler: I think Nate wants to talk about thing he built and then think he asked me to build the prototypes for template builder.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Okay, so we need him for that. Probably, yeah. Well, we'll just see what happens with his other call, then.
Becca Bressler: Cool.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Totally. Okay, thank you.
Marcus Irven: Soon.