Jack Waugh: Hey Kenya, this is Jack from Jotzych. How are you? Oh, okay. Gotcha. Okay. Was there anything about it? That, oh, sorry, go ahead. Gotcha. Okay, well, that's no problem. And just for my notes here, because it's always helpful feedback for us to pass along to our team. Was there a specific feature in JotSec that felt like it wasn't quite flowing as nicely as would have been ideal? That's totally fine. And I'll tell you this since it looks like you still have a trial for a little while. If you do decide to just try it out on another encounter. What might help is if you do the AI note editor. So sometimes I don't know if we went over that or not. We might not have had a chance, but there is a little sidebar off to the right. Where you can kind of tell the template how to write in your voice specifically. So the nice thing about this is when you do it once, if you tell that note editor going forward, always put this section in this way. It'll actually do that. I only reason I mention that is I have a feeling that if you were to try that and you can tell me if you found differently. I think it might run a little smoother for you. So just wanted to mention that while you're trying it, you're more than welcome to at least give that a shot to see if that fixes the problem because I have a feeling it might. Does that sound like it might potentially. Solve that? It's totally fine. And you know, it's no, there's no commitment needed. I just wanted to mention that while we're talking today, only reason I mentioned it is because sometimes over the long run, when people try these different scribes out, they find that they end up coming back to jot psych because in the long run, the language is a little bit more specific to psych billing. So if OneNote seems like it's like, okay, well, this seemed to do the trick. I only asked the question not saying I have the answer. Maybe you do find this other scribe works better for you. But there are some times where you might run into issues with the note getting approved through. That makes sense. If you do find that, I just wanted to mention that, you know, feel free to keep using it. And I can also send you, like if you want to reach out, I can message you any instructions to use that note editor. Because you might find that that actually makes it, like, a lot smoother. And if you do that. Yeah, and if you do that, just type in going forward on this template and then it'll, it'll make that update for you. Okay, thanks Kenya. Well, let me know if you have any other questions in the meantime. Take care.