Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Hang out. We need to make that ERX button red or we need it to stick out or we need to put it. The arx. The prescribing button?
Adam Harrison: Yeah. Do you mind showing me? Because I will send. Then I can just send it directly to our product manager.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: That may go over here. Going to here. Under our little chart here, maybe.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: So when I go in here to prescribe. One thing it'd be. Not that that percentage was down here. So down in this tray where the forms of labs and stuff are. Because when I'm scrolling down to find that button, I scroll past it every time because it blends in. It needs to be a different color. Or it needs to be down here in this tray, because to scroll down to prescribe and have to go in their chart, it would just be better if it's just available no matter where you're at in their chart, because at least, I mean, that's the prescribers. That's one of our main things that we're going to be using, but it does blend in. That is one thing that I noticed. It does need to stand out more. And we need a shortcut button or something down here at the bottom or somewhere. I don't care where you put it. You can put the top, but I don't carry, but it just needs to stand out better. Can I ask?
Adam Harrison: Yeah. I was just going to ask. Are you normally go when you're doing. Do you usually do that from this page?
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: You want to look at all? This is the only page I know how to get to. There's only way I know how to get to it.
Adam Harrison: I just mean more in your ideal state, would it be like when you're reviewing the note, would you want to just record?
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Right. So when we recording, obviously it's not generated. So if it's down here, this little tray down at the bottom is always available, you know, no matter if I'm in. This screen or if I'm in. In the chart or no matter where I'm at. And so if I'm just in here and I want to pull up their meds, it's just a matter of I don't care which page it's in. But. I just know that it's blending in for me. I'm having to. 1. I'm having to scroll down to look for it, to prescribe, and really what I need. I think I sent you a list. So, like, this is, like, disorganized to me. I'm sorry, I don't. Mean to flip up and down so much encounter. Yes. So, like, I got this random back anxiety inventory score in this that is above my diagnosis, but then below it, I have the SCAD7. We need a way to reorganize this dashboard because my priority is going to be obviously my encounters are over here. Which is good. I want to know, you know, my diagnosis isn't my medications. And I want I'm going to prescribe something, probably. And of course, allergies needs to be close to that, too, because obviously, I need to know what their allergies are, but their allergies are going to be in that e prescribed, so. But either way, those are my priority as a prescriber.
Adam Harrison: I need those.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Or over to the left or I just need them somewhere. Because the test or the screening results are nice, and I like them, and I like them there. But that's not my priority when I go into the chart, if I'm going into that chart. I'm going into prescribe something. And a couple of things to consider. And I know that we're still working on it. So is that two things that we ran into yesterday? Sold my nurse. She wanted to take somebody back, get them started and everything. She needs the ability to record. And I didn't know if she could record on mine at the same time that I was recording another patient because she was trying to. We were trying to catch up. I was here till 8:30 last night, but it was like, I don't know if you can record at the same time. I can, and her. Login doesn't allow her to record. And then I don't know if I can get into the note after she's been into the notes, so you know what I mean. We need to be able to work. My nurse needs to be able to work with me. And she needs to be able to. Most of the epis have a way for the nurse to go in and refill medicine. So, like my nurse has permission to give people 30 days of a non controlled medication until they can get and they have 30 days to make an appointment and come in. And so it's just kind of a sanding thing. As long as it's not something crazy. And she knows, she's worked with me long enough, she knows what's what. So she can go in the and to our copia and she can like just like I gave her a verbal order, she can send in non controlled. Prescriptions. She can also send me a request for like the controlled prescriptions that is probably built into the prescribed somewhere somehow. I don't know how to do it. But the nursing staff needs and people's medical assistance, they're going to need the ability to do that and then. Ability. It would be nice if she could start a patient's chart that day and then I know you can add more than one recording and then. May be able to pick up and go from there. But also sometimes it's taken to consideration is and I started building a template. I note template and I don't know if I finished it. Telephone calls. So the nurses answered a bunch of telephone calls. She needs to be able to document that in a patient's chart. So if she can just do the same as what we do with the telehealth, turn on the recording. And I think I did start building that because I ask it to. Our common thing. I could put build a template for telephone call. I think I told it to build a template for telephone call, the time medication requested or something, and it built something. But she needs. She will need access to that. My. All my staff will need access to that. Everybody answers the phone so they can document that they did send that prescription or they did do something. Another problem we ran into yesterday was in the know in our job audit. And one thing it wants us to do is which we're supposed to. Put for telehealth that I am located in Piggott, Arkansas, and that patient is located wherever they're at. So I told it to create a rule that all of the staff here. So would be in Pigott, Arkansas, and the patient would be at their address. And it's not putting it in there, right? It's. It's doing something crazy. I don't have to show you. Here, let me.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, can you show me?
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Because who was telehealth on? I was like, oh, that looks crazy.
Adam Harrison: Alexandra with a jaw audit talking about.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Yes. So the DoT audit, it tells you. Okay, so here's. Here's where we ran into the problem. I got it to work right at first, but then I didn't realize that my nurse practitioner in Kansas City actually got motivated and did something. And so she taught it to say that she's always in Kansas City and the patients at their address. So now we gotta have a way to separate that out that Hades. And it's gonna say Katie's and Kansas City. And everybody else is gonna be in Pig at Arkansas, and the patient's gonna be automatically at their address. But I think what it did. Let me see if this is the one that it did it in. It just has. So at first it said the patient was at its address. And like, Kenneth, Missouri or Piggott, Arkansas, or wherever. Now just put like, a holder there or something. But anyways, I think I messed it up. I think I've got, like, too many rules in there and they're competing with each other or something. Oh, here it is. So you see this coordination of care, it says client located at home. It just says city, state for chart. But that doesn't, like, put. It there. I wanted to put, like, what? The city and the state, wherever, just automatically, if it's. If it is. A telehealth. I want it to automatically put in there the city and the state where their home address is, because most likely that's where they're going to be. And then I want the provider to automatically be at their default. Clinic site because all of us, except for one provider at this office and Payette, Arkansas, we run everything through this office. And then we have one provider in Kansas City. So anyways, after we both ended up putting in competing rules and doing anyways, I jacked it up. Now it's just putting this in there. The city and the state. So I messed it up. Probably. But you're going to have to fix it, because I don't want to fix it. So that was a competing thing. I'm trying to think if there was anything else. That. We run into yesterday? Because we're trying to start. Like, I'm trying to get my nurse to start using this. More. What else was there? The jot audit may are not getting along with the coding right now. I don't know how to fix it. I don't know. I don't know the solution to it. I don't know how to fix it. So it does not want to do my therapy code. It's given. It's arguing with me about my therapy code. And this is common. This is not just you guys. And I don't know how you're going to fix it. So the medical provider, when they come in and talk to me, Their therapeutic intervention. And their therapy starts with their medication management business. I don't say. Okay, the first five minutes of your visit is going to be we're just going to talk about your medicine, and then from this time to this time, we're going to do therapy. It's just all mixed together, and the software seems to have a problem separating that. And then it gives me some kind of. It's not on this one. It gives me some kind of error code or something on the job audit that I can't do. The 90833. Something about the time. Even when I can, you know, I go click on that, add on psychotherapy and I put a number. A minutes in there. It's still. That still gives me a code. Let me see if I can find you. No, because yesterday I use this all day yesterday and I tried to prescribe out of it all day yesterday. I'm trying to get my people moving as I go. The end of the day ended up. Just using my old EMR just because I was so far behind, just moving people over and just. We had crisis this yesterday. We had nine kinds of things going on. Let's see. Who would it have been? I don't know. Adult MO don't know. Don't know. Scott was one of them.
Adam Harrison: What was the name of your RN again?
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Rachel allison.
Adam Harrison: Rachel, okay? She is not on. She doesn't have a Jotsec account at this point, right?
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Oh, no, she does.
Adam Harrison: She does. Yeah, she does.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: She's on the top. She stays logged in under mine because she helps me move over my notes. And I'm trying to show her. Like I said, until we get all the features where they can cross connect and everything works together, interface is good. Then she works under my login, which she's not sending any prescriptions or anything under it right now. But she's learning, you know, the other pieces. And like I said, she needs to be able to do that. But she's going to be one of the biggest ones, because if somebody calls for a medication that she's going to take care of, then it's all going to go to Rachel's. Rachel's going to be the one that's going to take care of that in our office. But forgot what I was saying. Maybe it's over here. Give you some telehealth documentation needed. So this is where it tells me I've got a data that I got to put the location and I was trying to teach that the modality I need this just to automatically say that we are. I guess we'll type me back over here. Just go back over here. So I told it to say automatically say that it is. The. Oh, my gosh. What is a video record? It's video. We don't do any telet, just telephone.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Everything is going to be the doxy may. So it just might as well automatically on the telehealth site that we use the video, we don't use the other. So that will help with the jot audit and time. So here it is. The time documentation may be on the psychotherapy. Is that the one. So it's tagging me on this psychotherapy. So the problem is then that that is documented at the bottom of this chart. And if I leave it and sign it, then it's going to be contraindicate me on my own note for my billing, and it's not picking that up, right? For us on the psychotherapy part, and that was something. The nurse practitioner that came to visit today, she said that she was having the same issue, that since ours is so mixed up together, and it's from the start to the end of the visit, is psychotherapy and medication mixed together? It's doing the same thing for her. And I said, well, I'm going to talk to him today and make him see what we can do. So some charts I know that we can document that greater than 16 minutes of the visit was or greater than whatever minutes was psychotherapy, because we don't have a start and end for just the psychotherapy part. So I don't know how to address that with the AI to make it not tag me for that every time, because it's going to. And I can figure a way around it. The A and M code level. I think the problem I've had with it is been me. I don't think it's the software like it's doing what it's supposed to do, but, like, the girl that came in yesterday and today was suicidal and it marked her as a 99214. She should have been a 99215. Documents, notes. Sarah Willard. So this teenager one, she's a teenager on an antidepressant, so she's high risk anyways. And she came in with suicidal thoughts. But I think what did it? I'm going to show you. What I currently use before I'm changing over to you. Let me change the screen real quick. I want to present something else. Not calendar view. Maybe it's this, not that. I will notice this, okay? So at the end, all of our can you say that medical decision making thing now at the end of all of our notes on Valent, we have this medical decision making model. And I'm thankful it was is I didn't say that I considered hospitalization maybe for the patient. And that's why I didn't do it because you had to have one in each to be able to do a 99215. And this is what. This is kind of a cheat sheet that most of us use to do that. I think it was me because I didn't say anything, because obviously I'm considering that. But I know it's not going to read my mind. So I have to say it out loud that I'm considered hospitalization, but also the drug therapy requiring intensive monitoring. I believe, and I could be wrong, I need to double check this, that all antipsychotics are included in that, because I do have to monitor their metabolics and things like that for prolactin levels and diabetes and their cholesterol, so that I put her on an antipsychotic to add with her medicine. So that really should. This was just a high risk patient that came in and should have been my 92 inhabit. I think it was me. I'm not sure that. I don't think it was Jotzac. I think it's. I should have said something out loud. To make it say, okay, yeah, this is harsh. Or typed it in. That little. I forget about that little note. So I can type in stuff sometimes when it's recording. Too. But she wouldn't have done well with hospitalization. And I did ask her, can you keep yourself safe? We made a safety plan with her mom before she left and stuff. But this is kind of what I've used, things like this on there, so I think it was that. But this is one.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, this is. Super helpful. This is the same kind of criteria we use to determine.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: A code. What is review suggest? Okay, let me go back to this other screen because this is. This is new to me.
Adam Harrison: I'm still seeing.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: If they let me do if I can do their okay. They'll pop up. There we go. So up here it says review suggested. And I seen her probably a little bit longer because I think I forgot to turn on the recording when she first walked in.
Adam Harrison: But anyways.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: It. 's saying. They recommend just this. But there's no way because obviously I didn't take a suicidal kid and not give her psychotherapy. So I don't know what I'm doing. I don't know what I'm making it not do my psychotherapy. It's arguing with me about that. He said, make sure I put that number in there. But even when I'm putting the number in there, it wants a specific time set aside. And there is just like. No, I mean, I just have to kind of estimate how much of that. I mean, it all really is the whole time I'm evaluating and psychotherapy. With all of it, but it doesn't want to give me. It doesn't want to give me that. Let's see. What's this view? Audit issues for this section.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, this is super helpful feedback. I am admittedly not as close to the some of the product stuff for this specific feature, but I will definitely relay all of this back to the rest of the team both on eprescribe all of these job audit things.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: The other thing that I'll notice. I thought about. I thought about. I had an afterthought after we talked. So you said where you emailed me we're going to start Monday with UnitedHealthcare, right?
Adam Harrison: Yes.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: We were talking about era so I'm going to drop as much as I can this week. I'm going to try to get everything signed off that I can, but there's no way we're not going to get those mixed up because Kansas City has United Healthcare, too, and we send all those claims to the same place.
Adam Harrison: We're going to get address that. So I think they're under separate billing identities. Your. Your picket in Kansas City.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Like the location.
Adam Harrison: Well, when you submit a claim, doesn't it?
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: It's going to separate it by side.
Adam Harrison: Yes, it'll separate it by site. I see what you're saying, but it's billed like.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Like when I send that claim, it's going to go to. It's a standard United Healthcare place. I think it all goes to the same place for this. It's. The claim is submitted to the same place for both clinics, so we're going to get eras back. And when we change that era, I think I'm not maybe wrong, but I think it's going to change it for both sides. It may not. I don't know. It's been so long since I set that up.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, I think I would have to look at how it's set up. If it's the same. Do you know if it's the same group MPI or a different mpi?
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: It's all under the sign group npa.
Adam Harrison: And you, Bill.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: It's just another address.
Adam Harrison: In that case, I think you're right then it's gonna for some reason I thought it was separate group mpis, but that makes sense it would be one so I think in that case, let me go back to the drawing board and see if there is maybe a different payer that is just just your one off Arkansas Blue Crossway shield.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: And Medicaid would be just this office. And because all of her Blue Cross Blue Shield goes through Kansas City Blue Cross Blue Shield. So all of our all of our Blue Cross Blue Shield goes through Arkansas Blue Cross Blue Shield. And then, of course, Arkansas Medicaid's just going to go to Arkansas. Medicaid. She's not going to have any of those. I don't know she's got any will care. I'd have to go. I don't know how it would even look for that. I know we have well care, but I can't remember if she has well care up in Missouri or not. But I do know that Blue Cross Blue Shield in Arkansas Medicaid are going to be just ours. And our Medicare is different. Our Medicare is. It's built under the same npi. But we do, we do submit them to the same place. But I believe. My insurance because no footage. Take care of Arkansas and bonds and something takes care of Missouri. Let me see if it's in there. Separate. I can't remember. What I said. All this billing is tricky. I knew this was going to be the tricky part. So I expected some of this under my Parsons and Institutions insurance companies. Let me see if my Medicare is in there separate because. Arkansas Total Care, which I don't have a whole lot of those, but that's still going to be just here and better of Arkansas. I don't know if we have an Ambit or Missouri.
Adam Harrison: What about Humana?
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Humana. That'll be both sides, different addresses,
Adam Harrison: but I don't know if you have any patients who are Humana right now. I think that was reunited, but let me check. I think that's what I was looking at, like, in the next.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Okay. As I say, I know we have patients up there that are on United Healthcare because UnitedHealthcare is one of the managed care programs for Missouri Medicaid. Care source is just here, but I don't think I've got hardly anybody with care source in the next two weeks. I feel like it's kind of hit or miss around here. Empower of Arkansas that's just here. And I know we got some Empire people, but I don't know how many. Yes. And so our Arkansas and Missouri Ambedder are separated and better of our. So this office will be just the Arkansas ambassador. So we are separating it. Let's say Missouri one's going to Farmington. Let me see if it's the same ADI but just the same ADI code. Though. Where to go. Is different. They're waste. Or let's see what this one is. Better. Yeah. Ambar. Yeah. Ambetter is my best payer. So. But we just can't. We can't screw that one up. That's my top hair.
Adam Harrison: I thought. For some reason, I thought.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Blue. It might be, but I think Ambiver is my top hair. Ambiter is one of them that will pay all of my codes. Blue Cross, Blue Shield. There's a few codes they won't pay that we bill those two. I will say those two are my best top two anyways and better blue. Cross Blue Shield. Because I have more of those than I do anything. Because even so, those are also commercial plans, but also they are who takes care of our Medicaid managed care. So it's like everybody either has. Most of our people either have and better or Blue Cross Blue Shield around here. And then we're starting to see a bunch of that consociate. Hell, they suck. It's one of the little hospitals around here. And when the nursing homes change to that consociate health. Whichever one. I'm game for anything at this point.
Adam Harrison: Okay? Well, I think so. I kind of initially thought United was just going to be the one office and just you.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Yeah, that was a handset thing and, you know, whatever's easiest. I mean, if United Healthcare, if we don't have anything billing out for a couple weeks with that and I think.
Adam Harrison: No, I'm just checking again. It looks like you do have some in Harrisonville coming up next week or next two weeks. So I think we're better off. I think you're right. Sticking with just piget office payers. So we should pick one of those. Whether it's Blue Cross, whether it's Ambedder, whether it's. I forget.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Blue Cross. Blue Cross. Blue Cross is one of my beasts. So.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, they're not paying out as well, I guess. Right.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: We got some codes we're going to be testing anyways, so I filed a complaint with. The insurance commissioner because they will pay position owned offices the monitoring codes for Spravato, but they won't pay a nurse practitioner on the office. Basically it's a discriminatory billing practices for the monitoring codes. So then they gave us a code that we could use which is like, it pays like a. Quarter of what the other one pays, but I don't even know if it's a quarter of it. I don't even know if it's that. But anyways, it's ridiculous. And the Arkansas insurance commissioner said, well, they're not technically breaking any laws, so they couldn't do anything. About it. But if there's going to be somebody's going to kick something back, I think it's probably going to be them.
Adam Harrison: Okay, yeah, that's a good point. Let's do them in that case. So with that in mind, given it's going to be noxious to you, but also your team, Should we. Maybe. I'm thinking maybe Monday or Tuesday. We can do kind of a training with everyone to make sure everyone.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: If we can do it at lunchtime, like 12:30 or something where everybody. I can get everybody together. I can order them a pizza or something.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, that's how good. Let me see. I can't do Monday at 12:30, but I could do Tuesday.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: I take a two hour lunch break, but my nurse practitioner does it. I will have to show my therapist when she gets back, which won't be a great big deal. She's out sick. I don't even know when. She's going to be back. Let me look at my calendar real quick. I've got it on scrap auto because I was teaching that lady bravado. I may want to look at next week's schedule. That's what I thought. Holy cow, Batman. Okay, so let me get this off my calendar. They got this bravado on my calendar instead of. Auto calendar. This is where I had to keep this vital on us, on its own calendar, because it'll clog it up. Yeah, both of my lunchtimes. I don't have anything programmed in there, so I just know I always run into lunch. It never fails. I don't care what I do. Somebody that's normally not crying is crying. But I'm looking at my patients that are coming in. They should be fine. They shouldn't be. Those shouldn't be a big problem.
Adam Harrison: Okay, well, what works for you on either Monday, Tuesday, or Wednesday? What are your usual lunch break hours?
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: My regular lunch hour is so everybody's regular lunch flyer is like 12 to 1. We do, like I said, run into it. But mine is 12 to 2. But for my staff, we need to do between 12 and 1 Central Time. Now, on Wednesday, that can be a little different if we look at Kathy's schedule. I don't know what her schedule looks like. Wednesday. I can come in at lunchtime on Wednesday or right before lunchtime if Kathy doesn't have any. Let's see what Kathy's got going on. Kathy should be here. He pull her schedule up real quick? She does not have anybody right before lunch, so I could lock her off. So Wednesday I can come in early and we can do with the girls, if you want to do it right before lunch. Or we can do it at lunchtime from 12 to 1.
Adam Harrison: Let me see. Is Wednesday the best day for you of Monday? Tuesday, Wednesday probably.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Tuesday is probably better.
Adam Harrison: Okay. Do you want to.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Yeah, let's do Tuesday, if you're okay with that and you don't have any conflicts.
Adam Harrison: You said 12 to 1 your time, right? So that's 1 to 2 my time.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: I think you're on Eastern, right?
Adam Harrison: Yeah. Okay? An invite for Tuesday. So who are the different people we need to have on rachel?
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: And all of our emails are the same. Let rachel at silo hill kelsey k e l s I kelsey sli health and amy. At salaw hill. And my son works a front desk, but they'll probably all just pile around me and pull the chairs up here to my computer. Usually what? What they do. And all he does up front is the calendar. He checks people in. On the calendar. I didn't even think about check in and check out. Button. We may not need that. We need a check in. We need to know when they're here so that they we know when they're out in the waiting room. I did not think about that when we talked about the calendar last time.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, that's a good, good refinement. So, pulling up, this is your job site group here, so we should add. Everyone from Pigott, I guess. Right. Which would be. Tammy.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Yeah, Bridget shouldn't be on there anymore. No, I didn't have Bridget on there, so we don't have to worry about that. Let me see here. I can see the screen. So, yeah, Rachel's here, Kelsey's here. Tammy Tripp's here, but I think she's in the hospital. I got a call. Check on her. Katie. Katherine is Katie. She's the one up north. Kathy Arizo. She's here. Me and Amy.
Adam Harrison: Yep. Okay, so I'll put everyone except for Katie Catherine on. On the invite. So what we'll walk through is we'll walk through a few things. One is, like, as a clinician, what do I need to do? From the start of my session to the end, you know, to kind of close out my note. And make sure it's in the billing queue. And that'll be like, I think what we'll focus on. Then we'll also spend a little bit of time talking about for, I think, more like Rachel and Kelsey. And we can maybe split it up. Like, the first half is more for clinicians, second half more admin or something like that. And for them, we go through. Hey, how do eligibility checks work? How do intake forms work? You know, all of those more like front of the house kind of. Kind of things. Does that work for you?
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Yes, it works. Good. Now, they and the girls are excited about having a different way to intake form, so you're going to make their day.
Adam Harrison: Oh, lovely. I love that. Ok, cool. Well, I'm excited to go through it. I guess, just while I have you for one more minute. Did I show you the intake form last time, or do we not go through that?
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: You said it was there, so I guess what I'll have to do. You can show me that. And then I'll have to make sure like it has all of our consents. I mean, I'm assuming it's right be a general consent. You know, the consent to build, consent to treat, consent for. Therapy. You know all those crazy consents you got to have for mental health.
Adam Harrison: Right now, it's a little bit more of a basic intake form. So we have, like, demographics, you know, insurance, payment, all that stuff. We have a general consent thing here. But actually, Amanda, if you wanted to just send me your, like. All your different intake forms that you use. We can just custom build it for you and put it into your account.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: They might already be there.
Adam Harrison: You already put it into jotsa.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Let me see that. So I was working on it. Let me see if it's in there because it's going to be under forms. Okay, let me look, because. Forms library. So, yeah, I worked. I was working on a student. I was trying to figure out if I could do a work note. Where's it at? So I made an authorization to release and discuss health and mental health information that I've been sending out to update. For this, and then I have. Let me see if I can send you what we've got, but if we can make it smaller, I mean, obviously I would. This Generic psychiatric intake and consent forms. Is this one. Is this yours or is this mine? It says my forms.
Adam Harrison: I think that's looks like yours, yeah.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: So I was playing with this. For pcp consent to communicate with their pcp. Reason for their visit. Acknowledgments. So I built some of this in here. So it might be able to be consolidated better. I was just playing, you know, playing with it.
Adam Harrison: Okay?
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: But this is kind of like. I know. I would like to and I think where I stopped at one is I didn't know if the demographic of the insurance information would move over, and I didn't know if I was doing it right, so I stopped.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: So it's like this doesn't have okay, because I don't think it's got the insurance information on here. I've opened it all up now, but so I started playing with it and then I stopped. And then also I would love and if it has to be sent separate, our girls can do that. It's no big deal, but I would love to attach like a couple of screeners with it. I don't want all the screeners. I definitely like a guide 7 and phq 9 to go automatically with the intake forms. And right now we have. And you've got it on here modified for adolescence. And I don't know if you can set it automatically, like if they're below, you know, you know, 18 or whatever that they modified version. I don't do these other one. I try not to over paperwork on when I send it.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: It's a balance. I try to just send, you know, send that. But one of those two up at the top Arkansas psychiatric treatment, medication insurance thing, I kind of I think I put that in chat GBT make sure I had all the legal stuff on there and then the authorization to release and discuss. I was just trying to update our stuff because especially that authorization to release information. I needed one kind of separate without sending it through there because some people might change your boyfriend three times a year and I don't know who I can talk to. And we need to be able to, like, pull that form when somebody calls, which we try not talk to anybody about anybody, but if somebody calls, That's the first form we're going to look for. Can we talk to this person? So that one needed to be separate and then. You may or may not. So I don't know how your billing stuff, it's going to be set up. Like, if it's in built in, it may already be built into what you've got. But that was so that we could bill and they knew their financial responsibility. And if we had to use you know, collections that we've got. They said before we had to have that.
Adam Harrison: Seems like you're already kind of jumping into form, so if. If. If there's anything we can do to, like, help you get these set up, just let me know.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: But yeah, otherwise, to add that insurance information into what I was building earlier or add those forms to the intake forms.
Adam Harrison: Yes, you definitely can add that. If you just go to edit, and then you should be able to just, like, add a section for insurance in there.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Because I don't know if I put that in there or not. So there was the demographics, contact. Yeah, I was. I was playing with it was trying to look at what we had already on our stuff. Yeah. So I didn't have insurance on there. I. I thought I didn't. So insurance over here. Yeah. So I may have to copy what you've got and then. Lord. I don't know. You know, I may have just. I don't know how I did this. I may have uploaded a PDF and they may have made this for me because I don't know that I put all this stuff together like this.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, it's probably. That's usually the easiest one. If you have a really good PDF, it's just. It's done for you in two seconds with this, so.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Yeah. So I don't see a way to, like, add insurance information.
Adam Harrison: Yeah. Like, build it yourself where you're,
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: you know, coffee years and then build off of it, I guess.
Adam Harrison: Yeah. Do you have, like, a good PDF that has everything?
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: I think I can pull it up off of my form Dr. Let me see. I know the girls print off our form doctors. Sometimes when people just swear they can't fill in blanks on form Dr. On their phone or their computer. So I think I have a way. To do it. If I can't, if I had to break it up, I'll just print them off and then scan them in and make one big PDF so that it's like one big form.
Adam Harrison: Okay?
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: I'll figure it out. But I'm going to work on charts this weekend and then I will work on this. We may start with the basic intake forms and then kind of expand from there, depending on how we do. But this weekend I've got to sign up, like, all my smrigado stuff and almost bravado notes. And everything.
Adam Harrison: Yes. And the one thing I do
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: want to I got a lot of unsigned notes I've got to go through and do. Some of mine will say unsigned. And. Because, like, I guess, like, when they moved them over from Jotsack into our other system, then I'll have to look where I need to start. And then we'll have to find a way to go back. I guess, if there's a way in, like. Like autocomplete everything before a certain. Date because I know that they've already been moved over or something. And two, when we move over. So this may be interesting. When we move over, our documents and stuff. From violent. We're going to have a lot of duplicates because we copied it out of here into the other ehr, so that might be interesting too.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, right now.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Photo. Photo. Are y'all going to put a thing in there so we can. And the patient's information put a picture of them?
Adam Harrison: Oh, like. An actual not like a photo. Their insurance card. Like a photo of the patient?
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Yes, just a photo.
Adam Harrison: Interesting idea. I don't think let me actually
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: HRS now have for like another I didn't identifier and it's really helpful for me, like when I go back and do notes if I'M trying to remember, like who this new person was, but to put a photo is part of their demographics. And it would be nice. And I don't know where you guys are at with this is that if we had a. An app that the providers and staff could use, so we could just take that picture with a phone or take that picture with an iPad or something. We do like the webcam thing out front, but it just. Just doesn't seem to work as well as the ones we've had before that. We could use a tablet or something to take a picture with.
Adam Harrison: Got it. Got it. Okay, I will jot that down. No, no. This is all really helpful. Let's. Yeah, I think it'll be fun to go through all this Tuesday together. You know, it will be a little bit of, you know, it's going to be a little tricky to start because it's going to be like, You know, probably some duplicative entry of data across different places. So. But I think the goal is let's just kind of start marching down that path, and then the sooner we can get to just everything in one place, the better.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Like you're right. And you'll find my staff's pretty easy to get along with. There's not anybody that's just really afraid to just get in there and click and do Molly. Hesitant one is the one up in comparison, Bill, Because I think it's just because I'm not. Up there. To say, okay, Just click on it. Just go.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, yeah. Okay. Well, great. Well, I hope you have a great weekend, and I look forward to. Yeah, reconvening and meeting your whole team Tuesday.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: All right. Thank you very much. And I'll email you if I think of anything else. I don't think there's anything that else that I found that's been a kind of an issue just finding that button and those other things. You've got the list. So I'll talk to you. Then.
Adam Harrison: All right. Thanks, amanda. Take care.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: All right.
Adam Harrison: Bye. Bye. Bye.