James Kennedy: Good afternoon.
Nathan Peereboom: Good afternoon. One second. Let me send this. To Emily. Okay, Emily, you should have it now. Okay. You bet. See you in a sec. Hey, can you hear me all right?
James Kennedy: Yeah, I can hear fine.
Nathan Peereboom: Perfect. Hey, good to see you.
James Kennedy: Likewise.
Nathan Peereboom: So. Today we are going over your Jot now analysis. Is that right?
James Kennedy: Absolutely.
Nathan Peereboom: Awesome.
James Kennedy: I just sent the link over to Brianne as well. I think I might have sent her a previous meeting. Like, just want to make sure she's on here because she's our billing specialist.
Nathan Peereboom: Totally. Totally.
James Kennedy: Good. No worries. We're good.
Nathan Peereboom: James, you've met Emily, right?
James Kennedy: Now.
Nathan Peereboom: Nice to meet you.
James Kennedy: Likewise.
Nathan Peereboom: Awesome. Well, yeah, Emily is going to be quarterbacking a lot of the next phase of us serving you. As you know, we're giving you this like three month discount system and we're letting you use these credits for new products or new seats in JotSych. And so what I'm going to do is I'm going to show you. Share my screen. I'm going to walk you through the results of your billing analysis. And then once I do that, I'll hand the mic over to Emily and she'll lead us through the rest of the process. Okay.
James Kennedy: Perfect. Let me just text Rianne. Perfect. Just to make sure. Actually, she's in office. Can you just give me one minute? I'm just going to knock on her door
Nathan Peereboom: and see if she's pulling out this right now. Too.
James Kennedy: All right, perfect. All right, I'll be right back. So I think she's logged in. She's in the meeting room. All right, there's my clone.
Nathan Peereboom: Welcome, welcome, welcome. How do you pronounce your name? Is it Rianne?
James Kennedy: Rhian.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. Rhiannon awesome. Great. All right. Well, I am going to share my screen.
James Kennedy: Perfect.
Nathan Peereboom: Go from there. Right. So. Here's what we did. We went through Valeant. We pulled in a bunch of data. And we took that data and we put it in the part of JotSych that shows you if you were going to build with us, this is like how your data would be coming across on a continuous basis. So the first thing that we like to look at is, and this is. Last week. And, you know, we only looked at three clinicians, I think a bunch of clinicians are billing under Katina. Is that right?
James Kennedy: There's yeah, there's still some incident too, which I think is pretty much resolved or close to it. Okay. Just we're waiting for full credential to go through. So that. S probably going to complicate some of this a little bit.
Nathan Peereboom: Great. Well, that's totally fine. When I show you this, there are going to be a bunch of caveats that you have. You know, this is just our first pass at the data. We know that there's a lot of nuance here, but I'll, I'll show you kind of how to navigate this. So we think about all businesses in this field being essentially a funnel. You know, you have a certain amount of available clinician time. Then you have how much of that gets scheduled. Some people call that utilization. Then you have attendance rates, which is a subset of scheduled appointments. Then you have a subset of those attended appointments that get charged. Or, or like signed rather. Then you have a subset of those that get the claim sent and then a subset of those that get paid. So at every point, the question that you need to ask as folks running this business is where is their leakage and how can I improve it? So when we look at this, you know, you can click into any particular field and we can, you know, we can answer questions here. So, you know, for example, we can look at no show rates. So, you know, there's a pretty big difference in no show rates by clinicians. So Alyssa, Jason, James, you sort of have a high no sure rate too. And there could be a million reasons for this. But, you know, here are all the clinicians that we looked at measured by their no show rates. Dalian Lauren have like fairly low no share rates. And so one of the things that we. You know, we can, we can do to help with this is we can send, you know, habitual like confirmation sequences when you schedule an appointment in JotSych. A lot of times that helps with people at least telling you if they're not going to show so you can fill the spot. Do you, do you guys use this feature at all? Is that something that is a part of your world?
James Kennedy: I don't use it in John Psych, but I actually collect this data on our Google workspace and it's kind of curated there and Notions are definitely one of the tracking things we look at appointment exceptions as well. And then late cancellations too. So those are things that we track. I mean, obviously I think. There's, there's no such thing as tracking those things too, too much. And I think just trying to figure out the core drivers. I mean for me, I've got just, I mean, a lot of people and we charge for no shows and I, for some reason have individuals that I don't even know why, but they don't care. Just charge them a 199 cancel, no show fee. And it blows my minds and boggles. You know, at every time, but there's a bunch of them. So I mean, yeah, I don't know how that's worked out. But it has. But it's, you know, it's, we want to know the reason for all these things. Like there, there should be, you know. And we try to do outreach. I think that's actually something we're building right now. We just built our first inbound AI agent. We're in the middle hopefully the next two to three weeks getting an outbound one for just more engagement because I think a lot of these, you know, yeah, you get your outliers, of course, but I think there's a lot of these that, especially their ADHD population that just forget their appointments. And one reminder, 48 hours beforehand is just not, it's not adequate.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. Super. Who do you guys, did you build your own inbound agent
James Kennedy: or so I'm working with clinic? Yeah, we're working with clinic pro about it. I mean, I kind of had the light infrastructure was about to do it. I just don't have enough, I don't have enough time and never went to school for coding, just kind of doing the best I can. So I've been working with them for the last probably six weeks. And then working a little bit with valence potentially work with their API, but I'm not sure we're going to move forward with that. I think we probably don't need to. But, you know, they're big problems, I think, with engagement. And with the no-shows for a lot of clinicians too, it's like getting them back into the practice is a real, real challenge. So what we did probably about three weeks ago is launch self scheduling. So they can actually self schedule an appointment request decreases that friction for kind of re-engagement. So, I mean, these are all things top of mind for me. We've been trying to throw the kitchen sink and solutions to it. And it's, I think it's been better. But I think again, got to track these metrics. They're, they're so important.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. Totally agree. Do the numbers on the page cohere with your understanding of the practice. Like just within, no, shows and cancellations at least.
James Kennedy: Yeah. I mean, I think topically just without looking at it. Yeah, I mean, I think it lists a really, she's a little bit with us here for probably about a month and a half.
James Kennedy: And the first literally, yeah, the first week was literally the blizzard, the worst snow that we've had in 50 years here. We didn't have four days at my house.
James Kennedy: I think another person here didn't have for five. So that was her first week starting. And then I think just afterwards, it was just clean up down here. So that was, that was really rough. I think it's been much, much better. After that two weeks sort of a period. But she's so new to it's like there's, you know, we don't have a ton of data points yet for her. Jason definitely with mine. Yeah. I just have a crew. That whatever reason. Sarah, I didn't know is that I was Sarah though. I think that that she's only a part time clinician too. So seeing that I knew that it was high, but I didn't mean that's a really significant right there. And then Lauren is, she's pretty new. She started a week before Melissa did. I think seeing that number is great. I mean, that's, that's reassuring. And then Katina, I didn't know that it would be that high at 11.4. So that's. That's helpful to know that. Where does this is this kind of drawn from like the valent calendar coding of everything.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, it's the difference between the appointments that happen in the appointments that get scheduled. And that is tracked in Valent. In. Um, you can see the industry average here is around 10. We use the MGMA benchmarks for each of these numbers. So yeah, I mean, I think it's, it's helpful to hear that you guys are throwing the kitchen sink at it. You have. Any. Like, do you have a theory about what the, okay, let's ask it this way. Let's say that you had a free person. Like you had someone who like their job was like purely to like fix this problem. What would you have them go do?
James Kennedy: At this point? I mean, I kind of just want to see what our interventions are going to kind of yield here. I don't know what more we could do other than getting the, you know, the outbound agent going just engaging people more sending them more reminders. But I think also there's, I mean, there's some core issues. I mean, it's just driven by diagnoses. Is this driven by in person versus telehealth. So those are things I've actually got. I've been working my second semester and they're with me for three, but I've got two doctor of nursing practice students doing their DMP capstone project with me from Boston College working on retention. So that's their entire project. And looking at all these other. Is it just a clinician based sort of thing? And, you know, there's a lot there. With our no shows too, we've added these kind of nuances with appointment exceptions. So, you know, generally I think they're probably used more than they should be. Typically there should be use, hey, if we've got more than 48 hours notice from the patient and we can reschedule them, great. There's no fee, but I think sometimes they're just being used more than they should be. And then, you know, patients kicked out again. It's just, it's decreasing utilization and it's a block that's just free and not being utilized for revenue sources.
James Kennedy: At least. Does this take into account rescheduling though? Like if an appointment is rescheduled that got canceled or is this just the cancellations?
Nathan Peereboom: It's a great question. I'm actually not sure. We can look into that for you. Um it's a really, really good question.
James Kennedy: Because I feel like if we want to really combat the issue then like also working on rescheduling same week if possible. That would kind of help eliminate some of this. I know a previous practices we would eliminate the fee if they're able to reschedule same week. So yeah.
James Kennedy: That's what we try to do, but I think it's hard. I think they, there's a little bit more flexibility than there probably should be here with that. So I think trying to kind of, you know, put some guardrails up. And I mean that's that's always been my kind of approach where it's like, hey, you know, if you're free and I'm free at the same time later that week, no harm, no foul, but just seeing how frequently this is happening. It's like, well, that's going to cut into another appointment block and that block that was initially blocked off is not being utilized. So there's a challenge there.
James Kennedy: Super.
Nathan Peereboom: Last question before we moved on to signed notes. What. Like what insight do you wish were on this page? Like you mentioned like cutting it by telehealth versus non telehealth. Rihanna like said, you know, there's this dynamic of like how much these get rescheduled. What other data would be helpful for you in terms of just feeling like you've got your arms around this problem.
James Kennedy: I mean something that I try to look at and it's hard to capture all the data, but it's what is the cadence between appointments and how much is it being influenced by these university sketch, you know, especially with our patients who are uncontrolled substances. Like they should be seen once a month. And with these like, all right, is this because of these rescheduling no shows? Is it like, you know, every six weeks they're being seen? How does it impact.
James Kennedy: Because you're pushing out to six weeks or seven weeks. It's like, guess what? You're going to end up with three or four less appointments on the books for the year. And you know, that's just lost.
James Kennedy: So right. I think that would be helpful. And again, also kind of what Rand brought up too. It's like, all right, is this, you know, is 15% of what we're seeing here related to people just being scheduled within 48 hours of that initial appointment date, which I would say I think a lot of that does. And my no shows, I, I mean, I definitely don't have that many people that are just not showing. I think a lot of the disappointment exceptions, I've got a lot of, you know, pretty busy professionals get called out. They're out of state and you have to sit there and find other times. So I think for, I mean, what Rayn Broadway is probably the highest yield.
James Kennedy: But again, also kind of just looking at the rate and the cadence of when are patients being seen? And is there, you know, is it just all over the place?
Nathan Peereboom: Is this really not dialed in?
James Kennedy: Yeah, yeah. Okay. Also, would this be able to be broken down by like type of appointment too? Because, you know, there's certain services that happen more frequently. And I feel like those may be more prone to cancellations, right? Of course, we don't want that to happen, especially like TMS services and stuff. But for patients seeing like three or four times a week, I just, I'm curious to see which services are getting the most not shows.
James Kennedy: Like.
Nathan Peereboom: Super. Yeah. Okay. So we can do a cut that way as well. Okay, great, incredibly helpful. I want to just keep like clipping us along here. So I'm going to move to signed notes. So signed notes, you guys, I mean, this is not like a crazy number of unsigned notes, but there are quite a few unsigned notes. You know, there's, looks like 50 to 60 unsigned notes here. And there is an additional charge capture gap that we have to like look into. But it might be worth talking to Jason about like what he's got outstanding. That said when a note gets signed, it does get charged, which is fantastic.
Nathan Peereboom: This is like one of my favorite little tables in this in this presentation.
Nathan Peereboom: So I'll just like walk through it. Um, you guys are probably aware of this. But I'm going to walk you through, walk you through essentially the rates that you get paid. For each appointment type by each payer. And then, you know, the rates of. Yeah. Okay. So first of all, when you look at your contracted rates, you have great rates from. Tufts blue benefit, sure rest. You know, Blue Cross Blue Shield is obviously like a huge pair for y'all, as you know. Cigna's a little bit soft. I'm not sure exactly like what's going on there, but you have something.
James Kennedy: We just renegotiated one of the contracts with them, but yeah. They're challenging. I think the newer rates are much more in line with what we'd expect. It's been rough with that. We've also had inconsistencies with them. Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: I would say that the TLDR of the pair and payment matrix is that when you look at the total paid versus what you're contracted, you guys are doing fantastic. Like you're actually billing like a little bit more than like what you're contracted for in most of your appointments when you combine insurance plus patient payments. The big exception is Tufts. Tufts is you guys, I don't know what is going on with your Tufts, you know, reimbursement. But when you look at the rates at which Tufts is reimbursing, it's like pretty low and like at a rate level. And when they do reimburse you, the amount that they pay you is a pretty small percentage of contract with for them. Now there could be something wrong with the data here.
James Kennedy: But no. So with Tufts, I don't think everything is entered in with Tufts because some of these come in paper only. So I have to kind of manually enter them. And if I haven't received them yet or, you know, like they get lost in translation, I have to go track those down and actually enter them. So some of this may be that they're just not entered into the system. So you're pulling from Valen, which means you wouldn't be able to pull if it's like showing that like, you know, there's a denial. I have to wait for, you know, a paper statement to actually enter these in. So they may like, it may show that it's missing, but it actually may be paid. And that's the case with some payers. So yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah.
James Kennedy: So these, I mean, this has been a problem we've been trying to get everything over to the eras, but it's, there's still just some pairs that send us paper checks and it's and some don't allow you to actually push through like health plans, Inc. Like you can't set up the ERA with them through wastars. So like we have to just kind of wait and sometimes there's delays in the payments. So that is kind of an issue that we've been dealing with with a few payers.
James Kennedy: Yeah. Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: I mean, as you can see in this. Sort of big differences across payer. Like numbers there. Of the others from Harvard Pilgrim to Cigna to UHC Tufts, Sunrest, Blue Benefit, which of those are sending you paper documentation right now.
James Kennedy: Blue benefit is Tufts is for some patients, not for others. I feel like United Healthcare for James's patients is all paper at this point. I don't know why I just called on to that. So I'm trying to like catch up with all his papers. Number one. I mean that's what my stacks are typically. Yeah. And then you. Still comes in through the ERA sometimes though. So like. They're kind of like half and half. I feel like and United like most United comes in through the ERA, but I feel like a lot of James's patients are still checks like the LLC or still checks and then health plans, Inc. Is a big one. And I have not been able to access their portal. I've signed up like four times now and they will not send you faxes for the OBs. So me trying to track down that blue benefit is another one too. So yeah, there's a few that just haven't, I've worked on setting up all the areas to the best of my ability, but some come a long way. Yeah. Some just are like 50 50 with it. Like they'll send some to the URA, some through Czech, some through virtual credit credit card.
Nathan Peereboom: So yeah. Okay. Gotcha. So it sounds like you would all benefit from a system that could kind of ingest all of that, put it into a single data structure so that you could look at it. That's my guess because right now it's sort of opaque. If you guys sent us those like access to those, I could redo this analysis with all of that paper documentation built in. It may be pretty hard, but I think I could do it. It might be worth it just for all of us understanding what's going on with your practice because without these being normalized, it's kind of worthless. You know, it's like not that helpful to see differences across payers without the last two weeks.
James Kennedy: I have been working on trying to catch up with all the paper.
James Kennedy: So yeah, hopefully, you know, I have like a stack. I have a lot more. I got a ton sitting in my office right now that I've been just holding for a bit.
James Kennedy: But it's voluminous. And then we do also have an issue where certain things are built through headway.
James Kennedy: So it may look like it denial, but it actually was built through headway. So I still try to work on zeroing out the visits that are built through headway because they're obviously built through different platform.
James Kennedy: And we actually, we've gotten way less build through headway recently. So that's a great thing. We're trying to move completely away from them. But, you know, certain credentialing issues have helped us back.
Nathan Peereboom: So yeah. That's really helpful to hear. If you guys, and again, us thinking about ways that we can kind of solve this issue. If we were to send you like a scanner and you were to take like that whole stack of papers and just like put it in the scanner and it was going to like take all of the papers and ingest them into like our data structure. Is that something that. Like you would be interested in beta testing?
James Kennedy: I think there's probably given the volume of it. I think there's probably a lot that would sit there and round out. And I mean, we have all the papers. I mean some organize better than others, but
James Kennedy: would that be able to like differentiate? Because we do still get papers when things come through the era too sometimes. So will that differentiate between the two? Like if it's like it will write it off.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah because they should all have like either transaction or appointment identifiers. I mean otherwise you even as a human wouldn't be able to differentiate like payment transaction.
James Kennedy: Yeah. Okay.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. This is. Right now and I think. We're definitely. Realizing that. With billing, you can't fix what you don't see. You can't know where to focus where you don't know there's a gap. And part of the strategy of payers is to make it so fragmented. That that it's like sort of impossible to like have like a god's eye view.
Nathan Peereboom: You know, this view, this view of like, hey, this is your, this is the funnel. And then hey, when you double click, this is exactly where we need to turn a dial or move a lever. That's the whole exercise. Here. You know, none of the prettiest analytics in the world can actually help you if the data is not right and it doesn't tell you what to do and it doesn't allow you to fix it. So we have a very deep interest as people who are, you know, obviously trying to solve this like billing conundrum for you in having a full picture. So if the issue is just like, hey, there's all this paperwork and there's different portals and like there's different like, you know, we're not getting everything in one place. That's something that we want to help you fix.
Nathan Peereboom: Otherwise otherwise the business is just leaking money all the time.
James Kennedy: I would absolutely time it's just so much of it goes to just trying to sort out this nonsense. Yeah, you know, I'm like double checking like is this paid through the era? Is this, you know, something I have to manually enter and I'm like going through all this stuff and like double checking like basically doubling down on my work a lot. So it becomes very time consuming. Whereas if we all had it in one place that would save me a lot of time and I would be able to properly follow up on things when you've followed up following up like certain claims that you have to call on, right? You know, I spent two days going through paperwork last week so and I'm not even sure is so I'm like, I would like my focus to be on actually getting that money that's missing. Too.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. Okay. Super that makes a ton of sense. Um let me see what we can do here. Because I think it's really worth I think it's really worth like. Collaborating on this if we can and solving this problem. And I don't want to anchor too much to anything in this presentation at this point because it sounds what I'm hearing is just like the data is not that good. And you know we can't do anything without better data. So let me take this back. Let me think. And Rayan let me. That allows you to transgress that paper somehow to us. And then let's rerun it and and see what the new results say. How does that sound to you as like a way of thinking about this?
James Kennedy: That sounds really good but I do still find this useful just so you know because the things that are missing like where it's showing we're not getting reimbursed and stuff. Those are things that I can still look for. Right. So I do still think it's useful because if I'm like, oh Tufts you know their reimbursement is lower. I can go and search for, you know, those issues and like, oh, maybe it is paid. So I do still find it useful.
Nathan Peereboom: All right. Well, that's that's music to my ears. That's really great. Okay. Well, you know, we can look into this more. But you know there we've put together some key findings. We have little notes here about how JotSych might be able to help with this. But yeah, this is just our initial and our initial pass. And again. If you all use for billing again. So. We'll do like one more refresh here with the paper documents. And then after that, you know, if you decide that you want to start building through jots like you'll have this as a real time dashboard. So you'll always be able to click in select time, you know, look at different clinicians, you know, across and then double click and see the underlying data. And then we're going to build a bunch of the data views that you described as well. So this is just a nice sneak peek at what we're trying to provide as a part of our billing service.
James Kennedy: Okay.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, great. Well Emily, why don't I hand it over to you. I'm going to have to run along probably in the next five minutes or so. I have another meeting I have to get to. But but Emily can walk you walk you guys through what I think is the next stage here, which is, you know, figuring out what other parts of jobs like you'd like to use your credits for and like other things you'd like to try. But before Emily does that to talk about how we want to take in for documentation for you.
James Kennedy: Maybe could we do like Wednesday next week? Yeah, I've got some time.
Nathan Peereboom: 3:30 Eastern would be great for me.
James Kennedy: 3:30. I could do that.
James Kennedy: Yeah, I've got I've got a patient appointment in 330. That day I think my openings would be open from 9:30 to 11. And I'm open at 3.
James Kennedy: 00 at 3:30.
Nathan Peereboom: Let's do let's do 9. 00 calendar 9:30 9:30 is great. Yeah. And Emily will send that invite.
James Kennedy: Thank you.
Emily Kaiser: Okay.
Nathan Peereboom: All right. Perfect. All right folks, I'm going to jump off here. Any questions for me before I jump to my next meeting.
James Kennedy: I have one completely unrelated question. So I have a new clinician that just started on Monday. She speaks six languages. Most of her appointments are in English, but she is, I think two patients she speaks universally in Spanish and one in French with. Does John Psyche have any ability to. Translate. And have a note rendered if the session is held in Spanish or French?
Nathan Peereboom: Yep. So here are all the languages we support.
Nathan Peereboom: So just like click the ones that you want and then we'll look for will detect them and then write the note.
James Kennedy: That is fantastic.
Nathan Peereboom: Yep.
James Kennedy: Oh my gosh. That's perfect. Thank you.
Nathan Peereboom: All right, great. I'll see you next Wednesday and we'll have my promise to you is we will have some proposed solution for how to take in all of this paperwork.
James Kennedy: Okay. Thank you.
Nathan Peereboom: All right. Take care. Thank you.
James Kennedy: Take care.
James Kennedy: Bye.
Emily Kaiser: Okay great. So I am just basically going to run through some of our new features that you may see on the screen. And let me share my screen. But you may see on your end is what I should say as we're kind of developing all of these new things. I know that obviously our conversation with Nate, we're talking about building something and that's totally fine. But let me show you some of these additional features and see maybe what's applicable for your business right now.
James Kennedy: Perfect.
Emily Kaiser: Can you see my screen?
Emily Kaiser: Yep, I can see it. Oh did we lose Rayanne? No worries if she had to jump.
James Kennedy: She's she's available. Let me just knock in the door next door.
Emily Kaiser: Hold on one second. Okay. Sounds good.
James Kennedy: All right, she's coming right back on.
James Kennedy: Okay. I'm so sorry.
Emily Kaiser: I was like no that was confusing. I get it. Okay, so I can you see my screen right here. Okay perfect so ran basically what we're doing is we're just going to walk through some of the features really quick and I'll give you like a general overview of each one and what you're seeing and the capabilities of it. Just keep me in the loop on what may be applicable for your business right now. I know I'm new to learning about your practice so we can kind of just start there and you see what sticks and I can give you more information based on that. So these are all of the features that we're currently operating on at JotSych. So I don't think that jot site would be applicable because basically it's website build and I'm sure you guys have that already jot bill is what Nate was kind of touching on and kind of working on customizing for you specifically. But essentially it's just cutting out the middleman of a payer and letting drop bill or jot psych do your billing for you. So I can kind of work on that if that's something that you want to see more in depth of how we currently have set up and then obviously what Nate was saying today we can make adjustments based off of our conversation. Jack Crudd is getting clinicians credentialed through Jot Psych. So I'm not sure what your current process is for that.
James Kennedy: We've probably figured that out. I mean I think Rand, I think we're good on that front. The two of us have tag teamed up.
Emily Kaiser: No problem jot audit is basically looking at the CPT codes and auditing based off the template you choose. So when you use the AI note taking feature. As it generates that note basically you can kind of see what jot audit is making suggestions on the adjustments of the template, the CPT code, the type of appointment, all things like that taking all things into account and suggesting changes based off of the conversation you had. And what you're trying to bill for just to eliminate get it audit ready essentially. EHR Essentials and EHR extension are both kind of just going in and using Jot psych as an EHR. What are you guys currently use for EHR?
James Kennedy: Use Valentine.
Emily Kaiser: Okay. So essentially you would just have unlimited labs be able to send forms to patients documents follow up emails and then just have that seamless connection to if you wanted to do the EHR extension that would allow you to operate so that information transfers automatically over rather than copy and pasting. Does that make sense?
James Kennedy: Yeah so just to summarize do the essentials and the extension as an add-on or are they separate services?
Emily Kaiser: Typically they're separate. So the EHR essentials is using JotSeyk as an EHR and the EHR extension is if you were to wanting if you rather than copy and pasting into Valen, you would have that seamless transaction. So basically we have a Chrome extension to where you could just open up the Chrome extension. And click which information you're wanting to transfer over and it does it automatically.
James Kennedy: That's a huge one.
James Kennedy: Okay price point too. My goodness.
Emily Kaiser: So that's good to know jot Rx. How are you guys currently handling prescribing?
James Kennedy: So it's embedded in valence so it comes with our with our valence subscription.
Emily Kaiser: Okay now I know that being inside an EHR is often super convenient. Do you guys notice that you have any problems with your current prescribing system?
James Kennedy: No, I think the only issue that we ever have is just the onboarding process with that it's with all the 2FA and everything and identity verification. That's that's the one headache. But once it's up and running it's actually it's pretty smooth and then it's also embedded in the nodes too. So that you know it'll draw the current medications and everything directly in there. So I think it's it works pretty well as long as we're still not valid ecosystem.
Emily Kaiser: Okay. I see and the only other one we didn't go through is security and data, which is obviously you have security and data already embedded into Jot site, but this is just custom data retention policies and really making everything your own in that sense as far as. Advanced audit logs and basically providing like proof of insurance documentation and receipts and all things like that. So I can show you the EHR extension. If I can show you a little bit more on job bill if you kind of wanted to see what the current system is we have in place for customers. And then again just keep in mind obviously we just had a conversation with Nate on how that could be a little bit more customized to your practice specifically. So let me start here. Wrong button. So Jot Bill essentially is just the what we've built as a hybrid AI and human billing engine. So basically our AI audit analyzes each note for payer specific ruling and our human billing team basically validates that, making sure all boxes are checked and all things are covered essentially to create a very clean claim and allow clinicians to get paid fast without disruptions. This is kind of how it works. This is going to be the slide that kind of breaks it down. But essentially before your encounter, if you were to be using Jotville is where the eligibility check comes in. So Jotville is basically confirming your patient's insurance is active. And that is essentially the first step. So that happens before the meeting. During the encounter is where JotSec is writing a clean payer aware note. So they're looking at your patient's insurance. They're looking at the type of appointment you're having and making sure we're gathering all of that information to best support that CPT code, the payer rules and gently prompting you for any missing information that the insurance company may need. After the encounter is where you go and you sign the note. And then essentially JotBill takes over from there. So JotBill is checking the coding accuracy, validating the claim and submitting it automatically. So kind of doing the heavy lifting on the billing again. Probably what you're having a third party do currently. And then always you always have access to this RCM overview which is essentially a monthly financial review so you can kind of just keep an eye on your books and how things are operating behind the scenes. So you're seeing what's being paid, denied, fixed. Any questions there?
James Kennedy: So just one question just kind of with the. First steps related to eligibility would we still be able to like our traditional workflow is we onboard them through Valent and we run our eligibility checks there. If we were to have new patients still on board unmoved over eligibility checks at this round would we have to manually input them to John Cycle withdraw from the valence data.
Emily Kaiser: You could do a data transfer. If this was something that you were interested in basically so we could take all of the information from Valent and move it over to Jot psych. So again you don't have to worry about the heavy lifting of all of the backend work. Okay. So this is kind of giving you an idea of just how many payers we have relationships with. So we have all of the big ones here and then over 3000 as well. And then this talks about the eligibility checks. Exactly like we just did and kind of how it can create clean, clean generation. One thing I want to show you. So this is basically how this is kind of the kicker of where a lot of clinicians find this to be super useful. Because I think you mentioned headway earlier in the meeting. You guys use headway for a portion of the business. A lot of clinicians come to us when they want to do their own billing. As sole providers essentially because they're using a system like headway or grow and headway and grow in those third party systems, they're great, but they take a large chunk of successful collections. And then also you know when you are credentialed with headway or grow once you leave that third party system, you're no longer credentialed with those pay.
James Kennedy: Yeah, we ran into that. That's why we're working on getting credentials internally to kind of try to move away from headway because they do have a lot of very strict policies too that you have to follow in order to successfully submit claims. So, you know, that's why we're looking to kind of move away from them.
Emily Kaiser: Yeah, exactly. And so that's exactly what Jot Bill is helping clinicians do is whether it's getting on their own feet as a sole provider or just wanting to do things more independently. So when you credential with JotSec, you are completely independently credentialed. So just to kind of keep that in mind as you, it sounds like you guys are doing very similar things just for the same reasons. So that is a part of the jot credential or job cred. And then a lot of people are choosing basically what kind of package they want based off of all the features that are included. So you'll see essentials. You do get the hyper vigilant eligibility checks pay your where documentation coding clean generation submission. And then all the way down to the max is everything in all of these plans as well as automated underpayment detection, patient collections and dedicated billing manager. So basically we are the middleman between your client's insurance companies and just kind of navigating all of those little pieces of information that are needed. Freeing up time essentially. So I think that's kind of all the, I know like we had a conversation with Nate and we kind of want to just kind of move forward with what he showed you today and seeing how we can make adjustments on that. So that's kind of all really show you on Jot Bill. Just again giving you a better understanding of the why behind it and kind of how it operates. Any questions on Jot Bill before I show you the extension. So where are you guys located?
James Kennedy: So predominantly in Duxbury and we just opened a new office in Boston too. But it was just up there Monday, Tuesday. So that's the newest frontier.
Emily Kaiser: That's great. And how many clinicians do you guys have total?
James Kennedy: So four NPs. Three therapists. But three have just been onboarded here in the last six weeks.
Emily Kaiser: Okay. Very cool. Let me change my screens here. Okay. Can you see this? Okay. And can you see this little extension in the corner as well? Yeah, I don't think so. Let me just try to share my entire screen and see if that works. Okay, here we go. Sorry it can be finicky sometimes. Okay. Okay. Now you can see this. Essentially this pulls up. I just have it bookmarked here because it's downloaded. But what your clinicians would do or what you guys would do is you would just download it so it would pop up just like that. So you always have it kind of stored right where you need it. And I'm in JotSy now using John Doe. We have a demo patient. You may see some contradicting information. It's just because I use John Doe with several different conversations. So basically what you would do is you would select what information you want to bring over to your EHR. You would click this button launch in the to connect essentially. So this extension is your middleman. And basically what it does is it just works on delivering the content and in a couple seconds it'll be there.
James Kennedy: So complete.
James Kennedy: Yeah.
Emily Kaiser: So that might be one point of interest for you guys, especially as you're kind of exploring our new features.
James Kennedy: Yeah, definitely.
Emily Kaiser: You guys. And there's no need to kind of copy and paste and do all that. You can paste over as much information at one time as you want.
James Kennedy: Cool.
Emily Kaiser: Awesome. That is kind of the extension. Any questions on any of the other things that we went over as far as add-ons.
James Kennedy: No, I think that was super helpful. Let me just kind of. Digest it all and figure out what makes the most sense. But no, that was incredible and really excited about all these new offerings too. These are great.
Emily Kaiser: Yes, awesome. Great to hear. So just again, switching screens so you can see exactly what we went over today. Just to give you a little bit of background on why we're making all of these changes and why we're adding all of these a la carte options as we're hearing from so many clinicians that there's so many systems needed to operate your day to day workflow. And it is just kind of working on being an all in one platform where you can manage your billing, you can manage your prescribing, you can work as an EHR if you want that it to do that. You can get credentialed, we can do your site, we can do all of these things. So just to kind of give you a why behind all of the changes you may be seeing today, but also we may be seeing on your end as you navigate Jot psych. So that is that.
James Kennedy: Excellent.
Emily Kaiser: Awesome. Well, I will give you guys a little bit of time back in your day. I will send out that meeting invite. For our follow up with Nate.
James Kennedy: But if you have any questions
Emily Kaiser: in the meantime, my email is on that, on what you'll receive today. So please don't hesitate to reach out if you have any questions.
James Kennedy: Excellent. Thank you. And again, I'm sorry. I really thought goodbye. I got confused.
Emily Kaiser: No worries at all. You guys have a great day.
James Kennedy: Thank you for your time.