Christopher Hume: Well, Lee, I was just saying I think the only thing we need to do today is just get access to practice fusion and just so we could check to make sure jot shuttle will work all right for the team. And then if we run into any issues and we're testing it next week, we can check back in with you, Ola, and set up a plan of attack. But hopefully it'll be all good. It'll be a quick check for Lee there are any issues with.
Olha Tishchenko: Okay, sounds good. So let me give you access for the sound. Should I use the same email that I have in Dr. Chrono?
Lee Harrold: Yeah, that'd be great.
Olha Tishchenko: Until he's a strength get my laptop stuck. Okay, Email. And I'm gonna give you admin. Right. So you will. You will be able to do everything. Plus I will give you like the highest level. I will mark your profile as a doctor.
Christopher Hume: Dr. Lee. I know.
Lee Harrold: I feel like I skipped. I skipped a few years in medical school.
Olha Tishchenko: Okay, so I just sent you invitation. Plus you should enter that code. It will expire after like 48 hours.
Lee Harrold: Will it. Will it catch fire and explode like.
Lee Harrold: Okay, I got it.
Olha Tishchenko: Okay, so. What's next?
Christopher Hume: I think we just have to make sure Lee can get in and then we will reach out over email next week. Ola, once we kind of have an idea just to make sure it works. But let's just, while we're all here, make sure Lee doesn't have any issues getting in.
Christopher Hume: Yeah, that's always the hardest part, is getting access to the ehr and the back and forth.
Lee Harrold: All right. Creating a password.
Christopher Hume: Ola, did your team get a. Did you get a short week this week with President's Day or.
Olha Tishchenko: No, they worked.
Christopher Hume: Okay. And where. Where in Jersey are you all. What. What town are you in for freeway, it's North Bergen. Okay.
Olha Tishchenko: We have two locations. One like across the street in Z Art as well. And for Apex, it's in Union, New Jersey.
Christopher Hume: Okay.
Olha Tishchenko: Should be soon in Newark, I guess. Second location.
Lee Harrold: Exciting.
Lee Harrold: I think we're going to be. We're going to be kind of close. A lot of us are moving to Brooklyn soon.
Olha Tishchenko: Yeah, you're very close.
Lee Harrold: Well, we'll drive over. Okay. I do not prescribe, so I do not need e prescription. Yeah. And there we are. Yeah. North. North Bergen, N.J.
Olha Tishchenko: as you can see, we are pretty busy. We have a lot of providers.
Christopher Hume: Yeah, Well, wonderful. I think Lee, we'll do our little tests early next week just to make sure jot shuttle holds up. And then Ola, we can get you access to your ability to record so you can do training.
Christopher Hume: And then we can start getting people up and running to try us out with the other ehr.
Olha Tishchenko: Perfect. Sounds good. If you need test profile, there's my profile. You can find my profile and test with it.
Lee Harrold: Okay, sounds good. It's. It's just. Just. Just your name on that.
Olha Tishchenko: Yeah, you can find. There's like three. Let me write down.
Lee Harrold: Sweet. I'll share my screen and see if we can find it. Oh, maybe I. Where's the notification? There it is. Dire screen. That's.
Lee Harrold: You can 1000 recent patients not in provide.
Olha Tishchenko: It's provider. I'm there like provider too, because I'm admin. But yes, you can. You can find. When you press to chart, it's second like there. Search all patients. Next.
Lee Harrold: Great.
Olha Tishchenko: A little bit. Right. It's providers. Right, right, right.
Lee Harrold: Ad patient.
Olha Tishchenko: No. Yeah, here it is.
Lee Harrold: Oh, I see. Oh, I see. I see. It's so funny to be on the other side.
Olha Tishchenko: Also there is the name of test geotest something like that. So you can find also that profile if you need more Jetest test, huh?
Lee Harrold: Joe Test.
Christopher Hume: Perfect.
Lee Harrold: How. How do I create notes or. Okay, I can create a note.
Olha Tishchenko: Okay, you. You can go to schedule. For example, Go to the day. They have. But just click behind that window after go to the day view. Okay, let's you see.
Olha Tishchenko: Put my appoint my chart to attach John enter. Yeah, yeah. You can just press test enter just insert. You are going to, for example psych new patient. It's appointment type.
Lee Harrold: Awesome.
Olha Tishchenko: Yeah, we are knowing how save. Okay, so let's go to appointment tab. Now Appointment view. Then deselect all and select only just me. And just me. Ross. Yeah. And here when you're changing the status to arrival. It will show you view an encounter in lobby. You can. You can change to go back in lobby.
Lee Harrold: Just me, huh?
Olha Tishchenko: Change in lobby and view and then counter it will go right away to the node.
Lee Harrold: Look. Oh, this is perfect. Awesome. Cool. Yeah, I'll give this a go and see what we can do.
Olha Tishchenko: Perfect. Thank you so much.
Lee Harrold: Yeah, thank you.
Christopher Hume: Friday.
Olha Tishchenko: Happy Friday, guys.
Lee Harrold: Happy weekend.
Olha Tishchenko: Bye.
Christopher Hume: Bye. Happy weekend.
Olha Tishchenko: Bye.