Bill Eberhart: Every day, a new way to do things. Hello, Nathan, we've got Jackson. Adam. Excellent. We're just waiting on Brittany now. She'll just. Again, she's just wrapping up another meeting. She'll be here shortly. It. Okay. Oh, I guess they didn't schedule me. That's good, I guess. In our. In our group practice, we're implementing a starting to roll out a AI answering bot. They just answer the phones and handled. They handle medial tasks like canceling an appointment, which is kind of not medial. If you really dig into the. What the bot needs to say and how we. How we want it to say it. Then there's also the rescheduling an appointment if it's not a late cancellation. So otherwise it goes to a human.
Adam Harrison: Oh, interesting. What are you guys looking into for that?
Bill Eberhart: What's the what.
Adam Harrison: What's the tool you're planning to use for the AI? Front desk agent.
Bill Eberhart: It's. It's. It's a good one. It's been around for. It sounds like a real human. It's been around for a very long time. Hey, Brittany.
Bill Eberhart: Okay, I'll get the name to you in a minute. It's okay. I'll get the name to you in a minute. I don't want to distract from the rest of the call. Let me look it up.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Oh, are you talking about via AI?
Bill Eberhart: Yeah, that's it. Thank you, Brit.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): You're welcome.
Bill Eberhart: So how do you spell it?
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Is it V, A, I, U, I?
Bill Eberhart: I think B, A, I, U, A, I, I, A IO or AI? I think.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Yeah.
Bill Eberhart: Yeah, I'll get the exact person. Yeah, it sounds like a real human. It's really neat. It's got.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah, we'd love to take a look at that. That sounds interesting.
Bill Eberhart: Yeah, she's. She says, hello, thank you for calling Sidewalk Therapy. My name is Sarah. Like, just like I'm saying it now. It's really cool.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah. And what's the main, like, problem? That, that's, that's just, like, making it so people can schedule faster or.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Yeah, schedule. And schedule 24 7. But it also reduces the cost of, you know, paying for front desk.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah.
Bill Eberhart: Does it.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Does it, like, balance the schedule for you, too? Where if they're like, oh, I can do Thursday. It's like, hold on, let me look. Oh, Thursday school. Yeah. Oh, that's.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Yeah, it takes all the avail and it'll do. It'll handle reschedules, too. And we, we've trained it so that it, like, because counseling's weird, usually people cancel. We, you know, ask, are you trying to cancel the whole entire series of appointments or are you just trying to cancel this day? You know, and do you want to meet any other time this week? You know, so it's pretty cool.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Awesome. Okay, great. Well, I think. Do we. I think we have Molly on the line now, too.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Is that right?
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Yes.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Awesome. Well, super nice to meet all of you. My understanding is that we're just kind of going over what we need for getting JWT audit set up for. For your clinic.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Yes. So that, that's part of, like, what we were going to discuss because it's in. We have a company called Mental Health Managed and we've got several providers. And what we've already found, like, in what we've launched since we have a person who is using, like, crisis codes out of five out of 13 visits, and they only have a diagnosis of generalized anxiety disorder. So, you know, it doesn't really. Yeah, so it doesn't really.
Jackson Bierfeldt: That one comes up in an audit.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Yeah, yeah, exactly. And so we're wanting, you know, why they were. No, like, we're. We're still talking with the clinic owner about it because, you know, and, and to delve into, like, what their policies are it the clinical. We only were able to see, like, one clinical note currently that the staff member had signed and the person had some paranoia and some delusions thinking that, like, police were going to get her. So I think that there was some, you know, crisis situations for that. But you know, how frequently that's happening? I don't know. And does, you know, is it. Does she just need to be hospitalized type of thing?
Jackson Bierfeldt: Right. This is something we see all the time where. Especially when we talk to providers where they're like, yeah, I went to school and I learned how to treat people. But, like, I Learned for maybe 15 minutes one time about, like, how to choose codes. You know, it's just, like, not something you're. And then you actually, like, start working and you're like, wait. A big part of my job is, like, picking the right code and everything. So we see this all the time.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): The. The other question that we really have is we've got people who are. So they're using their. We're ehr agnostic the way that our company works. So they can be using any EHR of their choice, and they're using different video links. Some of it's built into the ehr, some of it's different. Things like doxy. But what we're seeing is not a lot of people are including the exact start and stop times in the clinical notes, which is required for us to code to specificity for therapy codes in general because they are time duration based. And so, you know, we're hoping that maybe it can address that as well for like when people are either up coding or down coding.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah, yeah, no, that sounds. That sounds great. Can you just. Sorry, I'm. I'm coming in from. From the outside. I haven't been fully spun up here. So are you like a conglomeration of like a couple different practices?
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Yeah.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Okay, so.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): So we've got Molly here. Molly has two clinics in Georgia. She's. And she's co owner of what we have with Mental Health Managed. And she already uses jot Psych, I think, on the Camden side. Right, Molly?
Molly McCue: Yes, we do use it for the med providers.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Yep. And so we're a conglomeration of that. And then we have three other clinics right now. That was our soft pilot launch for clinics that are based in Texas. That includes my clinic and two other clinic owners that are based in like five different key cities.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Okay, great. Wow. Love talking to a national operation, you know, spanning lots of different places. Because that means you understand how complex it is with like, different states having different things. And you're like, this clinic needs to have the Texas rules applied to it, and this clinic needs this. So that's exactly what we're trying to do here is like, make something where we can be like, hey, we're going to help you take all that complexity and actually, like, operate within it at scale by being aware of different payers and, you know, different regulatory schemes and all of that. Yeah.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): And the, the other key piece that you guys need to know is I've only seen 10 seconds of jaw audit, like, because I was talking to Nate unrelated, about a potential buyout or partnership from like, my billing business. And so that's the only exposure that I've had to jaw audits. And Bill and Molly haven't seen it at all.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Okay, great. Well, why don't we just start there then? By me just kind of flashing on the screen what you can expect. And then from there we'll get into what we actually would need from you all in order to start getting you set up inside of that. And then we can talk about, like, what the smallest piece that we want to begin testing it with looks like. So let me go ahead and share my screen and. Yeah, so unfortunately, I actually have just my developer account here because I kind of got pulled into this. So a lot of the data, data we're going to look at here is going to look really funky because it's just a bunch of random, like, me talking into the microphone for five seconds, being like, hey, I'm going to give you Prozac. So don't judge the quality of the. Of some of the clinical things here. I'm not a clinician myself, but I'll give you two views on job audit. So first I'll show you what it looks like from the clinician's point of view, you know, the person actually using it, how they receive those audits. And then I'll show you what the, like, practice administrator, billing administrator view looks like. So from the clinician perspective, inside of job site, you know, you record, you come into your record screen, you, you record the session while you're talking to them, or if it's a sensitive session, you might just do a dictation afterwards. You pick your patient, you pick your template and all of that. And then we generate a note for you. You get that note, you can come in here, you can edit it and all of that, but you also receive an audit on the side of the note. So this is what the clinician will see and it'll tell them, hey, the codes that you picked, if the clinician is putting those codes in ahead of time, you know, they're good to go. They're up to, you know, the standards of your practice, and everything seems to match the, the documentation. You're good there. Or it'll warn them, like, hey, you know, you chose a 99215, but the visit was only six minutes long. And you just gave them, you know, Prozac. Like, don't really think that was a 99215. Let's, let's take another look at that. Or vice versa. You know, we see sometimes people come in and they're nurse practitioners and they're doing 992-1-twos and they're actually managing several medications for someone. And it'll tell them, hey, actually this might be a 3 or a 4. Let's take a look at that. The code module here will help them figure out if they're on target or not for the code. And if they don't even pick a code, it'll suggest one for them based on the quality and the specificity of that encounter. Then they'll see these rules here, and I'll get into the rules more in a second of, like, how those can be managed on the practice management side of things. But every organization, every group of clinics, based on their license and the specific payer that that patient is associated with, it'll pull in a bunch of rules and audit the note based on that. If they're, you know, in compliance with those, they'll just kind of be in this compliance section and they can, you know, not worry about them, like, those are all good. But if there's something that's missing, then they'll get warned about that here in the Rules at Risk. So one rule in my test account here is, hey, the assessment section, it's got to be in bullet point format. And then if you come in here and look at the assessment, you know, we see, okay, some of it's in bullet points but you know, the medical necessity section isn't or whatever. And they can see, okay, I need to convert this to bullet points. They can either do it here themselves or they can press this like fix with AI button and we'll actually go through and help, you know, modify that on the fly for them so that they can then say, oh, okay, that's better, let me save the note and I'm good to go. So that's all just from the clinician perspective to help them know, like, are the codes good? Is my documentation right? Is there something I need to change and all of that? Any questions there before I show you the practice administrator version of this?
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Yeah, like I have a question like, so, for example, what if, you know, in the note that they're saying, hey, you know, you've got some cognitive dissonance going on or something like that. Is it going to automatically based off of the time when they start talking help code for like the add on codes for psychotherapy for med management providers, like 90833?
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yes, it will. So, you know, based on time and based on the like, content of the session, it will also suggest psychotherapy add on codes.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Okay, yeah. What about prolonged visit codes?
Jackson Bierfeldt: Prolonged visit codes? We haven't done a deep dive into those yet. But as I'll show you in a moment, this whole system is designed to be very configurable. So if that's something that your practice is like really, you know, aiming to increase or make sure that people get educated about, we can build that in and suggest those as well.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Okay, so what I hear you saying is we've got flexibility, that if something doesn't exist, we can train your AI model to suggest for prolonged visits versus crisis codes.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Totally.
Jackson Bierfeldt: That's the whole name of the game here is we have like a, you know, out of the box thing where like on day one, everyone should be like, okay, yeah, it mostly works and seems sensible, but if your practice is like, hey, we're trying to train our clinic to either not use these codes or to use these ones, we can feed that information in and then start tweaking it to be whatever shape you want.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): That's awesome because like, for Aetna, there's a payer specific code that we can get reimbursed for that pays for after hour visits and holidays.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): And you know, we can, we can tag that on. So that's, that's pretty cool.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah. And you know, the other thing I'll mention is we can, you know, break everything down by license type, CPT code and payer. And so if you want to make a rule where you're like, hey, for Aetna patients that you know are being seen for nine, nine two one fours, we want to make sure that they're also being checked for this code. We can put that in and then have this audit run on every single encounter and make sure that people are getting educated on that. Yeah.
Bill Eberhart: Bill, what about based on state? What state they live in?
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yep, we can do state. You mean state for the patient or where the provider is operating out of.
Bill Eberhart: Sorry, my hand. The for example, the state of Nebraska requires educational modifiers to be added to the code. So the diagnosis and the CPT code is just part of the puzzle. The payer is part of the puzzle. All the things that you said that are part of the puzzle are one aspect of it. There's also a regulatory, for example, with Molly's client.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Clinic with Amerigroup, we have to use educational modifiers for Amerigroup specifically.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah. So, sorry, I'm actually not familiar with educational modifiers. Where do those go, like, with the ICD10 codes in the, like, diagnostic section?
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): They're modifiers that get tacked onto the. The CPT codes in the CMS 1500 form. It's going to be in row 24. 24 that you see it, and it'll be right after the CPT code.
Jackson Bierfeldt: So that's this. Sorry, is that the same row where you do, like, telehealth is like 95 or GT it's like it goes into that modifier. Yeah. Yeah. Well, we definitely support all of that. Again, you know, we haven't had someone in Nebraska yet that, like, needed that set up, so we'd have to put that in for you, but we can totally do that.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Molly. Molly would need that set up in there for those modifiers because she is in Georgia and they do require it. So it's not even. Nebraska is not a good example in this case. But if we're talking about, like, real need currently, that would be Molly's clinic.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yep. Yeah, well, we. I mean, we already scan for, like, checking on those, like, 95 or GT modifiers, so we could do the same thing based on those educational codes.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Okay. And then the other question that I have is, is it nuanced enough to be able to pick up for interactive complexity code? So, for example, Molly's clinic sees a lot of children, and parents might be in there to help advocate on behalf of their children. Um, so would. Would that be picked up in the clinical note itself for. To suggest that CPT code for interactive complexity.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah. That there was like, multiple people in the room.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Yes.
Jackson Bierfeldt: And that. Yeah, yeah, we can pick up on that.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Okay.
Bill Eberhart: Sometimes the kid is a poor historian.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Yeah. And we see people with brain injuries. So it goes beyond just multiple people in a room. It's all about, like, is English their first language? Do they have a brain injury? Are they stuttering a lot? Like, do they aphasia?
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah. So I would say a lot of this is going to be able to be, you know, picked up, the stuttering, you know, just to show you, like, one of the limits here, that's something that, you know, might not be something that the AI, like, really picks up on is like, oh, they're stuttering. Like, let me evaluate for that. But what we have, you know, for the. For the clinician is they always have this notepad while they're recording. So if there is something that is visual. We also don't have a camera in the room, you know, so, for instance, a lot of people need to be checking for, you know, TD and like, you know, visual symptoms. So for that, if the, you know, clinician were to just say, you know, like, client has a stutter or something like that, if they were to type that into here, then that would feed into the system and then we can, you know, audit based on possible, like.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): So let's say we had a diagnosis for a patient. And they diagnosed with Tourette syndrome or with aphasia or with a brain injury and there was a diagnostic code. Could we build up a rule that would capture for that and automatically suggest that it's interactive complexity because it could be based off diagnosis as well.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Oh, totally, Yeah. I mean, if it's a diagnosis that's already assigned to the patient, then yeah, we'd be able to find that and we'd say, oh, this is a patient with this diagnosis. The rule says that this diagnosis is probably likely for interactive complexity. Let's make sure to check that.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Okay, 100%.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yep. Okay, great. Well, I'm going to show you then what it looks like from the practice admin perspective now. So again, we mentioned all of those rules. And those rules are something that, you know, the billing administrator, the practice administrator is able to come into their, like, audit center and really get like a nice deep dive on.
Jackson Bierfeldt: So you can see all of the rules that you have enabled. You can see the compliance rate. You can compare different providers. If you want to see how this provider is complying with a certain rule versus this provider, you can go ahead and get that breakdown and look at that. You can look at it over time. Really, whatever dashboard analytics that you want to see about these rules and who's hitting them or not, you can come in here and look at that. You can see the graph over time. You can look at specific violations of that rule and pull up individual notes and see, okay, why was this rule violated in this note? Let me actually go and like, look at the note because we know that people, you know, want to be able to like actually find where the problems are and then go and look at that specificity. But you don't want to be in a situation and you can't at scale where you're like reviewing every single note. So the point of this is for you to be able to find where those problems are, whether it's just the provider's not asking the right questions or they haven't set up their documents, documentation templates in the right way. And you can see where those, you know, leaky leaks are. And then, you know, put the patches on so that you can make sure that everything's kind of humming along as at the way that you need it to be.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): One quick follow up question about this, because I saw the medication list document and so can it be based off of a service? So, for example, with tms, we have to have like failed classes of antidepressants. There's coverage policies that we have to feed into it to make sure that the clinical note hits those things. So can we base the clinical note? Like, will it pick up if it's based off of a service? Like, if it. If it knows that we're doing TMS services and it's got special rule sets?
Jackson Bierfeldt: Totally, yeah. I mean, you could come into, into this rule or any rule like it, and you could, you know, come in and say, this should only apply to TMS service visits, you know, and it'll go ahead and change the rule in order to comply with, like, okay, it's tms. And then our system, when it's, like, looking at things, it'll say, all right, is this a TMS session? It is. Okay. Now I'm going to make sure that I apply this rule to it.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): I'm just thinking about this as a use case, as a biller. Like, this would be very handy for us to feed clinical notes into and actually see if it's going to pass for prior authorization.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah. That's what a lot of people are using us for as well.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Yeah. Okay, wonderful.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yep. So that's the, you know, the long and short of what JWT audit is capable of doing right now. And then to get started, we basically would just need documents from you, you know, payer documents, compliance documents, any internal guidelines that you have. You know, I'm sure you have some PDF charts that you give to new clinicians that say, hey, here are the rules. Do this in this case, don't do this in that case, like anything that you have already developed. If you were to give that to us, we can go ahead and feed it into our system and. And start getting those rules set up for you so that we could then go ahead and begin testing it.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): So, like, if we gave you a set of coverage policies, we could do that. And Molly, specifically, what I'm thinking about was use cases with the medical director specifically.
Molly McCue: Okay.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Because this would be a good audit tool for them to say, hey, like, your providers aren't being compliant on xyz, for them to quit. Quickly ascertain whether the clinical note met the standards, and it'll help them with their chart reviews that they have to do to hit for it.
Molly McCue: Yeah. Save them a lot of time.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Yes.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah. Well, and it's just not possible to review every chart right now unless you have one clinician. So we're just trying to make it so that that chart review process can be done, you know, on every single note, so that when you go ahead to bill it, you see the green light and you're like, this note's great. You know, it's compliant, it checks all the boxes, it's using the proper code.
Jackson Bierfeldt: That's what we're going for here.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): But.
Bill Eberhart: But the information is king. It's the golden goose nowadays.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah.
Bill Eberhart: Yeah.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Great. Okay. Well, I have Adam on the line here, who I think will actually coordinate with you on getting those documents. Adam, do you want to let everyone know what the. What the best next steps here would be for actually getting some of that information and figuring out who we're going to set up?
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Yeah, we hadn't actually, like, signed a contract or anything, so I think we would need to know, like, sponsoring terms and stuff. I think that would be the first step for you guys before we got into that.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, we can. We can start by sending over a BAA just so we're all kind of under that. So that's probably a good next step to take here. And yeah, we do have an MSA that we can. Send as well. But we can probably just start with the baa I think is like kind of the gating thing at this point to be able to move forward with doing like just the test run of draw audit. And so we can send that over really right after the call and then I'll send an email just kind of summarizing the next steps here. But I think what we would need to do is basically just start exactly what Jackson said is the document intake process. So any kind of rules that you want to be applied from a billing and compliance standpoint, it's all very flexible, configurable, we can incorporate that into, into job audit. So what I would suggest is I'll send an email out and then why don't we find some time next week just to check in. Often it's helpful for us to just review what you've shared with us, make sure we actually understand the context behind it, maybe fill in any gaps and then, you know, answer any outstanding questions that you have. So would love to maybe get that on the calendar for sometime next week and then we can actually, once we're all sort of green light, good to go on that from a document collection standpoint, we can actually run a test. So you can actually see, okay, job site's now, you know, using the rules that I've applied and this is what the output looks like for like a sample test, test run.
Adam Harrison: And then you know, that would probably happen like the subsequent week. So those would be my suggestions on the next steps. But any, any questions on that or, or concerns from your side?
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Yeah, like my concern would be like I'd want to be able to feed in some of the documents to make sure that it captures the rule sets. Capture. I'm sure as a developer and everything, you guys are confident that your. But I always like as a user to try to test it with you know, like in this case, poor clinical notes to see exactly like what's missing before, you know, we sign up for anything just to make sure that it can do what we need it to do.
Adam Harrison: Totally agree. Yeah, we should. We can treat these next few weeks as purely like a test phase. So you wouldn't be like signing any contract with us at that point. So we would just need the BAA obvious so we're kind of like covered there. But you wouldn't, you know, you wouldn't be committing to anything at this stage of the game. You know, we would make sure we do a test you feel comfortable with. Like, you know, that the quality is there that you're looking for. Right. And then we would kind of move forward after that.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Okay, that sounds good to me.
Adam Harrison: Okay. Jackson, anything I missed? Anything you want to add?
Jackson Bierfeldt: No, that sounds good.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Do we want to go ahead and schedule that meeting for sometime next?
Adam Harrison: Yeah. What works best on your side? For next week.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Let's see, Monday's pretty jam packed. Do you have any availability Tuesday? Like in the afternoon?
Adam Harrison: Tuesday? We. I could do early afternoon. Where are you based out of?
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Central Standard.
Adam Harrison: Central Standard. So, yeah, anything. Do you have anything early afternoon, your time?
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Yes, like, basically my whole afternoon starting at noon is open, so.
Adam Harrison: Okay, how about. Do you want to just do noon then?
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Yeah, Central. Yes.
Adam Harrison: Okay. And is that. I just want to make sure. Is that enough time for you all to send over all the documents ahead of that? Just because we would probably want at least like one day to make sure we actually like review everything and come prepared with questions.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Good, good call. Let's push it because it'll take me a little bit to gather up some stuff. So can we. Can we push it to Thursday?
Adam Harrison: Yeah, do you want to do the same time Thursday?
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): I've got a standing meeting. Then. Do you've got. Can you do an 11:00am Central standard?
Adam Harrison: Yeah, that works just as well.
Adam Harrison: Okay, so that'll be. Yeah, 11 Central. I'll just include everyone from this call on that. Unless there's other folks you want to have looped in.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): No, that's fine.
Adam Harrison: Okay, perfect. So I'll get that sent out. I'll send it like a short email kind of summarizing, just, you know, so we're all on the same page, the next steps and then. And then, you know, let me know if you have questions as you're doing kind of the document collection process and, you know, happy to kind of answer anything that comes up between now and Thursday.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Sounds perfect. Thank you.
Adam Harrison: Awesome. All right. Thank you all. Appreciate the time.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Yep.
Adam Harrison: Nice. Bye.