Dee Bobbitt: How are you?
Becca Bressler: Doing? D. Good. How are you doing?
Dee Bobbitt: I'm good.
Becca Bressler: Awesome. Okay, so I want to set you up with Jawrx. Do you mind sharing your screen?
Dee Bobbitt: Yeah, one second. It's here. Let me pull up just like a random Google page.
Becca Bressler: So. Also, just so I know, you have, like, a supervisor. Yes. So we don't yet have the supervisor role, though.
Dee Bobbitt: Okay, so then I'll have to wait then.
Becca Bressler: Okay. You will have to wait.
Dee Bobbitt: Yeah, because she signs. I have a pretty good amount of people on. Controlled substances. And so she has to even to prescribe in the state of Texas, your supervisor has to, even without narcotics, still has to be linked to your. All your prescriptions, okay?
Becca Bressler: So I will tell my engineers that we should really bump this up on the priority list. This is kind of a part of a series of things that we want to do. With this, but this is good to know because I obviously remember our conversation about that.
Dee Bobbitt: So anyone in the south, like most Southern states, like Texas, Louisiana, Arkansas, they all make you have a supervising physician.
Becca Bressler: Ok, Got it. Let me get back to you. I'm gonna make a note for myself to, like, expedite this, and I will get back to you because you're starting to do some billing with. Us too. Is that right?
Dee Bobbitt: I'm looking into it because I still build through like headway and alma, but I will be with Medicaid soon and once I'm individually cringe predict but individually credential with them. But I have to like set up this account on ability and stuff. But anywho after that gets done then I'm able to bill through whoever. So, yes.
Becca Bressler: Okay, let me. I'll just follow up with you when we have that up and ready. That's cool. Sorry, I just want to waste your time. Excited? You're still, like, game to get on this with us? Yeah, yeah. Cool. Okay. I'll reach back out.
Dee Bobbitt: Okay, thank you.