Jon Baer: So see if I can. He's got a ton of places done in Florida.
Christopher Hume: Yes. Literally. This is like the whole. Yeah, okay.
Jon Baer: So that was good.
Christopher Hume: What was the hook you used?
Jon Baer: It wasn't like, so much a hook, but I said, I essentially was like, hey, John from Job Psych. I was like, not sure if my name or, like, you know, jot site, you know, rings a bell at all. He was like, yeah, I think it does. And I said, all right. I was like, great. Well, I mean, I was calling you, like, he was, because he said, like, you guys. You guys do like a scribe. I was like, yeah, we do. You know, an AI scribe. That's kind of like what we started out with. But I was, like, reaching out you to you, like, particularly, because I know that, you know, it looks. Like you're an owner of, you know, whatever place, you know, we're working with, you know, we're working with owners right now within the behavioral health space, you know, kind of helping them, you know, capture, you know, just, like, their billing health, you know, because sometimes it's, you know, like I said, a little bit of a black box and, you know, what's actually happening with billing and, you know, being able to push in the right directions, knowing what's kind of getting what's coming in, what's not coming in, you know, where things are getting tightened from, reimbursement rates, things like that, so. That's kind of where I steered it. Was like. He was like, hey, listen. He's like, I don't, don't, don't mean to cut you off. He was like, why don't you give me a call later in the week? He's like, it's just. It's a Monday morning. It's kind of wild here. Like, shoot me an email. Give me a call later in the week. And like, that was it. I said, no worries. I get it's busy. Then I shot him an email when we got off the phone. A little bit later. And I just plan on calling him later, so hopefully.
Christopher Hume: Okay. I mean, like, literally, like, what you had. We gave you, like, 70 leads or something. And, like, this is one strong prospect. So that's great.
Christopher Hume: And then you're starting to feed people back in, John.
Jon Baer: Yeah. Yeah.
Christopher Hume: How has that been going?
Jon Baer: I mean, it's. It, you know, it's. It's been going.
Jon Baer: Yeah, you know, nothing, you know, nothing really concrete. I had another lady, Wendy, that actually shot me a text, and she's just like, who's this? And I was like, hey, it's John at Jotsy, you know, and. And then. And then I shot like another. She never responded. I showed him all the text, like, hey, like, you know, no pressure, you know?
Jon Baer: You know, we're offering free pilots, you know.
Christopher Hume: Yeah.
Jon Baer: Didn't know. Be something you might be interested in. I'll kind of, you know, shoot an email and whatever, and then I just haven't been able to get back in touch with her on the phone, but. And then there was another lady. That. I connected with, and she was just all set. But, you know, things a little bit more traction this week than last week.
Jon Baer: The new list from the new one.
Christopher Hume: Adam was from the new one.
Jon Baer: The other lady might have been from the old one. Might have been from the old one. I went through all the calls yesterday for the ones that you uploaded.
Jon Baer: I didn't get anybody.
Christopher Hume: No one answered.
Jon Baer: But I'm going to go through them all again. It's so easy and out aware to just, you know, boom, boom, boom. But, yeah, I mean, we're. You know, people are opening emails.
Christopher Hume: And I'm sorry, john. Which one did you. You called everyone yesterday. Was that everyone in Alaware or everyone in HubSpot or both?
Jon Baer: No, that was every. That was from the list. You uploaded the 22 in alaware, so none of them answered yesterday.
Christopher Hume: Yeah, those numbers are kind of brutal.
Jon Baer: I think I started to. 33 or four of them didn't even work. And then one or two of them, they ring, ring, ring, and then they get the busy signal at the end, which I don't know what that means, but it's random. But yeah.
Christopher Hume: Any other connections, though, is my question, because you have about 60, 80 leads probably from this list, and only what a handful of connections is kind of wild on a, on a full call through. Does it seem about right? You would frankly have a better, like, check on this? Like, does this seem kind of are for the course?
Jon Baer: I mean, it's like. I mean, I would. I would want a little bit more connects, to be honest with you. But. Yeah, I don't know. You know, it's not like I don't know if it's the times, you know, that I'm calling. Not as many connects that I would like, I guess. You know, like I said, I got Adam. Wendy text back.
Jon Baer: The other lady with a no, a few other people with an O. You know, some bad numbers. It just. It is nothing I can, like, really pinpoint, okay?
Christopher Hume: Oh, here's what we're going to do. We're starting to type in additional leads. How's your workload? Also, do you have room for more? What's going on from a capacity perspective.
Jon Baer: Yeah, I mean, like, send them over. I'm just going to keep putting them through, you know, flows and have them kind of go through the process.
Christopher Hume: I have a new huge tranche of leads from Arian. I need to clean those up today and upload them for you. Also, we're hooking up lead lists from Meta, so those will just automatically put into your to do list. I built a sequence. It's basically just a ton of calls and a couple tasks. Let's keep it simple for now. Be completely honest, I need to figure out how to rotate the SDR as I go to so first I'm going to give you the just like the standard list that you can feed in yourself, but as long as you still have bandwidth, starting end of this week, beginning of next week, you're going to have people submitting requests for info, and then they're going to be populated into your account as believed, and you're just going to start calling them and they're going to show your task list automatically.
Jon Baer: So those are from Meta, you said, right?
Christopher Hume: Yep, yep.
Christopher Hume: People were like, hey, yeah, I want more.
Jon Baer: Are they hitting? Like, Is there like. What are those for? Are they for job, Bill?
Christopher Hume: Are they for job?
Jon Baer: Okay.
Christopher Hume: Fortunately.
Jon Baer: Okay? Well, a lot of men either way, right?
Christopher Hume: And then we can deal with it.
Jon Baer: Okay? And then for me, it's just book the meeting for anybody.
Christopher Hume: It's the meeting for everybody. Either a DOT bill or just like a generic type meeting either while it works. Okay, then. Anything else you need from me, John?
Jon Baer: No, not really.
Christopher Hume: Okay. I think, from you. If you could get that guy Adam, that would be freaking sick. And then. I haven't heard back from Steve yet. Do you want me to chase him or would he. Best of you, Jason.
Jon Baer: I'm going to be with him today. We're going to look. Okay, Cool Machine.
Christopher Hume: Super fun. The rest of the machines are crazy. Cool. So if you want to have a meeting. I play anytime on Friday. Happy to kind of give him the walk through them.
Jon Baer: Okay, cool.
Christopher Hume: Thanks, Chef. Hopefully. Yeah. We'll get these leads loaded up, and we'll see if we can start booking some meetings.
Christopher Hume: And then Friday is a team meeting, so we can compare kind of notes. And it's just like an opportunity for the team to level that. So that's going to be all of the SDRs. So I know this week is kind of a weird time at 2:30, but typically, I think I remember you saying the mornings are better for you. Is that correct?
Jon Baer: Yeah, well, I saw maybe I haven't seen the new one. I saw the maybe I did. It was at like 10:30.
Christopher Hume: Yeah, and then I had to bump it because Emily had a conflict.
Christopher Hume: So 1030 usually works for you, John. I'm just going to move it to everyone for then. Does that usually work? For you better than 12:30.
Jon Baer: Yeah, yeah, 10:30 is good.
Christopher Hume: So starting next week, that'll be 10:30. But if you need. If you can't make this, we completely understand.
Jon Baer: Okay?
Christopher Hume: Dude. Also just. Oh, my God. Going to Fargo tonight, getting back at midnight tomorrow.
Jon Baer: What's it for?
Christopher Hume: We have a clinic that's kicking off a pilot, so it's like the full service. Like, let's do everything we can to onboard them.
Jon Baer: That'll be fun.
Christopher Hume: Oh, yeah.
Jon Baer: Hopefully they get you.
Christopher Hume: Nothing like Fargo in March. Hopefully, I'm getting them dinner. Hi, john. Yeah, I think we stay the course for now. Hopefully we can book a meeting or two from this list, and then we just keep feeding me.
Jon Baer: Yeah.
Christopher Hume: Thanks, man. Thank you. Appreciate it.