Christopher Hume: Jaspreet, how are you? I'm sorry, it looks like you might be muted. There's an unmute button on the. The bottom left hand side of your screen, I believe. Hey, Jaspreet.
Jaspreet Kaur: Hey.
Jaspreet Kaur: Can you hear me now?
Christopher Hume: I can hear you. That's so funny. You're frozen image stayed here as well.
Jaspreet Kaur: It's okay. Yeah, I saw that. Okay, There we go. All right.
Christopher Hume: How are you? Happy Friday.
Christopher Hume: Nice to meet you.
Jaspreet Kaur: Good. Happy Friday. How are you doing?
Christopher Hume: Doing great. Doing very well.
Jaspreet Kaur: I appreciate you guys you're taking the time out to meet me. So I do have a few questions about John Psych. So I actually used it yesterday for the first time when I was seeing patients. So I'm a nurse practitioner. Right, Wonderful. It did a good job on, like, capturing all the information. So once. So I added about four new patients on here yesterday. So when I go back to, like, in future just looking up my patients, how do I do that?
Christopher Hume: Yep. So there's two ways. Jaspreet, are you looking at jets, like now?
Jaspreet Kaur: Yeah.
Christopher Hume: So you'll see on the top left hand corner of your screen, you'll see something that says patients.
Christopher Hume: Yeah, you can click there.
Jaspreet Kaur: Oh, yeah, the patients are there.
Christopher Hume: Yep. And you'll have all your patients. And so a shortcut to get to recording is. And I'll sh. If you select one of your patients, you'll then see a button that says record. Now do you see that?
Jaspreet Kaur: Yeah.
Christopher Hume: Yep. And then that'll take you right to the recording screen. And then you could just get up and running with your encounter.
Jaspreet Kaur: Okay. And then the previous encounters that I have had, like, so everything that I had yesterday, if I wanted to just look at the note from yesterday, how do I get to that?
Christopher Hume: Yep. So do you see where it says documentation on the top?
Jaspreet Kaur: Yep.
Christopher Hume: So documentation and then notes.
Jaspreet Kaur: Notes. Oh, I see. And then I can come. Okay, that's good to know. Because yesterday I was just copying everything to a Word document because I wasn't sure if I would lose them. So that's really good to know. And then it will just build on to the pre. So, like, every time I have a new encounter, so it will just keep on building on to the same patient.
Christopher Hume: Yep. As long as you use the same patient name, of course. Yeah.
Jaspreet Kaur: Okay. And then suppose like you know how we have follow up appointments.
Jaspreet Kaur: So if I just want to transfer the information from previous. So like, you know, transfer some of the. Like we. We're not going to do HnP every time when they come in for follow up is just basically making changes.
Jaspreet Kaur: So can I transfer the previous information to the new. No. And then just click, kind of add in whatever needs to be added in.
Christopher Hume: There's no way to automate like salt the note, but JSEC looks at the previous note when it's generating your new note, so it should do a pretty good job automatically of bringing forward the relevant information. If you're having follow up appointments and you're like, oh my gosh, jetsec isn't bringing the right stuff into the note, we can set up another meeting and we can tweak your templates to fix that issue. But it should do a pretty good job right off the bat.
Jaspreet Kaur: Okay, that's. And there's one patient in here. I have no idea who that is. I have. Yeah.
Christopher Hume: Alfred. Yes. That's just the example patient. It's a confusing name.
Christopher Hume: We're gonna fix that.
Christopher Hume: That's just so people see how the patient works.
Jaspreet Kaur: Okay, that's good to know. I didn't know that that was there. Maybe I can just play around with him then.
Christopher Hume: Yes. Yes.
Jaspreet Kaur: Okay. And then in terms of my membership too.
Jaspreet Kaur: So I know the place that I work for. They told me that I don't have to pay anything out of pocket because it's through their organization.
Jaspreet Kaur: Is that true or do I need to pay for it?
Christopher Hume: I'm going to. That's certainly up to you. Work with Monvir, correct?
Jaspreet Kaur: Yes.
Christopher Hume: Yep. She's setting up a group for Eagle. For Eagle View Psychiatry. So I'll shoot her an email or a text after our call. I'll get you added to the group and then take. Typically, how groups work is that the organization pays for everyone in it. I don't want to speak for her, but that is typically how they work.
Jaspreet Kaur: Okay, that sounds good. Okay.
Jaspreet Kaur: And is there any like maximum amount of notes that it will save or it can.
Jaspreet Kaur: It's all unlimited.
Christopher Hume: No, we've never had anyone exceed the. There's no maximum.
Christopher Hume: Um, we have patients. Excuse me, we have customers with thousands of notes and they just leave them all in there. Some customers delete their notes, but no, there's no limit. So you don't have to worry about running out of space or anything like that.
Jaspreet Kaur: Okay. That sounds good. I know that's a silly question.
Christopher Hume: No, no, no, no.
Jaspreet Kaur: Those are the only questions I had. I would just like. Like I said, I used it first time for yesterday for the first time, and it worked out great. I just had a few questions about it, so those are the only ones that I could think of.
Christopher Hume: Well, this was a great call. I'm always glad, actually. Answer the questions right.
Christopher Hume: Yeah, no, this is wonderful.
Jaspreet Kaur: Awesome.
Christopher Hume: Okay, then I'll shoot a message to Manveer and just get you added to the group.
Christopher Hume: And if you need any help in the meantime, you have my email or you can always text that. Phone number, and we'll make sure you're awesome.
Jaspreet Kaur: That sounds good. Thank you so much. I appreciate your help.
Christopher Hume: No, you're so welcome, Jeffrey. Have a great Friday and a great weekend.
Jaspreet Kaur: You, too. Thank you. Take care.