Nathan Peereboom: Hey, can you guys hear me? Okay. Hello?
Adam Harrison: Can you hear us, Nate? Yep.
Nathan Peereboom: Now I'm on.
Daria Lisus: All right.
Nathan Peereboom: All right. Daria, how are you?
Daria Lisus: Good, good. How are you doing? How was your weekend?
Nathan Peereboom: It was. It was great. It was really good. I. I'm sort of tired, though, because two friends played a prank on me very early this morning. I. I give e access to, like, all my friends who live in D.C. for my apartment, and they woke me up, like, super early in the morning just as, like, just to be funny. And so I'm, like, a little bit, like, blurry eyed and, like, exhausted. So. Yeah, so it's been a. It's been a good weekend. Now let's just jump into it. I know we've got a ton to get through. I want to make sure, Daria, that you're armed with everything that you need, and I think the first thing we should do is introductions. So, Adam, you've not met Daria. Daria, you have not met Adam. Adam, why don't you start just, like, introduce yourself, give some context to, like, how you fit into the big picture here, because I think that hopefully you guys will be working together quite a bit.
Adam Harrison: Yeah. Great to meet you, Daria, and thanks, Nate, for setting this up. So, yeah, I'll give you kind of a little bit of the backdrop. So I. Yeah, I'll start with kind of like my. Just my background. So I started out my career in consulting, spent a few years there, and then went over to private equity, and that was where Nate and I first crossed paths. So we were working together at a firm called Silver Lake. And, yeah, so Nate was kind of departing as I was just, like, joining. So we kind of, like, briefly overlapped there. And then I ended up leaving myself after a number of years, and Nate was kind of, you know, kind of. Him and Jackson had made some pretty significant progress getting job psych up and running at the time. And so I joined, you know, a little bit over a year ago, you know, right around when they raised their seed round. And I've been plugging in on kind of a number of different areas in the business, one of which is where I'm spending a lot of my time is kind of on the growth and marketing side of things. Things. So. So for a little bit of context on job site, I'm not sure what Nate has like shared with you already or not, but we have kind of a mix of more like smaller private practices of like solo clinicians as well as like, you know, small and mid sized group practices. And for a lot of our kind of like smaller customers, the way that they discover us is through actually like advertising on Facebook and Instagram and other places. So. So that is like one channel that I have like had a lot of ownership over, over the past year and yeah, it's been, it's been a lot of fun. So. So what we're looking for is like a little bit of. Yeah, sorry, what we're looking for is like to kind of become really great at this, like how we tell our story on like these digital channels, like not only meta Google, but like, you know, other places online as well so that we can like grow our awareness and ultimately grow the number of users that are kind of using us and paying for us hopefully too. And so that has been. Yeah, my scope has been managing everything with regards to that with a real focus on Facebook and Instagram and like how do we get really good at those. That channel.
Daria Lisus: Yeah. Nice. Lovely to meet you. Excited to work together. I can quickly introduce myself. I'm currently finishing my master's at Harvard. I focus on health economics primarily, but kind of anything in the health management space. But in some ways, honestly majority of my personal and professional interests are outside of the research that I do at Harvard. So I come from a startup background. I basically worked, I do neuropsychology research, realized I hated it, so then moved into the startup world in healthcare. Worked in business development and strategy and growth at a startup called Figure one that was acquired a couple of years ago and then since then have also worked at a couple other startups. I've worked at Zermina Lee Pediatrics, which is a pediatric startup where they have both clinics and also like online services. And then I did operations and growth for them. And then I've also actually worked a little bit in vc. Spent some time doing that, specifically looking at women's health vc, like portfolio companies, but doing a lot of analysis for that. And then kind of my bread and butter has always been I'm a, I'm a pretty big gender health equity advocate. So I also helped like start up a nonprofit that I currently help run. But it's very on the side. I'm taking a seat back which is hard for me to do, but it's been very helpful as well as I figure out my own professional journey that focuses on consulting about gender health equity for medical schools and. Pharma and med tech, so kind of all over the place as I talked to Nate when we met last time. I'm definitely a big generalist, so I kind of come from all around, but I really love the startup space. I'm a really big fan of just like the dynamic aspects of it, how fast paced it is, and yeah, really excited to work on this project together. So, yeah, awesome.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, cool. So thank you both for the introductions. Daria, have you had a chance to. Well, let me ask you a few questions. Yeah. So one, have you gotten a chance to look through the memo about just what this is? Okay, cool. What is your experience with like, harnesses? Like, harness, like Claude code, cursor, all that, all that jazz?
Daria Lisus: Yeah, I have some experience with it. Nothing that like, I have never like, been the main person developing, but I've like seen outputs. I've like worked with it. I've also did some reading this weekend. So I'm like, I'm feeling, I'm feeling ready, I'm feeling. Okay, like, that part doesn't scare me at all. I also, like, a lot of my current research requires the use of like, Claude and cursor in general. So it's like, okay, cool, Comfortable with. Yeah, okay.
Nathan Peereboom: Because sometimes we like, like, we talk to candidates and they're like, yeah, like, I'm excited to like, try like working for you guys, but I just don't really use AI in my life. And I'm like, what? That's crazy. So it's good to hear that
Daria Lisus: you're like, yeah, no, no, I definitely, like, that is like, we're highly encouraged to do that. And I also like, genuinely, like, that is. It's a huge aspect of like, the work that I do. So no worries at all.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, sweet. So I think that I want to just frame because with AI tools, you know, what you're basically building here is like a little machine, you know, and it's a machine that is going to have a file system, it's going to have some connections to like, external systems. It's obviously going to have like a chat interface. You're not building any UI around it. Obviously that's what like Claude code is for. Or cursor, whatever you want to use. But I want to highlight the three things that we're like, looking for in terms of like, what constitutes a high quality version of this.
Nathan Peereboom: So one of the biggest dangers of AI as you know, is that it can look really good and give you the false perception that it's like accurate or helpful or insightful when actually it's just cranking out, like, really well formatted, like falsehood. So the three things that we're basically looking for are one, what is your sense of agency? Because, like, like the thing that these AI systems can't give you is agency. And, you know, one of like, like the way that you interact with the system and like, the way that you push back on it and like, you know, push against its syncopency is, like, really, really important to us. So we're going to be definitely curious about how agentic you are, I guess, in the sense that. Uh, you know, we want you to tell us things as you go through this process. Like, hey, you know, I created a plan with, like, Claude code, but actually, like, when I read it, I was like, I don't think this is like. Like, I. I disagree with certain parts of it. So. So disagreeableness is something that we're going to be, like, wanting to see. Um, the second thing is that, that we bring with AI systems is context. So, like, how are you bringing in the right pieces of information so that the AI tool can, like, actually, like, make good imprints? And some of that I kind of gave you in the memo where I was like, okay, look, these are like the. But there's other stuff that I'm probably not thinking about that I am really curious for you to guide us through. As important context. The most important context that you probably need to bring into this system is a correct understanding of the product. The product is very complex. If you write, hey, jot Psych is an AI scribe, and that's the only product definition you give this harness, you're gonna, like, it's gonna basically be wrong. Like, the answers are gonna be wrong. And so part of the test here is how deeply can you learn the right context? And then the third thing is quality control. So, you know, we obviously, like, have a pretty fine, like, sensitivity to, like, what good is in this world. And so part of, like, what we're interested in you bringing to the table is, like, a similar sense of, like. Like, quality bar. So those are the three things you should think about. Am I being really, really willful? Am I injecting my will into the system? I being, like, high agency? Am I bringing the right context? Am I. And am I doing good qc? And then the rest of it is just, like, technical management, but it's not even technical at this point. It's like, just like, you know, it's just like, kind of being smart and being adventuresome. So that's kind of. I just want you to, like, have that framework just so you know how we're looking at and controlling the way that we. We don't want to be a slop company. And with marketing, it's so tempting to be sloppy because marketing is all copy and images. Like, it's so tempting to just, like, crank AI slop out there. And. And so we just have to, like, hold that intention. So what. What questions do you have for us?
Daria Lisus: No, this is great. I actually, I had a question about context, so that was. You kind of clear that up a little bit. My main questions are about the actual inputs and data. So I was just wondering if you have like, example, like, if kind of how to go about in terms of looking at example data. Like, I'm happy to go out into the wild and find all of that as well, but I was wondering if you had.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, example data. Say more. What do you mean by that?
Daria Lisus: Like, for example, I'm just, I'm just thinking about, in developing it, like, things like here it says like inputs, like slack message ingestion. Like, if there's examples of like, slack messages or like, things like that that I can use as, like to develop some context for the way I wanted to interact with it.
Nathan Peereboom: That's a good question.
Nathan Peereboom: So, no, I mean, I use. Here, I'll show you some of my harnesses though, and maybe this is helpful. Let's see. Visual Studio code. Let me just share my whole screen here. Stop sharing window. What's a good example of something that I've used? Okay, so this is like, this is the harness I use for all of our strategy work. And where is it? Integrations. So, I mean, I guess I can send this over, but you should be able to just build this initially. But the basic structure is you've probably got like a folder with like some Slack pull and then you've got like a DOT M file that has like all of your API keys. So that's like the basic structure, but like the way that you actually do it. I mean, my recommendation is always to create a plan file first. So basically say, like, hey, I need to build. You know, like, I want to go back and forth with the system. Here are my goals, here's how I think it should work. Here's the data sources I have. Like, and then create like a file that's like really describing, like, what, you know, what the file structure is, where things sit, how data comes in and out. Like, CLAUDE should help you in like actually making those connections. And then the way that we do it and the way that I do it is either I'll like build like. And I might need to help you with this. Cause I think it requires like some admin. But like, I'll either build a thing in Slack that basically I put in channels and then it reads the whole channel.
Daria Lisus: Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: Or I'll do like a search, like a searchability thing where like I download. This is probably the easiest thing for you, honestly, is like download all the Slack data into a zip file and then have like a word search through it. But I think you probably want some version of an API connection.
Daria Lisus: Yeah, yeah. Yes.
Nathan Peereboom: So. So I guess. Sorry to put a pin on it, it's an API connection that requires an admin key. You have to ask me for that. And then after you ask me for that and you have it, you can like, you should be able to read into any channel that you want.
Daria Lisus: Okay.
Nathan Peereboom: And that should give you the power to like use Python to do either searches or queries or downloads or like, anything that you want in that. In that context. Got it.
Daria Lisus: Okay, that sounds perfect.
Nathan Peereboom: Sorry, that wasn't like the best example because it's just.
Daria Lisus: No, it helped clear up. No worries at all.
Nathan Peereboom: But you're just going to have to ask me for the key because otherwise you can't do it.
Daria Lisus: Perfect. No, that sounds good. Then another question here.
Nathan Peereboom: Wait, Daria, one question.
Nathan Peereboom: Do you know. And it's totally fine if you don't, but. APIs, MCP servers. Do you have a sense of what the difference is?
Daria Lisus: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, cool.
Daria Lisus: Okay, great. Yes. No, no, Sorry. I was trying to. I had so many tabs open all of a sudden I was like, no. Yeah, I. So I, I never like when I feel like working at startups, you like. I was never the tech person, but then I was often asked to do tech related things that I had no idea what I was doing. So it was much a lot of learning on the job. Oh, my one question was about actually outputs. So in terms of outputs, when it comes to like, is there, is there a specific structure that you were hoping for for like analytical summaries and reports, or is it just kind of like I'll test try something out and then we'll see how it goes?
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, I think this is part of like the insight question is like, we're curious how you think about what the right output should be. Um, but I just want to emphasize we don't care about pretty. We just don't.
Nathan Peereboom: So like, if you're like worried, like, oh, like, should this be in a PowerPoint? Should it be in a CSV file? Should it be a memo? Just don't worry. All we care about is the answer. Like if literally it was just like five bullets in a slack message and you're like, nate, this is the answer, that's fine. Like, I don't care at all. So. So don't get like, fix it, fix it on the answer. Forget about the format. We'll figure out the format. X post perfect.
Daria Lisus: Other question was about the process in terms of the schedule. So obviously right now we're having the kickoff call. When were you hoping to do the midpoint touch base? And then also the final.
Nathan Peereboom: I. We'd like to move as fast as possible. So what is the fastest we could move? There's no right answer here. Like, I know because you're. You're like, you've got other stuff going on. So like, it's totally okay. Our thought was maybe a midpoint on Wednesday and then a readout on Friday. Would that work?
Daria Lisus: Would it be possible? And it's super okay.
Nathan Peereboom: Just, just given.
Daria Lisus: Usually I'm a little bit more free. I just, I mean, I'm just. Because of school and class and things like that.
Nathan Peereboom: Totally.
Daria Lisus: Would it be possible to do a midpoint on Thursday and read out on Monday?
Nathan Peereboom: We can't do. So Tuesdays and Thursdays are no meeting days. We don't let anyone do meetings on those days. So they can do deep work. So so how about we do a midpoint Friday and then a final on Monday?
Daria Lisus: That works perfectly for me.
Nathan Peereboom: We also can do it async, Daria. So if you. If you're like, oh, man, I'm blocked because I haven't gotten feedback from Adam or Nate. Just message us. Cause even though it's a no meeting day, we still are on slack and all that. So I'm going to put a midpoint touch base on Friday, but if you need to get in touch on Thursday, just like slack us. Okay, perfect.
Daria Lisus: Yeah, that sounds great. And then, yeah, Fridays, I'm. I'm free anytime in the morning. If that works for you, great.
Nathan Peereboom: And then, like, 11.
Daria Lisus: That sounds perfect.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, great.
Daria Lisus: I'll probably like. My guess is I'll be more than past midpoint by Friday, but it'll be good just to have, like. I'll be probably finishing up. I just. Yeah, Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: I mean, you. You totally know this, but the earlier you share work, the less pain of refinement you'll probably have. So as a general rule, like, we're very proud sharing, like, messy work. Like, we're totally fine with messy work. And so don't be like, don't be shy about sending something early if you. If you want us to react to it.
Daria Lisus: Perfect. That sounds great. No, that. That works perfectly for me. And then for Monday, would the same time next Monday work for you?
Nathan Peereboom: Let me see. Sorry, I'm just adding this. Dahlia Apple doesn't. Wait. Oh, you have a very. Did we give you a job? Tech email. I don't think we did yet. Right?
Daria Lisus: No.
Nathan Peereboom: No. Okay, that comes up, Adam. And. Great. Sorry. Just kidding. This is like. I feel like I've seen so many clinicians prescribe medications on meetings that now that's like my primary, like, modus operandi. When? Okay, so Monday. I'm just looking. So what do we say? 10? 10 works.
Daria Lisus: Yep. That's perfect for me.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, final presentation. I'm going to make this one 45 minutes. Send. Okay, so I just sent those. So now we've got a midpoint Friday, final readout on Monday.
Daria Lisus: Perfect.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, sweet.
Daria Lisus: Yeah, I apologize. That Wednesday. I just. It's. It's my. My class day, so I have like three back to back, three hour lectures.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, no, don't worry about it at all. Hey, I just want to also say, like, we feel just insanely excited about this particular project. Like, I'm kind of. I'm jealous of you. Like, if I. If I just had the time, I would like, love to do this because it truly is, like the mix of like, science and art that I think everyone wishes they could just, like, spend all their time at the intersection of. So I hope this feels like fun to you in the same way that feels fun to us.
Daria Lisus: No, I'm excited. I mean, for some context, like, my. My whole thing is storytelling. Like outside of the fact that I'm like an economist by training, which is like, so boring to say. I told name. Like, I'm embarrassed to call myself that. But, like, hey, I did.
Nathan Peereboom: I love econ.
Daria Lisus: I know, but it's like I was. I was texting at a dinner party and there was like a kid there. And then I was like, oh, they're like, what do you do? I do have the comics. They were like, that's boring. I was like, oh, no, not like the child, like, roasting me. Also say, is that like, I'm a I.
Daria Lisus: I'm like, a good storyteller person, so I feel like this is fun because it gets to combine, like, the quant and with the storytelling aspect, which I'm really excited about.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, totally. All right. Love it.
Daria Lisus: Honestly, that was it for my end. I mean, the memo was really, really helpful, so that was. That's great. Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: Awesome. Adam, anything that you feel like. I'm. This is, to be totally clear, this is, like, Adam's world. Like, I'm kind of, you know, I'm sort of clumsily, like, wading into it. This is like, his specialty. So, Adam, is there anything that you feel like I'm getting wrong here or needing to. You want to, like, do some adjustment on?
Adam Harrison: No, I don't think so. I think this plan sounds good. I would say just feel like, don't hesitate to reach out to, like, myself and me. And as you go along, like, we're happy to help provide, like, any feedback or answer questions. And like Nate said, it's probably better to, like, flag things earlier rather than later, and that'll just probably make your life easier as you go through it, because I know this is a new domain with a lot of context that you're trying to accumulate now yourself just in a pretty short amount of time. I'm personally super excited. I think I see a lot of potential for this project, and it being a tool that we can really use to do a lot of really cool stuff. Um, yeah, I'm personally super stoked and, like, really happy to help whoever I can as you get started.
Daria Lisus: Perfect. No, thank you so much. I will, like, almost a hundred percent be reaching out. So. Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: All right, Lovely. All right, thank you, guys. Appreciate it. And can't wait for Friday.
Daria Lisus: Yeah, looking forward to it. Yeah. And also, yeah, just to confirm you prefer Slack, so just use Slack only, basically, is like the go to.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. Emails. I just get so many emails. Like, it's just. It's a mess.
Daria Lisus: No, I. I hate emails. So, like, I'm not an email person either, so this is perfect for me. If it's. Slack is preferred.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, slack is great. Carrier pigeon sometimes works, but slack is the best.
Daria Lisus: Well, then. Then my. Then my midpoint check in will be in, like, three months. But.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, so you're up in Boston. You can, like, send a. Send a bottle with, like, a little note in. It goes around. Yeah.
Adam Harrison: Slack, carrier pigeon email.
Daria Lisus: That's so funny. Okay, perfect. Yeah. Thank you so much. I really, really appreciate it. Sorry that I was, like, I was just taking notes to make sure I got some of the points down, but that sounds great. I'll probably be checking in, like, throughout the week. I'm asking any questions, but it all looks. It all looks good. And. Honestly. Yeah, just. This is. Sounds great.
Nathan Peereboom: Awesome.
Adam Harrison: Okay.
Nathan Peereboom: See you, Daria.
Nathan Peereboom: See you, Adam.
Adam Harrison: Bye.