Nathan Peereboom: Hi, angie. How are you? Can you hear me? I can.
Angie Corbin: I had you on. I had everything turned down.
Nathan Peereboom: No worries. Well, it's nice to see you. Is very dusk down there in Mississippi.
Angie Corbin: Is it? What? I'm sorry.
Nathan Peereboom: Is it dusk down there? Is it dark? I know you guys are further west in the Times.
Angie Corbin: The sun's starting to set, but it's not yet. Okay.
Nathan Peereboom: See, I was right. It's pitch black up here.
Angie Corbin: Oh, wow. Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: Well, listen, it's so nice to see you. How was your day been? How's your week been so far?
Angie Corbin: It's not Friday yet.
Nathan Peereboom: It will be soon. Only two more days.
Angie Corbin: Thank goodness. This week has kicked my butt.
Nathan Peereboom: How are things going with Adam? I know you guys have touched base a few times, I think. How is that progressing?
Angie Corbin: Pretty good. I just sent him a copy of all of my acceptance letters for my insurances that I have.
Angie Corbin: To make some address changes because I moved my clinic, so I'm having to do that. But, yeah, seems to be pretty good.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, great. That's good to hear. Has he told you? When are you guys planning to go live? What's the plan for going live?
Angie Corbin: I don't know.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay? Great. Do you have a preference around that?
Angie Corbin: No. Not really. I mean. I don't see enough people right now to just really freak out about it. The sign. Run. Get away from Tabor the better.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, so this is our analysis meeting, so I'm going to walk you through a presentation about your situation in Tebra. I think you know this, but it's not great. So here's what I want you to know. There's a bunch of outstanding stuff in Tebra. A lot of it is probably not recoverable. Some of it might be. So. Hey, adam.
Adam Harrison: Hey, nate. Hey, angie. How are you both? Sorry I'm late.
Nathan Peereboom: No, you're good. How are you?
Adam Harrison: I am. I am. Well. Yeah. Thank you. I saw Angie. You just sent across some things literally one minute ago. I was just starting to open it. But I haven't gone through it yet. Thank you, though, for getting those across.
Angie Corbin: And I will get that form filled out. I started working on it about 2:00 this morning. It's been one of those days.
Adam Harrison: No worries. I know it's a lot, especially when then you did your own credentialing, right? Yeah. So you got to kind of wrangle all that stuff together and log into all the portals, so I know it's a hassle, so thank you. For doing that. I don't want to interrupt this call, though, so I guess what I wanted to do was just check in super quickly with you, Angie, see if you had any questions on what I sent over as you're starting to just pull things together. But otherwise, I'll probably drop off and let you and Nate kind of go through.
Angie Corbin: I think I'm okay right now. If I have any questions. I'll get in touch with you.
Adam Harrison: Okay, great. And then you should feel free to also start, like, go ahead and signing notes and reading the claim, and that will go in our queue. And we can start billing for those once we get the rest of this stuff set up. But, yeah, you should feel free to kind of start doing that. Yes, go live, dave. So it's just dependent on when we get those docs. But we can bill for visits that you're doing this week or even prior to today. So I would feel free to go ahead and start just getting things signed and we can submit them for you.
Angie Corbin: I'm sorry. How do I end this relationship with Tebra? Just don't pay them.
Nathan Peereboom: That'll definitely end it. Contact with them, Angie.
Adam Harrison: I'm sorry.
Nathan Peereboom: Are you under contract with them? Like, for example, are you on, like, an annual contractor and a monthly contract?
Angie Corbin: I think it's a monthly contract.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay? Here's what I would say. Don't end anything with yet. Let's give us a few rounds of just getting you all set, making sure everything's there. We might need to call Tabra at some point and work with their team, and there's no reason to create friction in that process. So, Adam, could we just mark down that, let's say, April 4th? It's March 4th right now. April 4th. We will get you off of Tebra fully, but stay on it for the next month. But we can help you go through and click, like, cancel my account at that point, okay?
Angie Corbin: Okay?
Nathan Peereboom: Perfect. And then, let's see. Okay, Perfect. Great. Adam, when are you guys meeting again? Do you have another time on the calendar? Do I need to set that up? After we do our little analysis presentation.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, if you wanted to just schedule some time for a quick kind of 15, 20 minute touch base next week, Angie, just to make sure everything is on track. Is there a good time for you sometime? Maybe Wednesday next week? I'm pretty open from like 12 to 2. If you have anything in there or later in the evening works too.
Angie Corbin: Do we need? Do I need to have my computer?
Adam Harrison: Ideally, yes, because we may. I may need to kind of like, show you how to do something in dropsy or something like that, so.
Angie Corbin: But I'm super flexible.
Adam Harrison: I can do mornings, evenings, during the day, whatever's easiest.
Angie Corbin: I don't know if patients that after. Let me look at my other calendar if you. Don't mind, and I'll get back with you.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, no worries. Or maybe, Nate, if you end up sending something at the end, you can just drop it on my calendar, too.
Nathan Peereboom: Perfect.
Angie Corbin: Okay, cool.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, we can figure out. I have the access to your calendar, Adam, so I'll find a spot.
Angie Corbin: Okay. Thank you.
Adam Harrison: Thank you. All right.
Adam Harrison: Thank you, guys. I'll let you take it from here.
Angie Corbin: Thanks, adam.
Nathan Peereboom: See ya.
Angie Corbin: Okay?
Nathan Peereboom: So let's just jump into it, shall we?
Angie Corbin: Okie dokie.
Nathan Peereboom: All right. Okie dokie, des. All right, so, angie. One thing that we don't like to see in a clinics billing practice is when they've collected $0 from insurance across 59 claims. I think that most of this is just still in process, so we're going to talk that through.
Nathan Peereboom: But one of the early things that we need to do is go chase these claims, okay?
Angie Corbin: From Blue Cross, Blue Shield sitting out in a bank account. Somewhere. Yeah, they pay like $2,000 in claims, first part of last year.
Angie Corbin: Oh, I just don't know. Don't know how to put them on the account.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, look, there's a really good chance that all of this data is skewed by the fact that we don't have your banking data. Because Tebra is just not registering anything coming back from these insurance companies, so it's all going to look dead.
Nathan Peereboom: In which case it might not even make sense to look through this. It might be the kind of thing where you need to give us your, like, you might need to give us access to your Blue Cross Blue Shield like account, and we need to log in and they have some record. It might be a CSV file that we have to download and append and, like, that's our job like we're happy to do that. This analysis if you're receiving money or eras anywhere outside of Tebra is.
Angie Corbin: I'm sorry, I should have told you that before, and it just.
Nathan Peereboom: Oh, no, it's great to hear, though. I mean, I would, I would be, I would be very bummed if this data were actually true. So it's great, it's awesome to hear that you've actually gotten paid and you have a low volume practice. So if you've gotten paid even $2,000. The amount of, like, loss here is, like, really, really, really small. Okay, Okay. All right. So I'm going to skip through everything that is based on claims being paid. Which is only going to give us, like, a few slides. This is the first one that I want us to look at, though.
Nathan Peereboom: So right now, what I'm seeing is a few things. One, most of your visits are 992-39-9212s. We've been in this business quite a. Quite a while. I think that this, the shape of this CPT distribution is it leans a little bit lower complexity than what I would guess you could be charging for the care that you give. And the reason why I say that is that, like, Almost no one is 99212. Like 99212 is like. Is like a college athlete. Who has had a single week of depression is getting one pill of Wellbutrin. Like it is like such a low barrier of complexity. And maybe this is your population, but knowing the area of the country you're in and knowing the national averages around this, you lower cost than you probably should. So one of the first things that we want to do is an honest assessment, based on your transcripts, of whether or not this coding is correct. And that's something that I just want you to watch as we start, you know, doing billing for you. Is, do you feel comfortable with the transition probably to a more like 992-39-9214 heavy profile. And again, if that's not actually your patient population, we're not going to bill for that. But. But again, the shape of this graph is like a little bit, like, surprising. The second thing that I'm noticing is that you don't do psychotherapy. Add on. Is that right?
Angie Corbin: I don't know how great.
Nathan Peereboom: That's awesome. That's what. That's what we're here for. We find that it is nearly impossible for someone who's delivering medication management to not be delivering psychotherapy. It can happen, but it's very, very rare unless you're seeing patients for two and a half minutes. And part of what we want to do as your billing team is help you in terms of answering the question what constitutes psychotherapy? Add on one and two. How do we document so that you get credit for it? It should change dramatically. Like the economics of each visit for you.
Angie Corbin: Okay?
Nathan Peereboom: Okay? Okay, so. Okay, so you mentioned that you have received about $2,000 from Blue Cross Blue Shield. So a significant of these 44 claims are probably that right now there's 13 claims that have been rejected. And we're going to, like, look into why. But let's assume that 100% of this no response did get paid. This still feels pretty high to us. This still feels like a 25% rejection rate, which is way too high for the care that you're doing. You know, be one thing if you were like a plastic surgeon or something like that, then we could talk about 25% rate being OK. But this rejection rate is a little high. And it's, again, something we just want to, like, be really careful about. And it's one of the benefits of working with us is that we're going to make sure your claims are really clean when we send them, and then if they do get rejected, we're going to appeal them. To the cows, come home, so you get paid for them, okay? And this is something that we should work with you on. We would love to get your submission times down a little bit. So, you know, on average, it takes around 52 days to, like, sign a note and then bill for it. And that totally makes sense. Given that you're doing it yourself. What we're going to nudge you on. And this is kind of what you heard Adam say at the end. We want you to sign your notes as fast as you can. Because as soon as you sign your note, that starts the clock for us being able to go and litigate and bill for you.
Angie Corbin: Okay.
Nathan Peereboom: Now, part of what we want to make sure, though, is that we. We don't want you to sign the note without reading it, and we want to make sure that the node itself is awesome, because the note is how we do our billing. It's how we get comfortable with the claim we're submitting. And it's also the thing that gets audited. So you're going to hear this recurring kind of anthem of like, we want you to sign the notes, and we also want to make sure that we're hitting all the requirements the insurer have. But this is the baseline. The baseline 52 days. Which is around a month and a half. Okay, so with that, there are around 20 claims, so about a third of little over a third of, like, what you have done in your practice is not billable based on the expiration of Mississippi's Blue Cross Blue Shield. Now, again, this might be billed somewhere else. There might be something we're missing here, but. Right now, it looks like there's 20 claims outstanding. And about 26 are within the filing limit. Okay, this I'm going to ignore because. This is all based on whether they paid you or not. I'm going to ignore that. Oh, this is interesting. So you have 12 recent appointments that have no charges. So this is around $1,300. What's the context here? Is this?
Angie Corbin: No idea. Okay?
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, this might be something where we just, like, sit and walk through it with you.
Angie Corbin: Their billing is so weird. You have to click when you finish your note. You click charge. And then you have to go back into another app. Bill it or charge it or something for it to go to insurance. I've never gotten any clear, clear instructions on, and, I mean, that's my fault. But on how to do it.
Nathan Peereboom: No, that's totally fair. In job sec. It's really easy. You just have to click sign note, and then we take it from there.
Nathan Peereboom: That's all you have to do.
Nathan Peereboom: But we can, like, talk about whether, like, how to recover this and if it's the kind of thing. I mean, it's great, actually, if you haven't booked it through Tebra, because then we can just copy and paste the note into Jot Psych and we can start it through our system, so. That's really fine. As long as we have all your paperwork.
Angie Corbin: Yeah, all the. All my visits are. They have transcripts on jot site.
Nathan Peereboom: Oh, that's great. Okay.
Nathan Peereboom: And these are all in 2026, as you can see. Angie, I think this is all 12 of them represented here. Look, these aren't that far behind. I mean, these are, like. These are all in February. There's, like, two from January. These are, like, perfectly, like, normal in the zone for, like, billing right now. So if you already did them in job psych, what I would say is, let's let Adam know, then sign. Them. And then let's. Let's get those out the door. I mean, let's. Let's try and get that done this week, because again, we just want to start the cycle of getting you paid.
Angie Corbin: So Saran notes in file claim.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. The other thing that I want us to do, Angie, is I want us to check in on your credentialing. Maybe this is not. Maybe again, maybe you just are receiving this stuff elsewhere. The Tebra data is such that, like, my first reaction was like, maybe, like, there's an enrollment problem. But again, I can't see exactly where the money is going, so that. That's a little opaque.
Angie Corbin: I'm sorry. One thing with it is I was trying to go to Athena at one time. I had grand plans of having, you know, a grand business. And then life happens.
Nathan Peereboom: You're still going to have a grand business, Angie. We're just going to help you with the billing.
Nathan Peereboom: You and I are both going to have a grand business. You're going to be doing all the real work. And I'M just going to be making sure you get paid.
Angie Corbin: That's it. But when I was signing up with Athena, I signed up with US bank, and I think it knocked a clearinghouse out of Tabra.
Nathan Peereboom: Oh, yes. That is what happens. So, receiving your era in Athena.
Angie Corbin: Apparently, because that's where my money is as a US bank, and I've got to figure out how to get it to my account.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay?
Angie Corbin: Because I didn't realize.
Nathan Peereboom: That's awesome, though, if you're getting paid in a theme. Wait, do you have an Athena account?
Angie Corbin: No, I decided not to use them.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, let me explain a little mechanic here.
Angie Corbin: Ok?
Nathan Peereboom: There's something really interesting in the insurance industry that says this. You can submit a claim from as many ehrs as you want. But you can only receive the receipt, what they call an era, to a single software. So here's what I think happened. And I could be wrong, but I'm 99% sure I'm right. I think what happened is you signed up for Athena and what you did was you said, hey, the money goes to US bank, the era goes to Athena.
Nathan Peereboom: When you stop using Athena, you lost all the visibility on what was getting paid, but the money still comes. Like the insurance company isn't not going to pay you because Your era is messed up. They still have to pay you based on your contract.
Nathan Peereboom: So my guess is that there's some Athena account out there. That if you were to log in, you would still see the historical data, which would include your era. So let me ask this. Do you have Athena login? Like, if we were to go to Athena right now, could we log in and see things?
Angie Corbin: Probably let me find that shade of paper. Because I was looking at it today, wondering, why do I still have this? But now I'm glad I can.
Nathan Peereboom: Angie, this is. This is the missing piece. This is the missing piece of the puzzle.
Angie Corbin: Awesome. Let me see if I can find it. Wait. No, that's us bank. That's not. Doing the rip somewhere.
Nathan Peereboom: Great. I'm going to stop sharing this. If we find this, I'll just redo the whole thing for you.
Angie Corbin: I'm sorry.
Nathan Peereboom: No, don't be sorry. I want you to have the right information, and I want us. I mean, it's also kind of self interested. Like, I want us to crush this for you, Angie. I want us to. I want your socks to fly off your feet when you stand up here. You're getting through all right.
Angie Corbin: I do not.
Nathan Peereboom: Hey, it's totally okay. You don't have to look for it right now. Here's what I would say. If you find it. If you don't find it, it's totally fine. Because we're going to reroute your era so that we get it in jot psych, so. We can do this analysis all the time. If you do find it, send it my way and I'll take another look at it for you, okay? All right. Awesome. That's all I've got. I think you're in really good hands. I think it's just about getting the cycle started, learning from each other, and making sure that we run really closely so that you just get to practice your clinical care and we get to take care of everything else, okay?
Angie Corbin: Awesome.
Nathan Peereboom: Lovely.
Angie Corbin: Sounds good. Okay.
Nathan Peereboom: Amazing. Any other questions for me before we sign off?
Angie Corbin: Do you want me to send you the Blue Cross Blue Shield? I think I have. I can get the list of what they've paid.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay? Literally any document you have that you send to us. I'll just tell you what our back end is. I have this entire AI system where you could send me a paper napkin with, like, the details from Blue Cross Blue Shield. It would read it as a photo, convert it into text, put it in a spreadsheet, like, fill it out. Like, I can do. I can. Absolutely. Magically and wizardly like work with any piece of data, an artifact you give me.
Angie Corbin: Awesome. Okay. So perfect.
Nathan Peereboom: Don't be shy about that. You're also not going to overwhelm me. Like, if you were to send me 600 pages of just gobbledygook from Blue Cross Blue Shield because they're cramming random paper filings.
Nathan Peereboom: Just send it to me and I'll. Figure it out.
Angie Corbin: Okay? Sounds good.
Nathan Peereboom: All right, great. Let's get some time with you and Adam. And I just want us to make sure that. We're getting rocking and rolling here. And I'm gonna go.
Angie Corbin: Adam.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, great.
Angie Corbin: How does.
Nathan Peereboom: Next week Work for you? Are you open on Monday?
Angie Corbin: I am not sure. Because I have that stuff in my other calendar. But I will. I will make time. Yes.
Nathan Peereboom: All right, well, we have flexibility between 1pm Eastern and 4:30 Eastern. So if you give us a time in that block, I'll make sure that Adam's there.
Angie Corbin: 04:30 Eastern is what, 03:30 my time?
Nathan Peereboom: Oh yeah, I'm sorry. So it's 12pm Your time to 3:30 Central.
Angie Corbin: Let's do 3:30 and I will find an Internet connection somewhere.
Nathan Peereboom: All right. 330.
Angie Corbin: You may get to see the prison.
Nathan Peereboom: Well, you know, we've done a lot of site visits, but never a prison. All right. Job. Bill, angie plus adam. Adam. Angie.
Angie Corbin: Yeah, I'll make that work.
Nathan Peereboom: My gosh. What is your email? How do I not have your email address? I must.
Angie Corbin: P m h n p.
Nathan Peereboom: Let's see. Outlook. There we go. All right, so I'm going to send this to you. Boom. Boom. Send, send. Invite all guests. Okay, great. Let me know if that came through.
Angie Corbin: Excuse me. Yes.
Nathan Peereboom: Amazing.
Angie Corbin: Okay, great. I will work on this other stuff.
Nathan Peereboom: Thanks a million, Angie. All right.
Angie Corbin: Thank you.
Nathan Peereboom: Have a great evening. Okay?
Angie Corbin: You too. All right. Bye. Bye.