Christa Aslanian: Hi.
Becca Bressler: How are you?
Christa Aslanian: I'm doing well. I'm glad this day is almost over yet.
Becca Bressler: Oh my God, I totally understand.
Christa Aslanian: Yeah. Yeah. So I have. Like just a few minutes to go over and I'm sorry that I missed us this morning.
Becca Bressler: I just totally okay.
Christa Aslanian: Also we've made some cousins, but I liked the job psych video. It was great.
Becca Bressler: Oh great.
Christa Aslanian: Yeah the only thing I'll say is like the timing of it. Like so. I mean I think that there's different platforms that do this but like so when I schedule a patient for a visit and I do that through when are they receiving like that notification. That they have an appointment and go through there.
Becca Bressler: For JotSike. So that's based on your notification preferences. So like in your appointment type or in the appointment that you're setting up like you can send the link two days in advance, you can send an hour in advance. You can send it 15 minutes in advance. So we were having issues with the notification itself.
Becca Bressler: So if that is that presented itself like we're aware and I think that's been resolved but it's basically up to you to decide about your notification settings. The key thing about the room though is like it only like opens up 15 minutes before the appointment. So if your patient clicks the link, they won't get an error. They'll see like hey this room's not available yet. Like come back at your scheduled time. That's totally. Yeah. The notification is just it's whenever you want it to be basically.
Christa Aslanian: Okay and where do I set that up?
Becca Bressler: Yeah, no great question here. Let me so we have you do you actually want to pull up your computer or your jobs? I can share it. Maybe I could or if that's here right now. Yeah.
Becca Bressler: Just share your screen and we can go from there. Okay. So if you go to the schedule. If you hit schedule so so is this how you've been scheduling your appointments? For telehealth like when you've been creating your telehealth appointments what has your workflow actually been.
Christa Aslanian: I usually schedule it right in the session.
Becca Bressler: Okay got it. What does that mean for you? So you go to the recorder or like right before you just like add an appointment basically.
Christa Aslanian: No so like. Well how I'm going to start this that was like I've only had seen like two patients you know a couple of patients through jot psych. So but typically what I've been doing if I'm doing it using it.
Becca Bressler: Sorry.
Christa Aslanian: Is it will pick up the you know it'll hear the scribes say that like let's schedule a visit for and then it'll. Prompt it'll hear that in my dictation or whatever and then so it pops up then I'm like oh perfect. So I just accept it once it's in there.
Becca Bressler: Oh, so that's been generally right for you guys.
Christa Aslanian: Oh yeah it's like that's spot on
Becca Bressler: yeah you accept it and then what's your next so like I accept. If you were going to create a telehealth appointment from it then so you would go to view session. And then what would you do?
Christa Aslanian: I don't know because I haven't really done let me just look at the schedule sorry.
Becca Bressler: Because presumably when you've been setting up appointments you've been creating appointments right or or do you open it and then add click the telehealth button is that how you've been doing it?
Christa Aslanian: Yeah. I open it and click the telehealth and it comes down like here and I just click on it and it takes me there.
Becca Bressler: So where do you add it? Do you like click into these cards or like how do you add like if we were going to take one of them and make it a telehealth appointment for a second like how would you.
Christa Aslanian: Test patient okay. So I'm going to schedule an appointment. There. We go.
Becca Bressler: Great. So the way that this and so you've tried it by just copying this link is that the idea yeah totally. Great so the way that this would work is you would go to your schedule so but this is actually Krista this is like really interesting and hasn't surfaced yet. You. Are currently basically getting your schedule from what we are hearing and prompting for you. But that is not. With it there's no like link that's it there's no like button for you that's like make this a telehealth basically which is something we should think about because if you go to schedule this is the way that it would work with like appointment reminders. If you hit schedule.
Christa Aslanian: Sorry no problem.
Becca Bressler: So if you were going to go to your can you go to like can you hit the toggle that says schedule view up there? And let's see what it so if you were looking at this for instance the way that you would create it was you would hit Becca test for that appointment. And then you would select the telehealth button but if you scroll down you'll notice that there's a reminder awesome so what you would do is you would set the reminder whenever you want and that's when your patient would get the link.
Christa Aslanian: You do more than one reminder.
Becca Bressler: Right now we actually only have one but this is something I think we need to surface. I'm realizing because I think it makes sense that you would want multiple reminders but right now the day of right exactly yeah no I think we should do that but this is this is how it goes and then you hit schedule also just to oh maybe you can actually do another one what am I talking about hit schedule a reminder? Yeah yeah great yeah there you go boom boom so the way that you can sort of spare yourself from having to like continuously do that is by editing like your appointment types if you scroll up for a second on this. What you've done right here is you've created an appointment with the appointment type medication management right so. If you go to your medication management appointment type you can if for all of your medication management appointments let's say you were doing telehealth you could add the reminders there so that every time you wouldn't have to click reminder reminder specific to each appointment type it's specific to each appointment type so if that's something that's interesting to you you can just go to the appointment type and like edit and that's like the global setting basically so you don't have to keep clicking. But the way that you do that is right now you're modifying an appointment. I would close out of this for one second. And just show you on the side you see where it says appointment types. Underneath the like schedule view so you would just like select it there and if you click on that.
Christa Aslanian: Oh my gosh this is great.
Becca Bressler: Yeah but there's a lot that look the way this happened it got very confusing because all of your templates became appointment types which is why you see a lot of the exact same ones unfortunately which is like extremely confusing. But if you pick the one that you've been using most often in your recorder or like for your appointments you can then just like set it all up here but basically that's what would happen that your your patient would get a reminder and this is kind of how it would be configured.
Christa Aslanian: Perfect.
Becca Bressler: Any other feedback you have we've actually made some adjustments so it would be but but yeah you mentioned you had a few things
Christa Aslanian: I think no that was it yeah thanks
Becca Bressler: yeah do you want to keep trying it out we've continued to make some improvement so I would love
Christa Aslanian: for you yeah, I'm gonna I would love to use it for like the next couple of weeks honestly like I have a lot I'm like ramping up my private business so like I would love to use it
Becca Bressler: honestly okay cool we're like hoping to roll this out honestly by like Friday or Monday as like an add on feature so but like I would love for you to keep using it and and we can like chat over email even just getting some feedback and then we'll just yeah we'll keep in touch about it but awesome thank you I'm so happy
Christa Aslanian: you're still stoked no yeah I'm stoked on it and then I did the video with the patient you know yeah like the and it was awesome like it was clear it was like I could hear really well he could hear really well nose at all like
Becca Bressler: it was perfect and you got like the pop out right it was like the picture yeah yeah and did you get the version just because we're iterating quickly where it's like one click to record and open the video it's not like two separate clicks that was one click yeah great okay cool yeah so you got
Christa Aslanian: the newest version I was like all right perfect great yeah
Becca Bressler: awesome okay so excited to hear that let's just keep in touch though I want to keep hearing if it break if it has any if you have any issues or any confusions or things that you want please just let me know okay I will thanks Becca so much yeah thanks Christa
Christa Aslanian: for trying this out absolutely okay bye.