Christopher Hume: Good. So nice to. To meet you. Virtually.
Eric-Paul Olsson: Yeah, likewise.
Christopher Hume: Yeah. So I. I believe you spoke with my colleague John a few weeks ago and chatted a little bit about AI and kind of how other clinics are implementing it and.
Eric-Paul Olsson: Yeah.
Christopher Hume: Wonderful. Well, looks like we're just joined by kind of my CEO Nate. So, Nate, I'll give you the floor to say hello and introduce yourself.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. Is it Eric Paul? Is that.
Eric-Paul Olsson: Yeah, Eric Paul. Or EP is fine. EP is fine.
Nathan Peereboom: Ep. Okay, cool. Well, you know, it's great to meet you. My name's Nate, as Chris said, and, you know, I'd love to just start out by asking you a little bit about your contacts. Like, tell me about your world. What kind of patients do you see? Where in the country are you? I have a little background, but, like, not that much.
Eric-Paul Olsson: Yeah, no worries. So I am. So I'm based out of Newton, which is, like, right outside of Boston. We are primarily a psychiatric practice, so we do a lot of, like, medication management, some psychotherapeutic interventions.
Nathan Peereboom: Yep.
Eric-Paul Olsson: But I would say. So my practice primarily focuses on, like, LGBTQ IA care.
Nathan Peereboom: Gotcha.
Eric-Paul Olsson: But we see, I mean, people of all walks of life, like, we're not. I mean, we would never turn anyone away, but, like, we're geared towards, like, promoting towards, like, queer mental health care.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay.
Eric-Paul Olsson: So that would be our. Our primary. Yeah. We've been in business since 2023. I've expanded to two other locations. Northampton as Marshfield. So I'm on the South Shore in western Massachusetts, and. Yeah, just kind of makes sense.
Nathan Peereboom: Ep, so tell me, what is your just, like, personal history here? Like, are you. Yeah. Like, how do you fit into the. The tapestry in the ecosystem?
Eric-Paul Olsson: So, like, how I got into psychiatry or, like, I guess I'm not really.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, I'm. I'm a little bit interested in, like, that, like, you're just, like, personal journey into psychiatry. And also then, like, at this practice, you know, it sounds like you see patients. Are you primarily, like. Are you in a management role? Are you like, primarily just working horizontally with everyone in the practice? Like.
Eric-Paul Olsson: Yeah.
Eric-Paul Olsson: How do you fit into the.
Eric-Paul Olsson: Into the organization? I'm the practice owner. I kind of just do everything that's needed. I do have a practice manager. I see patients of my own. I would say that's, like 90% of what I do. And then, like, just wherever else I'm able to do, I'm, like, either running payroll or, you know, managing, like, if there's, like, a dispute or if there's a, like, patient complaints, I'm managing and. Surfacing through those as needed. Working with my practice manager on that.
Nathan Peereboom: Gotcha. Very cool. So when you think about AI, like what is, how do you guys use AI now? What is the relationship you have to it? And in particular like, what are the highest priorities when you think about AI for your practice?
Eric-Paul Olsson: So most, I would say we don't really use any AI, like, I mean, unless if they're like semi features that are featured in the software that I'm using. So simple practice is using AI for just kind of like screening our billing and whatnot. Right now, other than that, I'm not really using a lot of AI, partially because some of our patients were starting to see some like chatgpt psychosis. Just because people are constantly checking in with chatgpt of like what they should do and kind of isn't really giving a good reputation. And I am a little hesitant to kind of go into like the AI world just because it's not very good for the environment in general. But I am curious as to like, what are the developments and stuff.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, totally. Okay. One other question, very interesting. What Tell me about this tool you use to screen before going to billing. Like, what is that called, what does it do, etc.
Eric-Paul Olsson: So they just call it the Billing screen tool. And essentially it just kind of like screens any sort of things that could be missing. So if I'm missing certain, certain diagnostic codes that I've been like previously using, or if I'm missing like a telehealth code or like they tend to do that. And then I believe AI is also like screening like any sort of like if there was a rejection or not able to enter the clearinghouse. It like gives me rationale as to like, what's going on, as to like why this wasn't done. To kind of help me figure out who should I call or what should I navigate to to address with that.
Nathan Peereboom: Gotcha. When you think about the entire life cycle of, of your clinic like, or of a patient. So think about, you know, intake, eligibility checks, collecting payment, getting them on the calendar, doing the encounter, getting them an E prescription, writing the notes, submitting the claim, appealing those claims that get denied, receiving the payment that whole life cycle. What is, what's the most painful part of that cycle for, for your practice right now?
Eric-Paul Olsson: Probably dealing with insurance, to be quite honest.
Nathan Peereboom: Interesting. Tell me about that. What makes insurance challenging?
Eric-Paul Olsson: I think a better answer to that is what doesn't make insure like working with insurance challenging? They are consistently. Denying claims where they shouldn't be. It is always an argument to try to have medications covered. Yeah. It's just like at every turn they're just trying not. They're trying to find ways to not pay for things where they should be. And it's just, it's a consistent battle or fight even, or argument to have them do what they're supposed to do. And that's COVID patients care.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, yeah. Who deals with that right now at your clinic? Is that. Are you the person that's like, like picking up the phone, emailing them, like, who's actually interfacing with the insurance company?
Eric-Paul Olsson: So primarily that's my practice manager who's doing that right now. But often, like if there's like more than they can, they can chew on at the moment, like, I will assist where I can.
Nathan Peereboom: Gotcha, Gotcha. Super interesting. So this, I'm just curious, like this billing tool, the screening tool that you're using, is it catching a lot of that? Like, like did that change the challenge that you guys had with the, with the, with the insurance companies or, or not yet?
Eric-Paul Olsson: I, I would say insurance companies are just, I think they're using their own AI tools to actually screen things, which is making things much more difficult for us to even just bill or even do that. When I say do that, like submit bills or even like try to. If I need to talk to someone, actually talk to a human because they're using a lot more of this like automated sort of system. Yeah. So if anything, it's made things more difficult on my end, but it is. Has always been probably the bane of my existence.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. Totally.
Eric-Paul Olsson: Throughout just working as a healthcare provider.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. Yeah, that makes sense. You know, I want to be helpful to you in this call and there are a few different directions we can go and I'm just curious like what you would find best. So you know, I'm happy to tell you about like what we do for billing. We have a, you know, we have a full suite that like does eligibility checks, then writes what's called a payer aware notes. We upload all of your payer documents and we actually write a note that is like perfect glove fit for like what a payer's looking for. And then we do all claims denials management on our side. So like we, you know, I can, I'm happy to like walk you through that and show you it, I guess.
Eric-Paul Olsson: Like what, what are the services that jocks or jot Psych kind of do in general? Like sounds like you have some billing options. I believe the initial, like, outreach was talking about, like, scribe sort of stuff. Like what. What are the services that you. You offer?
Nathan Peereboom: Totally. Okay, so the main software is an AI scribe.
Nathan Peereboom: So, you know, you click record, and, you know, it's really, really simple. You know, you can write notes about the patient, but it's essentially like you can upload any kind of document or any kind of audio file, and we create the perfect note for you. Now, when a note is created, we do an auto audit, similar to, I think, what you're describing. But we do things like we'll review the CPT codes, and then for that CPT code, we'll recommend changes to the note, which you can then just fix with using AI. Now, from a clinic perspective, what's great is that you can, you know, add as many rules as you want so you can upload a bunch of documents. And again, we'll just like, we'll basically look through every document, write a binary rule, check every single encounter with it, and then you can see where you're doing well or you're not doing well. And then, you know, if you click into any particular rule, you can see what the trend is over time and the violations and all that good stuff. So our big theory is that by uniting the billing and the documentation worlds, we can create, you know, the best, you know, the best care for patients, and we can create the least amount of uncertainty for. For clinicians. So, you know, in terms of just, like, how this plays in the wild, you know, we. We're in, you know, over 2,000 clinics, we've scribed for over 2.1 million encounters. And what people say is, hey, I, I save time on an individual basis.
Nathan Peereboom: This is a case study we did in our area. So clinic with around 100 clinicians. I saved one and a half to two hours per day. That's what the clinicians at this clinic claimed when they started using John Psych, 80% of people said that their notes were not just better, but significantly better. No one said they got worse. And speed of submission declined by 60%.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, now the actual thing that is kind of the crown jewel in, you know, in our program is this. Is this offering called Jotbill. Now, what Jotbill is, is it takes all of the power of the AI scribe, all the power of this audit engine, and it unites it with a human system. So we have, with team members on staff. I mean, if you. When you're talking about, you know, picking up the call or the phone and talking to a person, that's the kind of thing that we handle, and we have humans that handle. So, you know, our goal is like, we want to have the best AI system. You know, we want the best computer system, but we also want to control for all the edge cases for both, you know, dealing with insurers, but also serving our customers. You know, we want you to feel like you can always get on the phone with us.
Eric-Paul Olsson: Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: So from the perspective of the clinicians, and this is just our philosophy, you can tell me if you disagree with this. Our perspective is that no clinician gets into behavioral health because they want to work with insurance companies. They get into behavioral health because they care about clinical outcomes. They care about serving patients, they care about human connection. So the way that the clinician experiences jot psych and jot bill together is they show up in the morning, they know exactly who's eligible to be, you know, reimbursed. So they know who they can see. They simply walk in, do the encounter with jot psych on. We then create that pairware note. You simply read the note, feel good about it, click sign, and you're done. Our system handles everything afterwards. And what we do is we'll meet with you on a monthly basis and show you, hey, here's the dollars and cents of your practice. Here's what, you know, here's what you guys need to do to, you know, to grow. Here's what you need to do to, you know, hire more clinicians, et cetera, under the hood. I mean, I won't walk through all this because it's a little overwhelming, but, you know, you mentioned, you know, like, the environmental impact of, of job psych. You know, our view is that, well, you know, if, if humans are spending a huge amount of time doing something like, like waiting online for an insurance company to pick up, in our view, that is like so spiritually, like, replete that like, we would rather spend like whatever the little bit of electricity is on, you know, on software to do it. Now we also have a special program for carbon offset. So if you're interested in us carbon offsetting, your use of jot psych, that's something that we do. It's really, really easy. But the thing that I always remind people is, you know, anytime you use AI, each call is the equivalent of warming up a tablespoon of tea.
Nathan Peereboom: So anytime you have a cup of tea, you're doing, you're doing the equivalent of like 600, 600 different AI calls. And it's true that like, over the large span of the, you know, the world, it's, it, it does add up. But, but something that we offset and is a trade off that we think makes sense given how painful and, and horrible it is that clinicians are spending time haggling with insurance companies for care that they deserve to be reimbursed for.
Nathan Peereboom: But that's again, that's just our philosophy as a company.
Eric-Paul Olsson: Mm.
Nathan Peereboom: Now, in terms of getting started, we have like a really, really, really easy entrance program. There are two entrance programs. I'll tell you about both of them and then you can just tell me if you're interested in either. But there's no pressure. I know this is just like an intro conversation so the first thing is, if you're interested in us helping you build, we have a very, very in depth analysis project that we'll do for you. Now, we charge $300 one time for it. And the reason we charge that is because if we didn't charge it, we'd be doing 6,000 of these projects every day. And, you know, people wouldn't show up for the meetings. And like, we have to have some stake fee.
Nathan Peereboom: It's symbolic, you know, it's simply designed for us to make sure we're spending our, our time well. Now what we do is we staff an engineer and an analyst and we ask three things. One, what are you earning today? To where is your money getting delayed or lost? And three, how could you change your practice to unlock the most impact?
Nathan Peereboom: Now, even if you never decide to go forward with jot psych or jot Bill, this is super, super helpful information. And you'd be shocked at how much we uncover. I mean, I mean like there's so much fine print in these contracts, it's remarkable. And humans are not like the contracts are designed to be obfuscating. So we can look through your data, we can tell you what's going on, even if you never come on as like a recurring client. It's super helpful. Now we have another way to try JOT psych, which I think is, you know, also really attractive, which is basically just to pilot the software in your clinic. Now you can pilot the software with unlimited seats, unlimited features for anywhere between two and six weeks. As a practice, if you do four to six weeks, what's great is that we'll actually come out and we'll do a training with your team. So we'll sit down, you know, bring lunch. Chris just got back from Florida. He did this with, with a team down in Florida yesterday. And we'll really just hand hold people as they get started. Now it's really easy, it's super, super easy to software to learn. But really, this is a little colder in Newton. That's right. We're going to have to bring our snow pants up there. But it's super, super easy. I mean we've designed it to be such. You simply click, start recording, you do the encounter and you've been. So let me, let me pause there. I know I've thrown a lot at you, but I, I want to like just kind of elicit your reactions and, and understand like where your head's at.
Eric-Paul Olsson: Yeah. So it sounds like, you know, with this job build like you would kind of like analyze like where, where my spending is kind of going or excuse me, not so much spending but like, like how much we're actually getting in from the insurance company. So kind of. And what the turnaround time is and where we could be recovering some of those loss.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, yeah, exactly. So oftentimes we'll look at the service mix you're doing, we'll look at lag time. So which insurance companies are paying you slower or faster when you're getting denied? Why are those things getting denied? What are the patterns there? Which insurance companies are paying you at the rate set in your contract versus a lower rate even though they're marking the claim as approved? This happens all the time. And then the end of the presentation is a demonstration of where we think you could change the most impactful pieces of the way you build to optimize your collections.
Eric-Paul Olsson: Okay.
Nathan Peereboom: So, ep, I'm curious. What questions do you have beyond this? Are you guys interested in trying? Are you all interested in trying? An AI scribe? Is that something that you could imagine the team?
Eric-Paul Olsson: The question would be, how would it integrate? Have you worked with. Practices that have used Simple Practice before. And like how do they kind of like implement that? Because it seems like we'd be using that software. Would we just be copying and pasting it? Like.
Nathan Peereboom: Yep, probably 25% of all of our clients use Simple Practice because we only do behavioral health. You know, I mean simple practice is a big player in behavioral health.
Eric-Paul Olsson: Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: So 20, 25% of every single customer who uses jot psych, probably that's me just like kind of sticking a finger in the wind. But that, that's the rough proportion. Super easy. You set up a single text box template in, you know, in Simple Practice, when you go to retrieve your note, you know, you click in and you simply copy all sections and then you control V into your, into your ehr. It's really, really easy. Now the other thing that I would say is we're rolling out E prescriptions next week. So our goal is that, you know, our long term goal is that you just fall in love with jobs like you. You're like, oh my gosh, this system, it writes the best notes, it helps me focus on my patients. It actually like is a completely different like software program than any medical software I've ever used. And I want to start doing, you know, my calendar, my E prescription, all that stuff in there. So, so the goal is to eventually one day become a software that you would consider alongside your current ehr. But for right now, we believe that it's best that clinics feel like they can dip a toe into job site without making any kind of commitment to the software. We want people to experience it. We're very, we're a product led growth company. We're a company that really believes that the best sales tactic we have is simply letting people experience our product. So that's, that's kind of our attitude about it.
Eric-Paul Olsson: Okay. And then in terms of like, so the, the four and the six week sort of thing that you were discussing, this would be just more or less like just trying out the software, seeing how it works. Like I guess I'm curious about that.
Nathan Peereboom: Yep, that's totally right. So you know, the thing about all software is that the value you get from it is some compound of like what's in the software and how much you actually like know how to use it. So our commitment to you during that period is we're going to come and make sure that you get as much as humanly possible out of the software. So you know, I'll just like give you an example. So when you select a patient in JOT Psych. One of the great things that happens is that the previous encounters and previous data get infused into the new note. Now, there's a lot of other benefits too. You can send lab orders from Jot Psych. You can send forms. You can also generate arbitrary, like, documents. So what's a document that you're claiming? Clinic would generate for a patient. Just give me any kind of document.
Eric-Paul Olsson: Gender affirming surgical letter.
Nathan Peereboom: Write a gender affirming surgical letter using this encounter as a base. Okay, so this particular note didn't have to do with anything gender related. But what it's going to do is it's going to write a gender affirming surgery recommendation letter and it's going to include all of the background data from this encounter. Now I can change this, I can modify, I can save it as a template. But what's the goal here? The goal here again is that we don't believe people got into clinical care to write gender affirming surgery letters. They gotten to medical care because they just wanted gender affirm care to happen. And so our belief is like we take that role of, of just eliminating as much as possible of the actual like paperwork that you might be doing and all these little things, you know, whether it's collecting payment, whether it's sending follow up emails, all of it is under that philosophy of like how do we get people like you to feel like they are getting the thing that they asked for when they got into clinical care, which is just the ability to work with patients and serve patients. So those little features, I mean that's why we do the pilot program. The pilot program is there because we just want to make sure people can engage with those, those things that we've built for you.
Eric-Paul Olsson: Yeah, it's kind of so like seeing the things on the bottom, you have like the payment, you have like the other things. Like what? Why? I guess my curiosity is why do you not have like an EMR your yourselves for why is Jet Psych like not an EMR itself? It seems like you have like everything but like maybe the smaller, the smaller bits and bops. Is that like the eventual plan like you? Obviously. I'm just curious because it's just, it seems so inclusive, like, like you have all the big pieces of it. Like where I'm like I will. I. Essentially the only reason I need simple practice comparatively to this is just to like actually put it and store it somewhere. So I'm just so. Yeah, yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: I mean we are like an official ehr. So like we have an entire system for storing, you know, for storing documents in a HIPAA compliant way. Like an ehr. We store them for seven years in a HIPAA compliant, a specialized HIPAA compliant facility. We have a lot of customers who use us as an ehr. Now at a sales level, what we find is that most people aren't, you know, aren't ready for that when they're first looking at job psychological. But you know what our goal is? Oh, my gosh, this page is not loading. Okay, but what our goal is is essentially to, you know, make it so that anyone who wants to can simply flip over at any point and, you know, and start using. Us. Oh, there it loaded. Sorry about that. Okay, so our website's a little finicky. So is JOT Psych an EHR? Yes. So, you know, we manage over 120,000 patient records. We have stored over 110,000 provider signed clinical notes that we're obligated to retain for seven years. You know, and so really the AI scribe and the billing features, those are just the tips of the spear for, you know, the utopia that we're creating as an ehr, which is a full system that again, is just trying to get people back to care.
Eric-Paul Olsson: Okay.
Nathan Peereboom: So. So if you guys wanted to, you know, try us as an ehr, that would. I mean, obviously we'd be really excited about that, but, you know, but we just want to be able to plug in wherever you find helpful.
Eric-Paul Olsson: Okay, so let me definitely talk to the team about that. In terms of like, My God, I lost my train of thought. I'm so sorry. I guess, like, I guess what. What are the costs? So, like, I saw like the demo and, and like those prices, like, what are we looking for in terms of like, pricing? Do you have pricing based on, like, how much I would do, like, versus like, how much the EHR would be? Just. Because that would be helpful in like, making decisions like.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, forward. Okay, so the software is 150 bucks a month per se, if you. Yeah. Proceed.
Eric-Paul Olsson: Is that including driving? Sorry, no.
Nathan Peereboom: It doesn't include prescribing. Why does it not include prescribing? Because we get charged every time we submit A E prescription.
Nathan Peereboom: And so we. The pricing is going to be released next week for that. Okay. We're not trying to make money on you prescribing that. The only thing we're trying to do is offer the feature. And so I would say, like, whatever the cost is from the prescription house, we're probably just going to pass that on to y'. All. Okay. The other thing is that the billing system is sort of separate. It's not separate like in terms of technology, but it's separate pricing wise. If you're having us doing like credentialing and billing, then we charge a percentage of the revenue that you're having us manage. So. And you can choose between 4 and 8%, depending on the services you want. And then there's a whole other scheme if you're interested in credentialing. Do you guys need credentialing? I assume you don't because you're all set up. Yeah. So you guys don't need credentialing. Don't use this for that. We have a credentialing service as well, but. But that's kind of the range. How do we think about pricing? Here's how we think about it. Middle of the road. Like, we literally, when we do pricing, we simply find what is the middle of the road for the services we offer, and then let's offer something, you know, 10 times better at the exact same price as the rest of the market. That's how we price for billing. That's how we price for e prescription, and that's how we price for the scribe.
Eric-Paul Olsson: Okay.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay. So that. Yeah, so. So that's. That's kind of like the overview. I tell you what, how do you feel EP about, like, having. Can we, like, touch base in, like, maybe a few days after you've talked with your team? I'd be really curious about what they have to say.
Nathan Peereboom: We'd be happy to send materials along. You know, Chris made the joke about Newton being cold. We're happy to come up there if that's helpful.
Eric-Paul Olsson: Yeah, Newton's really cold. I wouldn't, I wouldn't expect that. I do meet with my team every Tuesday, so it would have to be like, sometime, like, later next week.
Nathan Peereboom: Awesome.
Eric-Paul Olsson: I'll send them a message. But if you could send me, like, things that would be helpful because I'll have them review it and we'll discuss it on Tuesday just to see, like, if that would be helpful. My ultimate goal is I never want to waste anyone's time. So by all means, I'm not going to try to string you along and things like that. But I would be curious in seeing, like, what the EHR looks like and if you have more data on, like, the E prescribing stuff. Like, I mean, I'm not upset or angry with Simple Practice. I do like what it offers, but I'm always looking for something better. And if this is something that offers XYZ more, then by all means, I'm interested in looking in it. I guess the only other thing about that, if we were to continue the conversation, would be how do we manage transferring from, like, Simple Practice to. To JAT Psych and stuff like that? And that doesn't have to be a right now answer.
Nathan Peereboom: This is the, you know, for better or worse, like, we're a techie group of people here. We do the transfer, like, all the time. So we. If you're signing up for either E prescription or billing, we do it for free. If you're not signing up for either of those, we have like a small nominal charge similar to the billing analysis. But it's something that usually takes around, like, one day. It shouldn't take any longer than that. As, you know, Simple Practice is, you know, regulatorily mandated to make it somewhat easy to get data out and in. And so we've done it. I mean, we've done the Simple Practice transition, I think, for like, 10 different customers at this point in full. So that's totally something that we could make happen.
Eric-Paul Olsson: Yes. All right. Thank you, Chris. Yeah. The only reason why I ask is I've. I've done several transfers before because I've just. I've been doing this since 2020 and I've just danced around with different ehrs. Like I will say, like Tebra is. I loved Tebra but it was impossible to get it moving. I ended up using Advanced MD and never again. If I'm being quite honest. They were the worst.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah.
Eric-Paul Olsson: And then I do really like simple practice as well as. Oh my God, what was the one that I really liked? I can't think of it. It'll come to my head. But I liked Osmine as well. But I do want to consider it and just. See where it is. If you can send me some more information just so I can present that to the team, that would be great. And then based off of like what their thoughts are, we can, we can kind of go from there.
Nathan Peereboom: Awesome. Do you want us to. Is there any benefit to us participating in that meeting, like giving like a 10 minute presentation? We'd be happy to do that if that's.
Eric-Paul Olsson: I can ask them. I probably. Maybe, maybe not. I don't know. I would have to kind of like really gauge on like how they feel about it. Just, I have two members who are older than the age of 40, 45, I should say. So sometimes just like hearing change is, is something in itself. So I would just kind of really want. I know one of them is very interested in like doing the scribe, but the other one, I'm not sure. So I just want to kind of gauge and see where they're at and just kind of go from there.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, okay, perfect. So I'm just looking at my next week. Could we just touch base for like 15 minutes maybe on Wednesday just to like, kind of hear what happened on Tuesday. And if the answer is like, hey, look, we're not interested, totally fine.
Eric-Paul Olsson: Sure. I could do the same time, the two, the two o' clock if you wanted to do that. So that'd be February 11th.
Nathan Peereboom: Perfect. Okay, great. I'm gonna send this over. It's just like 15 minutes for us all to touch base. Do you want me to shoot you? Should I just call your cell or do you want to do a Google Meet?
Eric-Paul Olsson: You can call my cell. So my cell phone is 413-244-0804.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, awesome. Great. Hey Ep, thanks a million. It's so nice to meet you. And I have to run to another meeting.
Eric-Paul Olsson: Chris.
Nathan Peereboom: Chris was nice. He jumped in, saved me for the stunts one.
Nathan Peereboom: No, but I appreciate it. Hey, great to meet you again and thank you so much for just like being open to, to what we're building. We, we are super excited about it. And like anyone else who's, who's curious is like, obviously like someone that you know means a lot to us.
Eric-Paul Olsson: I'm definitely very curious about it, but we'll, we'll talk soon. All right?
Nathan Peereboom: All right, perfect. Take care.
Eric-Paul Olsson: All right, bye. Bye.
Nathan Peereboom: Bye.