Gioia Garden: Oh right because this is his meeting. Cool.
Lee Harrold: What kind of sessions?
Gioia Garden: So I'm a therapist. Yeah, so I'm like running therapy sessions in between jot psych tasks.
Lee Harrold: So yeah do you get do you get free free job site?
Gioia Garden: I haven't asked. Mostly because I want to man I
Lee Harrold: well you know you know how bad it is so like no
Gioia Garden: really good it would help me with my notes so badly it would help so much if I mostly I need to ask my lawyer if like what sort of disclosure I need to give to clients that I'm also working for Jotzyc and want to have it like trans like listen to our sessions and I just haven't gotten around to do doing that yet
Lee Harrold: think about that as like a potential conflict of interest but yeah that's good good thinking
Gioia Garden: yeah maybe it's a maybe it's a non issue I hope it's a non issue but I have to get consent first before I record and I just need to figure out what sort of like information I need to give them first so that's that so that's worth Dan but I'd want to use jot psych more with my practice that's for sure.
Lee Harrold: Is it is it just you or are you a solo practitioner?
Gioia Garden: Yeah I'm solo heck yeah yeah out in Denver I don't know if you know I'm like in Colorado
Lee Harrold: too no that sounds great okay so what's that I'm on I'm on the east time zone is that is that two hours you're you're one hour ahead of PSD.
Gioia Garden: Yeah yeah so it's like 1202 my time oh sweet yeah yeah.
Lee Harrold: I won't send messages super early in the day
Gioia Garden: I usually am checking messages at least like when I'm having like my morning coffee so it's fine yeah.
Lee Harrold: Denver like the coolest place to live do you got to be outside all the time
Gioia Garden: I am outside a lot it's pretty cool I've tried to move actually like I've been in I've been Colorado since I was 18 and I was from New Jersey originally so I'm like East Coast originally. I've tried to move but it's like a it's just a really great place with really great people and so it's kind of just keep staying year after year.
Lee Harrold: Really like you're you're you're doing your darnest but it's it's just you can't you can't fight the infrastructures too strong yeah it's too Charming.
Gioia Garden: Okay let's see do we I was messaging with Monica earlier I'm surprised. She's not on here we go.
Monica Dyer: Hello hey hello.
Monica Dyer: And we got Alexandra yes Alexandra is my new assistant yay hey everyone nice to meet you.
Alexandra Mae Granada: Hi everyone nice to meet you likewise.
Monica Dyer: Thank you yeah having us both.
Lee Harrold: How can we help?
Monica Dyer: So okay. Maybe. Move your faces okay if I share screen maybe I can show. Like what I've been kind of running into and see if you guys have ideas for better. Ways to go about it.
Gioia Garden: Yeah.
Monica Dyer: Okay. Can see it? Okay so this one hasn't really popped up yet I think this is 907. 92 was automatic. But usually when I'm on like let me look at who I was working on yesterday I pretty much finished his. Yeah. When I go to audit. I have I have too many templates and I'm confused like which ones I've worked on which ones.
Gioia Garden: Are.
Monica Dyer: Yeah that have already kind of like been training because it feels like every time I'm retraining the same stuff. And because yeah I'll pick one that seems like the right thing to do I added some yesterday so some of these I've never used but I was exploring the templates and so I got an email from someone that said because I was confused about this pop up that says would you like to switch to a payer compliant or payer compliant template like why am I not using a pair
Lee Harrold: compliant are you telling me there's something was that aren't payer compliant
Monica Dyer: like right yeah I mean I guess if they're out of pocket and you're just you know like having like therapy for your own memory notes therapy notes for your own memory then you wouldn't really need it. But I want to set that as like the default because most my folks are through insurance. And like when I go to. Which one was that yesterday? Here we had. On psychotherapy.
Gioia Garden: That.
Monica Dyer: The codes are not anyway start with what I said about all these templates I guess and which ones are how can I tell which ones I've already worked on so I can keep using the same ones because all the names are kind of the same.
Lee Harrold: And then yeah so I guess I'd say we can pare down our total template count by clicking the documentation tab at the top about three over from that right there. Going to note templates. We can delete some tumbles we don't like and the ones that we do like we can like name differently. So all the ones with a little jot cycle icon those are like the JotSec created ones and it looks like you're not using those. I see or you might be I see I see the four maybe that you created in the past couple of days but yeah you're right they are kind of generically named like psychiatric progress note.
Monica Dyer: I don't know when I'm on this one plus or this one and it's my fault too because I keep like oh I thought I named this already and I'm putting the name at the top. I did that several times I think you have access to see which ones I worked on the most
Lee Harrold: yeah actually yeah I can pull that up but no I told I totally feel you on like this not being super intuitive interface. So once I get that up and tell you which ones we're using it might make sense for you to pin. Like the ones that we decide you do use and then prefix them. Like better name next.
Monica Dyer: And I want to make sure I'm picking the payer compliant template that I have worked on. I did just add I haven't looked at addiction yet I have a lot of substance use disorder patients and then I do have some new pediatric patients. So I'm like oh well. Let me check that one that is that is really helpful. Are those payer compliant like if I use I have two pediatrics later today is going to try them out.
Lee Harrold: So with the what the payer compliant thing is like all of the note tablets at a base layer are like generally aware of pair requirements that that pop up, which we should sound like we should probably rename pretends to specific payers that you have connected via jot audit. So it's looking at like the payer specific criteria.
Monica Dyer: I have most of their insurance in there. And then one time I think Chris told me like oh well it's going to be the same for all of them like we have kind of universal roles for each insurance company because I was like I've been trying to put their companies in. He's like oh it doesn't really matter right now. But I am going to be doing the billing insurance through jobs like when I'm credentialed any day now. So maybe it'd be more relevant.
Gioia Garden: Then.
Lee Harrold: Yeah I think it sounds like what he mentioned was like yeah even even the ones that aren't necessarily pair compliant are aware generally of the. Total payer compliance.
Monica Dyer: I'm seeing payer compliant isn't specific to each payer like payer compliant is right. Okay. So. But yeah I mean I basically want to default to that.
Lee Harrold: Sounds good. Templates. Now. It looks like. Yeah the one so the one that you. Added 31 times and modified today is called em plus add on psychotherapy. So that that seems to be a primary.
Monica Dyer: Okay yes and that's the one I was I pinned that one. Yesterday and I came to that pinning conclusion this weekend
Lee Harrold: too like nice yeah it's a powerful powerful button. Intake that's another one which you also have pinned.
Monica Dyer: Which that one okay hold on don't do that. Who did I just do that with. I believe. It was progress. Now what was an intake. I don't know if that's the same thing or not oh it's oh yes
Lee Harrold: so this is a little unintuitive there are encounter types and then there are templates the the advantage of those not being the same thing is that you could use the same template for a couple of different encounter types but for one counter type send out forms ahead of time. Or after the fact that are different from the forums take versus follow up or exactly but they both but you might want to use the same like empress note template for both of those encounter types.
Monica Dyer: Yes okay got you.
Lee Harrold: That's right yeah you don't see psychiatric intake in that in that drop down there. You were asking a question sorry
Monica Dyer: no no it's okay my mind's going all different directions but the. So like pediatric intake versus adult intake where they send different forms if it's intakes and intake or can you adjust that?
Lee Harrold: Yeah you could you could adjust that you you could create one encounter type for pediatric work and then one for, I guess internal medicine work. And then have different forms for each but if you just have the same form for both. The system is is like is like pretty flexible do you have different forms?
Lee Harrold: Do I web forms do you have like a different pediatric intake form than an adrenal medicine form?
Monica Dyer: I no not yet we have a made forms sweet
Lee Harrold: we're working in theory yes theoretically we can do this.
Monica Dyer: Yeah and there'd be different screeners for. Pediatrics for mental health. Okay I did learn how to take off the sections like to edit the template.
Monica Dyer: Oh nice so oh that was one question I know we talked about having to do is elsewhere one time because I really like the to do and the follow up email but I don't necessarily want it in the note that I'm sending to the insurance company and right now I'm downloading a PDF and uploading it to headway as my way of so it goes with it but then. I don't want to lose those things.
Lee Harrold: So there's a there's a worms feature under documentation next to billing and auditing. It's either oh actually sorry it's never bottom it's sent documents so if if you want to track a to do or a follow up. That you've. Sensed to a client after a session it'll show up in in the sent forms section. And then here you can define some forms that you would want to send. And then you can assign those to counter type so that they happen automatically or you can yeah, you found it right here you can send them manually.
Monica Dyer: Okay, so this would be like for that. This is for the screeners and the intake forms and emails too or is that email was from the follow up button on the patient
Lee Harrold: chart yeah pretty much anything anything you're going to send to a patient you can think of as as a form. Or as a document.
Monica Dyer: And then what about to do's would those be elsewhere or here?
Lee Harrold: Is it is a to do going to be something that looks like like on this intake list.
Monica Dyer: Yes the to do is here.
Lee Harrold: Yeah yeah I would I'd I'd populate that as a as a form as well. And then a user could read that. Like if you. Let's see down.
Monica Dyer: Something we talked about once I was saying would be amazingly helpful would be to have some kind of dashboard of to do's for all your patients?
Lee Harrold: Oh yeah.
Monica Dyer: And to just be like okay like you know what have I that way you know if you're missing any little details
Lee Harrold: and then the to do's are for you not for the patient. Oh, I'm sorry yeah okay that probably wouldn't make sense to say those inform to the patient you kind of don't want that no we don't we don't have a we don't have a system to to track those and surface those
Monica Dyer: like if I remove this from the template because I want to send this to the insurance company I know I can maybe generate a separate. Note or something like that and have it without that but or have add the to do's there but there's no other way to access your to do's besides. A template that has it on there.
Lee Harrold: Right that's right and I'm trying to think if there's like a workaround. Yeah sorry there's there's no system for that.
Monica Dyer: Okay. So how could I.
Lee Harrold: Yeah, so I guess the the core problem is that you're generating a note and then you you don't want to like you want to track the things that you have to do for the patient for the next session but you don't want to track that inside of the note which you're then sending to an insurance company.
Lee Harrold: Right so I think there's a there's like click on the on the patients I could be wrong here I'm going to go on a limb but I think I think if you enter a patient. There's a generic notes tab that isn't used. For. Anything. Okay all right I misremembering. That would that would be a really useful thing to have. So what's interesting is we're like reworking this patient page as you can tell it sorely needs a visual rework and so this is a really convenient time to get that feedback.
Monica Dyer: Perfect. Yeah. And then if there's some way to like. Not have your to do's in each patient thing but like have like a to do tab and then you can see like your patient and then you still have to do is for these people and you can check them off and then you know like when you finish your stuff oh my gosh. It would be because like right now this is my life with my to-do list and it's a lot.
Lee Harrold: I also use a legal pad for to do
Monica Dyer: great but also like we have all this amazing AI information collected like if we could just say like me flipping through my 15 pages and one of them getting coffee spelt on it.
Gioia Garden: And right now AI is listening to the session and it's automatically catching your to dos or you capture.
Monica Dyer: In a different way capturing them which is super handy sometimes look at it I'm like I do need to do that thank you I did say that so it's yeah really really useful.
Gioia Garden: Okay great so it's all in the same recording it just needs to be sort of split apart from the patient note.
Monica Dyer: Yeah yeah I think so and one thing I had thought about. Would be nice is if like. Say I wanted to download this note but not include certain sections. Like I could when I get to download it.
Lee Harrold: So on the left you're good.
Monica Dyer: I was trying to go to a note that's actually finished. I did finish. Wait maybe. Nodes signed. Recent verbs. Okay. So like if I didn't want to do. Billing justification or something or supervision this was before I knew how to take that out of there but I just put in a let's say I already have it in the sign note instead of amending it is it possible to when I click download sign it just goes to my downloads.
Lee Harrold: So I'm going to suggest something that I think will work I'm not sure if it'll work let's find out the little little dots to the left in that list are quick risk assignment. Like just and then when you click download it's still included okay it looks like this will only work if you're copying and pasting let me make a note and see if. I think it should be pretty easy to make that change so that it downloads. Only the things you've selected okay. These are good it's just you're you can kind of ask for things and then it will just come out in the next release
Monica Dyer: Amazing and one other thing with the download is that it automatically goes to my downloads which is chaos or if I could choose where it's going and I'm downloading to that patient's file.
Lee Harrold: That would be nice let me add that I yeah that's a feature I kind of like require as a user too so I don't. I don't want to have any color all the time
Monica Dyer: yeah there's 3,000 files in my downloads apparently. Computer and so I want my patient data definitely put elsewhere not with mixed personal data.
Gioia Garden: Right makes sense.
Monica Dyer: Okay like going back to the page. Forms.
Lee Harrold: Have you. Created a new form at some point?
Monica Dyer: You and I worked on this one well that's right that's right. But then I have not come back to it. Because. I'm really keeping up with my bare minimum so other things yeah no worries but I do need to that's on my to do list that would be on my to do I need to send all you had to do list I've seen her three times since I said I would send this form to so she could get her other providers info to me. And yeah I mean coordinating with an assistant to have like a universal to do list and then if it gets checked off then I know she's done it or she knows I've done it.
Gioia Garden: Would be huge yeah that makes a lot of sense. Okay.
Lee Harrold: I kind of want to circle to the. To the template stuff okay are you like do you have what you need there or is there something else we could help you with?
Monica Dyer: Yeah. I was making sure you got what you needed to
Lee Harrold: get that oh yeah everything you described so far okay cool so.
Monica Dyer: Let's see so just to get back there or is that okay no templates so. These were the two that I'm using most.
Lee Harrold: Yeah it looks like there are also 32 edits to another one called em medication management. Okay the last edit was Friday yeah Friday okay yeah I think.
Monica Dyer: It's only medication management it says. So I can't if I hover over it I can't see the rest of what it says.
Monica Dyer: That's just dumb what also happens on the talking to the AI unless I can't read the full message what it's saying to me.
Lee Harrold: When you're talking to the AI in the in the inline note oh
Monica Dyer: interesting so wait let me mark that one for a second and show you what I mean. I think I wrote this in an email because I've been. Like having conversations with the AI recently like that's not what I'm saying you don't understand me let's see. Okay like for example. I mean I think maybe is Tristan's note. But.
Lee Harrold: Maybe edit tab next to yeah
Monica Dyer: like when it gives me the options it's just the click on I can't read the entire thing unless I'm in the app. I can by hovering. Like this app when I open jots like separately as an app.
Lee Harrold: Okay yeah because it changes the screen resolution and okay thank you I was like on the phone I didn't
Monica Dyer: know there was an update I saw on Chrome like open an app and I was like I think so and I believe that's what got me hung up over the weekend is that like the microphone got stuck on one of them. And I couldn't record a new note and I was like what do I do and I opened Safari and then I could use it on Safari which is I'm not supposed to be able to but that worked. So I don't know if the app was interfering with that because I just started using it.
Lee Harrold: So yeah let me wait so to recap you you had it running in Chrome and then you. Had it running in the app in addition to the one running in Chrome. And then in the app it said you couldn't you couldn't record
Monica Dyer: not in the app or not on Chrome either okay and when you click the stuck recording it thought.
Lee Harrold: Gotcha. And when you click the like yes clear all other instances it appeared to work but then like it didn't actually stop the other
Monica Dyer: recording it didn't even appear to work it was just like or something did I I tried it or not?
Lee Harrold: Okay that's yeah that that makes sense because I was I was speaking with a front end engineer this morning about that and he was like. Yeah between browsers like it would be impossible but from the app to the to the to the Chrome and I
Monica Dyer: close the app when I was trying on on Chrome and I had closed the app and it still was stuck somehow.
Lee Harrold: Awesome that's such a good find okay thank you
Monica Dyer: never know what's gonna hit like okay that was important good it's kind of like yeah I need all the information for my patients they don't know what I know is important
Lee Harrold: it's crazy it's such an interesting like universal kind of skill right do you need this?
Monica Dyer: Okay. Yeah so eventually like I would I was stuck in a loop I was hitting you know cancel or close and it wouldn't do that and so I was like oh let me try another browser which. I did. Close that already.
Lee Harrold: So yeah I guess I guess you now know how to. How to get around our anti Netflixing too navigate through glitches.
Monica Dyer: But yeah not being able to read the thank you for following me through my ADHD narration being able to read the. Messages when I'm trying to work on a note is very limiting. I think if we go back to his. Oh it doesn't have the history. Maybe it was the previous one. Can you see my history of.
Lee Harrold: Conversations yes when you say messages do you mean like to notice under edit. By the note? Oh oh oh so you're you're like you're running a session and then you're talking to the AI editor while you're running the session is that right?
Monica Dyer: Yeah and if I say. Please you know proofread. It's been getting some weird spelling and garbling a bit too so I'm asking it to prove read please proofread and then maybe it'll ask me which section. Yeah okay well this isn't a good example because those are short but when they're long
Lee Harrold: can you share your screen again.
Monica Dyer: Oh it's not shared it disappeared.
Gioia Garden: Okay.
Monica Dyer: Not a good example because they're short but when they're long I can't read them the other part of it. What would be another.
Lee Harrold: Can you tell me more about what. I guess I guess I'm trying to understand your urine session with the patient and then you have previous note setup or like after and let's see.
Monica Dyer: That one's not a good example because it's a short
Lee Harrold: oh oh I see this is this is the issue where you where it gives you some options and then you it's too long to read and you hover over the option and then it doesn't show.
Monica Dyer: Right exactly.
Lee Harrold: Okay gotcha yep yeah I have I have that one
Monica Dyer: I have that one okay making sure you knew where
Lee Harrold: I was talking about that thank you I appreciate that I appreciate that.
Monica Dyer: Okay. Active templates jumping around sorry. So I pinned those so pediatric is going to be. Payer compliant if I use that one.
Lee Harrold: Yep.
Monica Dyer: Okay. And. Then okay so if we are going to start sending. Forms. To each patient. It connects to.
Gioia Garden: Like.
Monica Dyer: The template like if a patient fills out an assessment.
Lee Harrold: Does that go into the chart that's going to if a patient fills out an assessment it will be associated with the patient but the thing that we need to configure that connects the patient's schedule or sorry appointment to their template is this thing called an encounter type. So we can set that up by clicking on schedule and we can take a look at one of your upcoming patients appointments.
Monica Dyer: Okay.
Lee Harrold: So does anyone here you'd want to send a form to before or after you can click on that.
Monica Dyer: We can pretend Brooke.
Lee Harrold: Sounds good. So you can click edit.
Monica Dyer: Is getting sleepy.
Lee Harrold: Use use a battery all right so there's that appointment type kind of drop down okay if you click on the drop down you see all of these all these existing like appointment types. That we could click into or edit and looks like this is an intake appointment for Brooke it's not it's not okay so let's maybe add a new appointment type or if there's one from this list that looks like it'll fit we can pick that
Monica Dyer: I think we need to delete appointment types
Lee Harrold: there's a whole bunch in here I don't know where they came
Monica Dyer: here okay so it is a. It's probably going to be one of these so which these are not the same as the pinned ones the templates.
Lee Harrold: Right so we can assign. Yeah so we're there they they feel very similar because they're both the same kind of thing. But it's it's a different kind of kind of idea like you you you will attach a template to an appointment type. But you can also detach a bunch of other stuff to an appointment type that wouldn't make sense on the template.
Monica Dyer: Okay so when I'm renaming. The appointment I'm changing the appointment time like there's a title at the top of each note is that where i'm getting these
Lee Harrold: so the title of the top of the note is not connected to appointments that's just going to be the title of the note.
Monica Dyer: But yeah progress note and it's an appointment type and this is like the template that was made for me and that's under appointment type.
Lee Harrold: Oh you know what maybe.
Lee Harrold: These look like my templates I bet what's happening is the system is automatically creating appointment types for you as new templates are created.
Monica Dyer: Which is pretty darn confusing the same from my perspective
Lee Harrold: again yeah we didn't really do any work to explain how these are different so let's let's go down and click on one of one of the new ones that were created from a template and see if we can customize that to send a form.
Monica Dyer: Okay but before we get to forums okay yeah how do I know what I'm like I mean to me I have follow up of intakes and follow ups. And some may be adult and pediatric. Through appointment types like that's what I think of appointment types but is there something else that I need to be understanding to know how my appointment type. Connects to.
Lee Harrold: Other that's. It that's it really.
Monica Dyer: I'm not understanding.
Gioia Garden: Can you can you Monica can you click on one of these one of these drop downs and then click that little pencil button that's kind of next to it in the title. Like intake is good or and then as you can see here you can kind of customize and edit these. And this is where you can kind of say sort of yeah which forms you want automatically sent with this appointment type let's say it's a pediatric intake for example and you can still select which note template that you want for it. Even though template you would use you know for an adult take does that make does that make sense?
Monica Dyer: That helps. I just want to not have so many. And figure out how to like simplify this and make it clear for me because I feel like I'm just swimming in jots like these days like there's just templates all this other stuff and I don't know if I'm I know I'm being inefficient and I don't know how to fix it.
Gioia Garden: So that's why I'm here one thing I want to flag right away then is like I saw that that that drop down did have a bunch of sort of like a big list you can if you see something you already know you don't want you can click that delete button after clicking that pencil little icon like you did.
Monica Dyer: So I guess I don't want to delete something that is useful like I don't know what's what here but I guess I haven't really like if they're tied to those templates that I pinned earlier like okay I do want to keep those how do I not delete that? Everything else seems fine to delete at this point and I'll just start over with templates but I yeah
Lee Harrold: if I delete an appointment type it won't delete the attached template you could delete like these and nothing else will be deleted.
Monica Dyer: Okay. So. How do we delete them?
Lee Harrold: Click into one that you want to not exist anymore?
Monica Dyer: So I mean. And okay this is going to mess up any notes that I haven't signed yet right correct okay.
Lee Harrold: And then you can click that pencil. And then yep.
Monica Dyer: Okay and then is this the only way to send forms or can you individually send forms to patients like but then we're going to need like follow ups intermittently
Lee Harrold: yeah you can do that from the forms menu.
Monica Dyer: Okay. And can you set it like every four sessions or every.
Lee Harrold: I actually actually don't know other session I never tried that before.
Monica Dyer: So. Delete appointment types is going on my to do.
Lee Harrold: And on my end I'll figure out why we're creating appointment types every time we create new templates that feels wrong
Monica Dyer: and it just looks like the templates yeah yeah because it it is effectively yeah. All right. So one done cool. And okay. So the order of operations when you're going to edit a note. Is first I think I've gotten better at this this weekend but I was. I was accidentally like editing things on the note first and then clicking audit and being like oh wait and then then the payer template pop up comes up and then I'm like oh and it regenerates the note I'm like well did I just lose everything but I think it still does incorporate it. So I felt like I was ending up editing like two separate notes which felt redundant. But okay like. Just to make sure. I'm going about it the right way. This was just today's. So this one we left the recording on and Alexander and I started talking and so there's this other extraneous information so we need. Like I wish there was a way to clip the transcript and be cuz like
Lee Harrold: yeah the best the closest you could do is copy all of the transcript and then like paste it into Google Docs or something and then delete anything after you point you don't want and then paste that into the additional notes of a new note and then generate a new note.
Monica Dyer: The additional notes okay and then it would it'll leave out the unnecessary stuff
Lee Harrold: yeah it would it would only have the stuff that you pasted in you would just have to you know manually delete all the stuff that you don't want on the node okay good good
Monica Dyer: glad to know because we were talking about other medications and other stuff and I was like no okay so. I don't know what this I don't care it is. But.
Lee Harrold: Looks like it guessed yeah which is correctly.
Monica Dyer: What's not telling me. But. Oh okay smoking cessation probably. So I opened audits and then this time because it's this 90792 that one is the payer compliant. Intake already I believe.
Monica Dyer: No usually when I start like running audit. Which takes a long time sometimes then it pops up there and I've already like been reviewing this part. But so okay. Open the note make sure it's the right. Template. These are appointment types yep okay cool and then go to audit and then kind of fix those issues and then just read over it. And make sure things are accurate.
Lee Harrold: Yep.
Monica Dyer: Okay if it pops up with would you like to use a more payer compliant. Note. Is that the same thing as completing the audit. Or I mean it does it changes yet. The sections of the note a different template basically right.
Lee Harrold: Yeah that would that would select a different template and so I think a lot of the edits that you would have made wouldn't wouldn't persist.
Monica Dyer: Okay if I made edits in the text it wouldn't persist yeah because it would.
Lee Harrold: Pick a new. Template and try I try to generate an entirely new note from that. So if that if that shows up you you would want to do that. Before you make edits to the note.
Monica Dyer: Okay try and delete that. So if you've already made edits to the note it's pretty good you're almost there and this thing's popping up over and over every time you come back to the audit page there's no way to turn it off. It just keeps asking you I see and so it's like like I'm getting stuck then it's like 50 extra clicks. Back and forth.
Lee Harrold: Yeah let me make a note to add like an ignore button.
Gioia Garden: Yeah or.
Monica Dyer: Like don't ask again for this note or something like that I don't know what you could do. Calendar. Would be my next question I'm setting up the website through jot billing and I'm super excited the calendar is going to be integrated on there. So we can put. Like is there a way to put a like a zoom link into to associate it with the calendar.
Lee Harrold: I I don't know. Like on your. Yeah is there a section memo would make sense yeah.
Monica Dyer: There's no way to send that to the patient through the calendar feature.
Lee Harrold: Right you would have to create a form that has that. So if if if you were going to set up a or or a reminder actually it would probably make more sense to do that as a reminder since it would just be. Like but yeah you would have to like ahead of time populate the zoom URL and then add a reminder. And then paste the zoom URL into that reminder. And I think I think we'll be rolling out like an on platform. Zoom type solution pretty soon.
Lee Harrold: So that would just included in outbound communications.
Monica Dyer: Are we going to coordinate all these zoom links and make sure we're not getting wires across and one patient's logging on to another one's or something.
Gioia Garden: Yeah, yeah.
Lee Harrold: So yeah that's yeah that's definitely one of the reasons we were like this is important we should.
Monica Dyer: Definitely okay well I'm really I'm glad to hear that. And then. Do spots going pretty well I do I still have some edits I need. That maybe Alex will be able to email you what an incredible system there isn't I'll show you that later and oh is there any possibility of labs being integrated anytime soon?
Lee Harrold: Like like the ability to send labs?
Monica Dyer: Yeah like. I haven't messed with this on here I don't know why the number six is typing everywhere I click today my keyboard
Lee Harrold: really strange I know I noticed that it's like it's haunted.
Monica Dyer: Okay say I'm going to send a lab here. This just creates a PDF but I have no idea how that would
Lee Harrold: oh yeah so also perhaps unintuitive labeling if you click generate PDF you then have the ability to send the PDF over email and text.
Monica Dyer: But just to the patient.
Monica Dyer: Yeah okay well like currently when I send labs it's on Quest or LabCorp.
Lee Harrold: And this was I think the lab core integration that you mentioned last time.
Monica Dyer: I was just wondering if that's that's going to be a possibility if that's on yalls horizon or not if we need to really. Get our quest system sent down because yeah it's a whole other like website and then we put it on the patient's information then again. Yeah that would be yeah. Total send them. Make sure this isn't actually oh fax number oh it's for me receiving. But yeah this isn't this is going to the patient not to. Allow.
Lee Harrold: You I guess you could also produce this PDF and then submit it. To LabCorp or to Quest. If they accept what what did they accept PDFs? Where they require you to like put information in
Monica Dyer: I've always done it electronically I'm not sure okay. Well then it just seems like a patient could generate their own PDF. So I think to be done through integration or through their site.
Lee Harrold: Into that and also check with the rest of the team because I admittedly don't know a whole lot about labs so there might be something that exist that I don't know about so I'll make sure to get back to you on that.
Monica Dyer: Okay I've seen some pretty. Like small scale EHRs that have integration with Quest and LabCor and stuff.
Lee Harrold: So yeah most must be a small relatively small lift.
Monica Dyer: Okay so that was I was curious about. Worms documents. What is other docs compared to forms?
Lee Harrold: I think the only difference between forms and other docs is that forms. Are things that a patient would add information to. Whereas in other box would be just something you want them to have.
Monica Dyer: Okay. And but still like if they just need to sign a policy or something form is best they can sign it okay. Awesome. Okay. I think. Oh yeah and then. Adding Alex yeah.
Lee Harrold: So yeah it's going to take a couple of days for Julio to get back to me on authorization for the phone number so we're just going to do it manually and it's going to be awesome.
Lee Harrold: Alex if you want to like share your screen. I can intercept the message that we would send to you and then send that to you in a session and then you can toss that in.
Monica Dyer: Really cool.
Gioia Garden: And while that's happening Monica I have a quick question for you I noticed that you were having issues with new downloaded a note you're getting black boxes where
Monica Dyer: a hyphen should be oh yes thank you
Gioia Garden: is that can is that continuing or is that resolved?
Monica Dyer: Let me download one and see. Do you need me to stop sharing? Okay. Redownloading one from last week would that. Yeah. Wait. There's only a seems like a lot less it seems like the hyphen sign. Here but yeah 8-2 is what that can you still see mine or you see
Gioia Garden: here on hers I can't see the new the
Monica Dyer: downloaded oh you don't see my PDF thing okay.
Gioia Garden: And sorry Lee this totally over feared with that in fact Alex if you want to or. Yeah if we want to switch who's screen I can
Alexandra Mae Granada: just should I share my screen yeah that'd be great
Gioia Garden: yeah Monica I can just make note that that's that's a something for us to look into.
Monica Dyer: Okay yeah there's I still see it.
Gioia Garden: Great thank you thanks for confirming is it visible now.
Alexandra Mae Granada: Yep it's good. Case.
Lee Harrold: Sounds good hit next cool all right now I'm going to just kind of see if I can find it. Here it is okay your code is 9729. And we're in you can you know if you refer to them as patients or clients you know you can terminology. And then you're good to go. So you created a new account and let's see you are in. Is make sure you're in the rose water wellness organization.
Monica Dyer: Been having lots of adventures trying to get Alex on different
Lee Harrold: accounts oh really not just not just with us?
Monica Dyer: I just yeah.
Lee Harrold: All right yep yep this is correct you are in the right organization thank you patients from there?
Alexandra Mae Granada: Oh. Patience.
Monica Dyer: Yeah I can see perfect just wanted to double check that you had. Can see all of it and then. You should be able to edit.
Alexandra Mae Granada: Should I click on someone that was fake but yes.
Lee Harrold: On the click patient encounters to the.
Alexandra Mae Granada: Oh yeah.
Monica Dyer: Above that one yeah.
Lee Harrold: Oh that's right because it would take you to the recording screen okay sorry click on documentation at the top next notes. So there's a tab that says all clinic notes right next to my notes. At the top of the screen yep.
Lee Harrold: Okay into one of those. Walk through here.
Monica Dyer: And what happens if you click on audit would be.
Lee Harrold: That's a good question let's find out.
Monica Dyer: Okay we have access to all that we're editing the note. Amazing. And then. Okay yeah I think that would be. Can you like if you were going to go put the prescriptions in. To the patient itself.
Monica Dyer: Or could I find it yeah click on the name. Yes okay that one we already have e prescribed for
Lee Harrold: oh okay cool that's I haven't seen this before so that's a thing that I think we can fix too it must be like connected to the account rather than the organization.
Monica Dyer: Working clinicians only do the. Prescribe.
Lee Harrold: What's interesting is if you scroll down here to the bottom of this page you can. Oh actually I think the answer to that question is yes we would need to configure Alex as a clinician within. Dose spot actually wait I don't know maybe she could use.
Monica Dyer: I'm just having to put them in and then I was going to go through and review them and sign them to send.
Lee Harrold: Yeah that makes it that workflow makes sense to me so I'll reach out to dose spot and learn if there are.
Lee Harrold: Support roles within.
Monica Dyer: Okay.
Lee Harrold: But for now if you scroll down on this patient and ignore the. Big pink thing okay that makes sense yeah so that looks like that won't appear until this user is registered as a clinician side of those spot system. So, yeah, it looks like that looks like we will be unable to. Create. Description that then you can approve later until I get clarity from no spot.
Gioia Garden: All right.
Monica Dyer: Thank you guys.
Gioia Garden: Making progress yeah yeah anything else that you still have questions about or.
Monica Dyer: The we didn't talk about lab core before I just looked at my list we talked about full script integrations oh that's what it was that's what yes. So we got consent. No I think that's all for now that helps a lot I'm just going to go through and delete. My encounters appointment types appointment types and then that should clarify some things and then we can kind of get our templates better organized.
Lee Harrold: Yeah that will be so much less confusing for you visually and I'm sorry that we are creating new appointment types every time we generate a new
Monica Dyer: template I was like how am I even going to begin to explain my process here to someone else because I'm just like clicking on it finally like comes out I'm like okay good now sign but I'm like this is taking me like over an hour per note I think I'm doing something wrong
Lee Harrold: yeah we definitely want to cut that down to like ideally minutes right it's the whole value drop so thank you so much for scheduling this because yeah that's we need this to work for you it's important
Monica Dyer: awesome well we'll keep the feedback coming if we find other things we appreciate
Lee Harrold: that feedback so much so thank you thank you thank you I'll reach out once we wrap up these things and
Monica Dyer: so much of it is so useful I want to just throw a little positive and I do really like a lot of other features and everything but yeah that's why I'm still like just make these little bits and it would be amazing so thank you guys so much.
Lee Harrold: Thank you Monica and great to meet you Alex yeah.
Alexandra Mae Granada: Thank you guys for the help bye bye everyone.