Okwudiogor kelvin: I'm doing okay.
Christopher Hume: Good. Well, great to meet you. Jack was telling me about your meeting a few weeks ago. Yeah. So we're going to learn this at a time for me to introduce myself. I'd love to just learn a little bit about you, and then we can go through kind of an overview of JOT Bill and our job, Bill Analysis to see if it's something you'd be interested in.
Okwudiogor kelvin: Okay, sounds good. Nice to meet you.
Christopher Hume: Yeah. So, Kelvin, could you just catch me up a little bit with kind of your situation and sort of how you currently practice so I can make sure to tailor this conversation? What would be most useful for you?
Okwudiogor kelvin: Okay, sure. So I'm a psychiatric mental health nurse practitioner.
Christopher Hume: I have a solopractic.
Okwudiogor kelvin: And the practice is growing. Gradually. For now, I'm using zuckdock. And some other third party websites to get patients.
Okwudiogor kelvin: So it's going well so far. I want to expand my practice. Probably get more patient.
Okwudiogor kelvin: And get more providers on board.
Christopher Hume: Wonderful. And so who do you use for your billing right now? Is it through your ehr.
Okwudiogor kelvin: Headway. I'm using headway.
Christopher Hume: Okay. And so everything's through headway. And do you do all of your billing through headway?
Okwudiogor kelvin: Yes.
Christopher Hume: Okay? And so are you interested in moving off of headway and getting independently credentialed?
Okwudiogor kelvin: Yes.
Christopher Hume: Wonderful. Have you started that process yet?
Okwudiogor kelvin: Yes, I've started.
Jack Waugh: Yeah.
Christopher Hume: Okay. Have you started for all your payers or is it just a few pairs or kind of where you stand there?
Okwudiogor kelvin: So right now I'm gradually with 10 insurance companies.
Christopher Hume: Okay. Oh, wonderful.
Okwudiogor kelvin: Thanks so far. Does that answer that question? I'm sorry.
Christopher Hume: Yeah, yeah. You're with 10. That's very, very helpful. Let me see here. Okay, and then. Kelvin, do you sort of know you discussed this with Jack last week, but are you familiar with jot, Psych, jot, Bill and kind of that whole suite of features that we have available?
Okwudiogor kelvin: I think you guys have this AI scribe, right?
Christopher Hume: That's what I know.
Okwudiogor kelvin: Some of my colleagues, they use you guys for subscribe.
Christopher Hume: What do you hear? Yours, Calvin.
Okwudiogor kelvin: For the scribes, Yeah. What am I using? Let me see. I'm using. I think. Freed.
Christopher Hume: Okay.
Okwudiogor kelvin: Yeah.
Christopher Hume: Okay. And so my last question for you, Kelvin, before we jump in here is how are you planning to do billing once you kind of get off? Way, and you start your credential on your own and doing everything through your own credentials.
Okwudiogor kelvin: I haven't reached that decision yet.
Christopher Hume: Okay, wonderful. It seems like it was a good time to chat with you, right?
Okwudiogor kelvin: Yes.
Jack Waugh: Perfect.
Christopher Hume: So what? What I'll do is I will walk you through an overview of. Jot bill, which is our billing functionality. And then I can. I mean, you're familiar with AI thread, so we don't need to go into too much detail there, but we can see, Calvin, if this is something that kind of you'd be interested in or interested in us helping with your billing or doing. An analysis of your current billing situation. Does that sound good?
Okwudiogor kelvin: Yes.
Christopher Hume: Perfect. Let me share my screen. And Kelvin. Where in the country are you?
Okwudiogor kelvin: Maryland.
Christopher Hume: Oh, no way. We're in Maryland.
Okwudiogor kelvin: And what waldo. F.
Christopher Hume: Okay. So we're based on base in Washington, D.C. and most of the time. Jack, you're based up in Bethesda, is that right?
Jack Waugh: Yeah, yeah, just outside. Right. In Rockville. Yeah, Rockville.
Christopher Hume: There we go.
Jack Waugh: Not too far.
Okwudiogor kelvin: Oh, yeah.
Jack Waugh: Did you grow up there? In Waldorf, or are you from.
Okwudiogor kelvin: No, I'm from Nigeria originally.
Jack Waugh: Oh, very cool. Very cool.
Okwudiogor kelvin: I moved here in 2017.
Jack Waugh: Awesome. Awesome. Yeah. Write down the block for most, so very cool.
Okwudiogor kelvin: Thank you.
Christopher Hume: Okay, so Kelvin just said, I mean, you know how AI Scribe is work. You see him with Freed, sets John Sykes apart. Is that we help with Billing as well. What is job bill? We take your notes, we make sure that they're aligned entirely with your payer requirements. So what we can do. Alvin is as you get credentialed with these individual payers and they give you your contracts. We can take those and feed them into job psych gut cycles say oh, we know what's required of Kelvin for this United for United Insurance for Blue Cross Blue Shield and we'll make sure your notes. Are crafted in a way that you're protected from audits and that you're not going to get down coded. We provide a full suite of services. We do eligibility checks. Again, we write your note to make sure that your note aligns with payer requirements. You just sign your note and job site and we handle all the claims from there. The idea is, Kelvin, that we can offer you a lot of the report that you're getting right now from headway, but at a fraction of the cost a headway typically takes. Was it between 20 and 30% of revenue as part of their model? Got sex between 4 and 8%. What makes Jump feel different? Hypervigilant eligibility checks. Got a little excited. I already told you about our payer aware documentation. So we developed a note specifically for your payers and then we handle the claims for you. Again. We have automated posting appeals and underpayment detection. The idea is if for whatever reason one of your payers is, let's say down coding you on every session, that's something we'll identify immediately handle for you. And notify you about.
Okwudiogor kelvin: Okay?
Christopher Hume: How would price were priced? Between 4 and 8%.
Christopher Hume: And it depends on which bill level you choose. We have the essentials complete and max. And this is, as you're very aware, a good deal below the cost associated with headway or growth therapy. So, Kelvin, the reason we're on here today is because we've been pulling psychiatric nurse practitioners across the country. But it's pretty funny that we ended up connecting with you, who's so close to our home base. We've been offering them to do an analysis of their current billing setup. Typically, we charge $300, but as you're someone who's just started with us, we waive that fee. What we would love to do is take a look at your current billing situation, your receipts, and the information you're receiving from Headway, and kind of just give you a more holistic picture of sort of how much money had was taking. And sort of any information like that. You have a real baseline understanding for when you move into your private practice. Is this something you'd be interested in, do you think? You have a comprehensive? Yes.
Okwudiogor kelvin: Yeah.
Christopher Hume: Okay, well, that's wonderful. So then, drop bill analysis. We can let you know what you're earning if there's any delays and what we can do to maximize your revenue, both now while you're on headway and in the near future when you're independently credentialed. And so I think the first thing or the main thing here. Would be Calvin, if you could kind of add us as an administrator on your kind of ehr and headway. We can pull the data we need and we can set up a time next week to do review the analysis together.
Okwudiogor kelvin: Yeah, sure.
Christopher Hume: Perfect. So I can give you my email and you can kind of get me admins in administrator. And I'll go from there.
Okwudiogor kelvin: I was doing it right now.
Christopher Hume: Yeah. Does right now work for you, Kevin?
Okwudiogor kelvin: Yeah. We can do it after admitting. Have an appointment in a few minutes.
Christopher Hume: So, Kelvin, can I send you my email address?
Christopher Hume: Yes, make sure you have that.
Okwudiogor kelvin: Absolutely.
Christopher Hume: So it's Chris at jobsych. Com, okay? And I'll follow up. I have your email, so you'll have all this information. If you get me access to a way today. Today or tomorrow, we can have the analysis done for you by next Wednesday, okay? Would you see my calendar? My goodness. 30 next Wednesday work for you?
Okwudiogor kelvin: Let me see. One second.
Christopher Hume: Time.
Okwudiogor kelvin: Next Wednesday. It's the 18th. Right, the 18th.
Christopher Hume: Yes. Correct.
Okwudiogor kelvin: Yes.
Christopher Hume: Print caller. Stop. Analysis review. We're going to go. Kelvin, let's get you on here. Jack. I'll make sure you're including as well, in case you call it permits. We'll get our analysis team added to. Could you just let me know when this comes through, Kelvin?
Okwudiogor kelvin: Yes, I got it.
Christopher Hume: Okay, could you just accept that meeting?
Christopher Hume: And that way, it'll give you a little reminder day before? Wonderful.
Okwudiogor kelvin: Wonderful.
Christopher Hume: Kelvin. I'll follow up with. An email as soon as we wrap up here. So you have all my information and you can add me as an administrator so we can pull that data, but. Do you have any questions? I know. Or move it quickly here.
Okwudiogor kelvin: Yeah. How much you guys charge for the scribe only? I'm just curious.
Christopher Hume: Yep. For the scribe only. It's $150 a month.
Okwudiogor kelvin: Got you 150.
Christopher Hume: Yes, 150.
Okwudiogor kelvin: Okay, got you.
Christopher Hume: And a lot of people who are using us for their solo practice use this as an ehr. So if you would like to use us for the AI scribe e prescription note analysis. And billing. The price is $249 a month and then 4 to 8% to do the submission of claims for you.
Okwudiogor kelvin: Gotcha. Okay, sounds good.
Jack Waugh: Thank you so much.
Christopher Hume: You're welcome. Wonderful. Any questions about the analysis Kelvin, before.
Okwudiogor kelvin: No, no questions for now. Okay.
Christopher Hume: And you'll get us added this afternoon?
Okwudiogor kelvin: Yes. Yes.
Christopher Hume: Perfect. Wonderful. Kelvin is so great to meet.
Okwudiogor kelvin: Likewise. Thank you so much.
Christopher Hume: All right, we'll chat next week. Bye. Bye.
Okwudiogor kelvin: Yeah, sure. Have a good day.