Emily Kaiser: How's it going?
Christopher Hume: Good. How's your week?
Emily Kaiser: Good. Pretty good. I just met my husband on a Facebook marketplace goose chair. So now I'm sitting at my new kitchen table, which is great.
Christopher Hume: Very exciting. Very, very exciting.
Emily Kaiser: I want you to.
Christopher Hume: Busy, busy. I'm not sure if you've been tracking. We have some customer support people where they're doing kind of their trial weeks with us right now, getting them up to speed on customer support stuff and seeing if. Yeah. See how that's going to work. And then also kicking Jack and John off with the new batch of cold stuff and hopefully at least getting you close to kickoff on these inside sales things.
Emily Kaiser: Yeah.
Christopher Hume: So what's going on from your end? How are you doing on list? What's been working this week? What hasn't been.
Emily Kaiser: Yes. So I feel like it's been a pretty good week. Pretty productive as far as like conversations that I've had with the cold calling list. My fourth round with that outbound cold list. And then I'm going to work back to the regular cold calling. Did some Harmony group onboarding.
Christopher Hume: Awesome.
Emily Kaiser: Upload that template or do you want me to on my end? I wasn't sure.
Christopher Hume: So I'm about to lose my freaking mind. It's. There's a bug. So we don't. I'll show you what we need to do just so you're like aware I need to like. I didn't want to break any of the engineers flow. They were in the middle of stuff. But we go to Felicia's account, you might not have all this access so we'll have to get it to you. So you go to Felicia's account, you go to content. And then frustratingly you have to say see more. And she has this template called HMH Therapy Progress Note, which is the one she sent you.
Christopher Hume: Then you scroll over and you're supposed to just be able to push this button.
Emily Kaiser: Okay.
Christopher Hume: And then can you see the pop up? Yep. And then it sends it to everyone in the. You just choose the group and it sends it to everyone.
Emily Kaiser: Okay.
Christopher Hume: But most of the groups aren't showing up in the search bar so we can't send it. So hopefully that's like a two second fix during lunch. And then I'll. I'll tell everyone that it's on their accounts. And then I think, do we have something scheduled for next week? Was that right? We. For Wednesday?
Emily Kaiser: I believe so. Let me double check.
Christopher Hume: Yeah. For Wednesday at 1pM Perfect. Okay. So we'll just see how that goes. And if you could just keep an eye on if anyone's taking notes, okay? That would be awesome. Just, like, eventually, we'll have to formalize this. But yeah, for now, just like vibe check it. And if it's like Joe hasn't made a note since the day I onboarded them, like, let me know. We can come up with some, like crafting some messages to try and get them to use it.
Emily Kaiser: Yeah. I circled back around to Joe and I think that was maybe helpful just because we didn't have this body demo with like, technical issues.
Christopher Hume: So when I saw he had an account and had a note like, that's about as good as I could hope for, right?
Emily Kaiser: Yeah. No, that surprised me. That was good. And then Amber, I'll call her and Tiffany just to like circle back around and make sure everything was good.
Christopher Hume: Let's check on Tiffany. Does Tiffany.
Emily Kaiser: Tiffany B.
Christopher Hume: Yeah. Does she know her account is active? Because I activated it yesterday, so I wouldn't be surprised.
Emily Kaiser: I don't know.
Christopher Hume: That would be great.
Emily Kaiser: Okay.
Christopher Hume: Tiffany. Yeah. So it looks like what we really want to do is get Tiffany and Joe to use us this week and next week.
Emily Kaiser: Okay.
Christopher Hume: Because those are going to be the two seats. Is there anyone else I'm missing or was it just these?
Emily Kaiser: I think that was it.
Christopher Hume: Let me also see Amber. What was Amber Davis. I have another tab open. I'm just trying to figure out what's going on with Amber. Like, how.
Emily Kaiser: Seems like she had the trial and then she reached back out to activate the trial and let me know that it looks like she already had the trial, basically. So then we added her, I believe, just as a user to the group. Standard. Standard subscription.
Christopher Hume: It looks like she paid on the 25th.
Christopher Hume: I don't have it in me to figure it out right now. We'll make sure everyone gets straightened out at the end, but. Okay. Yeah, let's just see if we can get Joe and P. The big goal are Joe and Tiffany. If we can just get one of them to convert, that's great. And then we can. You'll be calling them in like two weeks to try and sell them job build.
Emily Kaiser: Okay.
Christopher Hume: But we just want to see if at least one of them we can plus up and they're a group and then they're all using us. And as we roll out more features, this is like primo. Like, oh, why don't you try us for this? Why don't you try us for this? And like, They're a target to take them away from their ehr.
Emily Kaiser: Right.
Christopher Hume: Anything else, Emily?
Emily Kaiser: I don't think so. I just had a good couple good conversations throughout the cold calling list but got a few not yet. So I'll be checking in with them.
Christopher Hume: So when you get a not and so are these people from the NPES database who are like now's not a good time.
Emily Kaiser: Yes, pretty much.
Christopher Hume: Okay, so there's two things there. Have you tried to. Hey. Completely understand. Would you like to see our. But would you be interested in seeing it? We'd love to give you a demo or like what. What was the situation that made them say not yet.
Emily Kaiser: I put a good couple notes in this there just to like when I call her back. Let me read it. So specifically Jennifer, we spoke. So she currently uses Simple Practice for billing and and escribe and then med letter AI for her scribe. So all in all she's spending about 250amonth. She doesn't feel like she has the time to. We offered a two week trial and then kind of said no to that not yet. And I offered a quick demo just to see depth. She said not right now. She has somebody that she just recently brought on to help her kind of manage everything. She just feels a little too overwhelmed right now. Practice. She loves simple practice. Actually she was telling me all about it but the idea of condensing software is very appealing to her. And then med writer AI is not the best in her opinion. So there's opportunity there. She likes the idea of it but she doesn't feel like she has the mental capacity to change anything make any decisions right this very moment. She said check in in a month.
Christopher Hume: Okay. Could we just make sure we're adding those people to jot Bill return to later.
Emily Kaiser: Yeah.
Christopher Hume: In the deals. That way they get sucked into our. Yeah. All of our tracking stuff. And could you. Have you tried offering the. Are you even like we're changing so so fast right now. It's kind of like difficult for me to keep track. I found out today that I didn't understand like how people are assigned in groups and I literally sell this all day. So like I understand how hard this is kind of remotely to keep track of but are you aware of our kind of jot. The JWT analysis thing we're offering now like for the $300. Yes, but now we're offering it for free for people who are old.
Christopher Hume: See if that brings them in. Because a lot of people. This was feedback from you and Jack. But the feedback you had Emily, that people often softened up. When it seemed like you were offering something for free, we've kind of changed the pitch. So it's like, hey, like. And, like, again, it's a lot of. It's to your jack's discretion, but it's like, hey, we see a lot of people kind of, like, don't understand how their billing is happening. And, like, we've developed this tool. We think it's a great service. There's a cold call script. I'll send it to you, but you might want to try that with those people who are, like, really chatty. Now's not a good time. I. I think, like, the last. Well, the first thing you want to offer now is, like, seeing if they're interested in that analysis.
Emily Kaiser: Okay.
Christopher Hume: Because, like, that's, like, so much value for free. And you can tell them, like, hey, our. Our CEO works on these. Like, it takes him, like, a significant amount of time, but we're so passionate about making sure you get your. Your money. Would you be. Just be interested in learning more? Like, no commitment until after the meeting? Um, yeah. So. So that's something we've seen has helped a little bit.
Emily Kaiser: And can you send me that script?
Christopher Hume: Yes. Yep, yep, yep. So that.
Emily Kaiser: Is that cold, specifically, Nobody else.
Christopher Hume: Cold only. Cold only? Yes. If we start off with that, our existing customers, we might get too many.
Christopher Hume: It's, like, a tough use of time. So that's one thing. The other thing I need to send all of you is just, like, a summary of the features. Like, and I say this tongue in cheek, but it's also so, like, you're aware of how much is changing. Nate is now offering credentialing. We have this thing called Jotthread, which is we do credentialing for people, which is essentially. Are you familiar with that? Is. Have you heard people bitch about it?
Emily Kaiser: Not really.
Christopher Hume: Okay, so that's how people get aligned with or get, like, approved by insurance companies. To bill, you have to get credentialed with all the insurance companies. Like, if Blue Cross Blue Shield hasn't credentialed you, they're not going. Like, you can't submit claims to them, so you can't take any patients who are Blue Cross Blue Shield.
Christopher Hume: It's a huge pain, and it's a reason why a lot of people work with growth therapy or at a clinic, because they'll do the credentialing for them. And so Jack had this just whale of a call yesterday where he spent, like, 10 minutes. It was funny. He came down to the office. He's drove in And I just heard him, like, talking to this woman forever.
Christopher Hume: And the thing that got her to sign up for the meeting was when he's like, oh, like, how do you do credentialing? And she started complaining. And he's like, oh, we do that. And she's like, okay, I'll take a meeting. So I need to get I need to get you guys, like, one, I need to make sure you have that script. And then, two, like, you have, like, the basket of things, so you can just, like, when you hear them say something, you can all just, like, target your pitch to that. So, Emily, I want us to go full speed ahead. I'm just, like, trying to get these job bill meetings. So I'm going to give you some more. Cold NP stuff to keep you going for the next couple days before we fully transition you to JOT inside sales of JOT Bill. Any question about. Any question what we talked about so far? Anything I can kind of un and unbreak for you or, or unblock for you?
Emily Kaiser: I don't think so.
Christopher Hume: Okay, cool. Then moving forward, of course I wouldn't have anything for you yesterday, but it's looking like it's going to be next week. We want to have you kind of spending all of your time selling job for at least the immediate future job bill to existing customers. And I think we're going to go back through Pause customers too. Paused and canceled. Something I've noticed is that some of the people that we sourced from paused, even though that was like kind of a, like, just to be frank, like from a return on time and money spent perspective. The paused users were like, probably we were right around even on, like for all the time we spent on getting people back in and then how quickly they churned.
Christopher Hume: It was like it was a fine use of time. Like, but we're looking for something that we make more than we spend. Right. But what I've realized is we've gotten a significant number of Paused users who sign contracts with us to do their billing. We have at least one and then we have another who has a meeting scheduled for tomorrow with Nate. I think we might have had to sign. So it made me realize that there might be some real value here if in instead of calling people and just trying to get them to try the software again, we're calling people and offering them something new. There's a lot of ways of saying Emily, is that we have about 7,000 people in our database who are paused, active or canceled and kind of meet some general, Like some rough bounds that I put on them. Like, hey, I don't want Emily calling people who are parts of a group. People get offended. You know, the boss might get offended if they're paying for everything. And then we're calling their, their, their staff, trying to sell them stuff. Like, it's not cool. So we're trying to avoid that. But I see this is like you're going to go out there and you're going to be like, the tip, the tip of the spear is going to be you trying to get people to get into a job bill meeting and you're going to tell them about job analysis and you're going to see if they're interested and then you're going to have like a menu of things that you can fall back to. If they're like, yeah, I'm good with my billing. You're like, oh, well, while you're on the phone, you're just wondering, we're rolling out these other features. Would any of them interest you? And it's going to be jot cred, it's going to be jot rx, it's going to be whatever. And the idea is that we can increase. We're going to get more people into the billing pipeline, which is where the real money is, while simultaneously as like a backup trying to sell them additional features that will increase how much they pay us every month. And then the reason we're having you do this, Emily, is because you've shown a really good instinct for identifying groups. And I've been very impressed with how you've gotten these pilots opportunities identified. And so your like backup mission or your secret mission is to get people to sign up for pilot meetings too.
Emily Kaiser: Okay.
Christopher Hume: It's kind of a lot. So I don't like when I say it all like that sticks.
Emily Kaiser: We're seeing what sticks. It sounds like, yeah, we're seeing what stuff sticks.
Christopher Hume: Like the main goal is job bill. A lot of times you end up on these calls like, no, I don't care about job bill. And you're like, oh, well, we're actually rolling out prescriptions too. And they're like, oh my God, you can do prescriptions for me. That like literally happened to me in a customer support call. I was trying to pitch someone on billing services and she not interested. I'm like, oh, okay, well, we have subscription prescription too, and immediately booked the meeting. But that's what you're going to be doing. You're going to have a lot of people to call. So you will certainly. And I will handle like the loading them and the making sure you're getting clean people. And we're not hitting the same people too often, so you won't have to worry there. And what we're going to do next week, if you have time on probably Tuesday, is talk about a new comp structure based on. I was telling Jack this. I want you guys to have like clear goals and clear expectations. And I know these past couple months have been pretty challenging and I appreciate your flexibility. So we're going to. What I plan to do is align bonus structure with four job bill meetings attended or pilot pitches. It'll be based off of seats added or seats grown. So if they add three seats, you're going to get three seats worth of bonus. And then for the add on features, the bonus will be be based on someone's paying an extra $69 a month. We'll make sure that you get a bonus commensurate with kind of how much additional revenue you brought up for the company. That's something is like a huge focus of mine over the next two days to make sure that you and Jack can be like really rocking and rolling on Monday with your new kind of marching orders. But how does that sound to you, Emily? I know I've kind of monologued for six minutes or so.
Emily Kaiser: No, that's okay. That sounds good. I feel like I really like the idea of that new role. I feel like it's something I'm familiar with. With is kind of being like the middleman between, you know, the customer and company. Yeah, I mean, it all sounds good. I had a question. Well, how will I be able to identify. Like you said earlier, basically, if somebody's a part of a group, rather than like, calling them individually, like, will there be a system in place to kind of allow me to identify? Okay, these are the people in the group. These are the people paying for dots, like, you know what I mean? So it doesn't get a little messy, is your question.
Christopher Hume: How do I make sure I'm not calling someone who's already part of a clinic with job psych.
Emily Kaiser: Yeah. Well, when you mentioned there's like, so many people in the database, and I know I'm obviously calling for multiple different, like, things, so. Yeah, I don't know if there was kind of like. Like the harmony group, for example. So say, like, Joe is in the database separately.
Christopher Hume: That we're just gonna have to take the L. If we call someone and they're like, oh, I'm. But the thing we won't do. Sorry, are you asking in a positive way? What if we find that out? Or a negative way, like, what if you call Joe and you're like, hey, I'd love to say you're on billing. And he's like, whoa, whoa, whoa. Like my company?
Emily Kaiser: Well, not really a positive or negative, just like, more organizationally for my own thought process on knowing what these people are already paying for when I call them.
Christopher Hume: I guess right now you are not going to call anyone who's part of a group larger than three.
Christopher Hume: Okay, so I have the. Built this whole thing on Monday that, like, pulls in data from HubSpot. It pulls in data from our internal, like, pay our internal analytics to make sure that you're only getting people who are active trialing, or they're maybe not trialing, but are active, paused or canceled. Maybe I'll put trialing in there, but for now it's active, paused or canceled. Are not in a group larger than three. I figure if it's only a group of three and you call like, not that big a deal because it's. That's just an instinct thing. But I figure on those smaller group, it's a little different. As opposed to these big behemoths. Like, someone who has a chief operating officer doesn't want their providers getting upsold.
Emily Kaiser: Yeah.
Christopher Hume: And then. Does that explain your question? So we're going to check all that. If someone happens to be, like, part of a company, but their boss isn't paying for them, then you could still call them. And I actually think that's fine.
Emily Kaiser: Okay.
Christopher Hume: I don't think that's. That's socially inappropriate, I hope.
Emily Kaiser: Right? And then.
Christopher Hume: Yeah, I know we talked about kind of like, I would love to, as we proceed here, expand your role. So kind of want to make sure that we have a clear plan, see how things are working with this new work stream. And then as we. Progress. I think some of these kind of tasks, the managing, some of the like you're doing right now for Harmony, I would love to kind of triage some of those taskings to you and kind of grow that role there. Not going to do it immediately. Want to make sure everything's working before we kind of expand up there because I know it's kind of a commitment from your end, but just so you know, have not forgotten the conversation and thinking of ways to do that.
Christopher Hume: Just want to flag that for you and kind of how I see kind of your growth in the role.
Emily Kaiser: Yeah, that sounds great. So initially, what are you feeling for like hours per week? Are you. Do you still feel like part time, like 25 hours?
Christopher Hume: I mean, I think initially let's start 25. But if you're like, Chris, I'm rocking and rolling, like, can I use, like, I'm not going to be super strict on hours. I just want to, especially for the next few weeks, I just want to make sure that before we. Because I know kind of for you personally it's a bit of a commitment once you go over that 25 to 30 hour range. I just want to make sure that I am confident that it's a sustainable. You know, I really think this is going to work, but there is a chance that we start burning through this list and it's not something we can do long term at 30 hours a week. And I don't want to. Yeah, I don't want to set you up where you're. We do two hours or three weeks at 30 hours a week or 35 hours a week and it's not working. We have to scale back.
Christopher Hume: I prefer to kind of do it slowly, make sure we're confident. Long way of saying Emily. Like I'm envisioning this to be 20, 25 a week, but if it's going really well, you're booking a bunch of meetings like you can work as much as you want. I just can't promise that it's going to be that way more than a couple weeks at a time right now. Yeah, okay.
Emily Kaiser: No, that sounds good. I feel like that works.
Christopher Hume: Okay, perfect. So let me see. Anything else for today? Are you going to need the next MPES list today or tomorrow?
Emily Kaiser: No, I should be good until tomorrow.
Christopher Hume: Okay, I will get you that point. Let's look at my calendar. Do you have time on. I keep messing up my no meeting days, but it's kind of what it is. Do you have time on Tuesday? I would like to kind of formally discuss adjusting your contract and comp and all that. After I talk with Nate. Would 30 work for you?
Emily Kaiser: What time?
Christopher Hume: 3:30. I guess I could check your calendar because you have it blocked off. Really? Well, no. So you're busy since my daughter is napping or.
Emily Kaiser: Well, she is napping, but it just. Different timing. So let me see. Tuesday. That should work. My mom is. She went to Florida for three weeks and.
Christopher Hume: Must be nice. Michigan, this time of year.
Emily Kaiser: I know. She's back today though. So next week we'll be back to doing like. The standard three days a week, which will be very good. So Tuesday should be no problem. I can really do whatever time because we're back on that schedule.
Christopher Hume: Okay. Yep. We'll do 2:30. That's perfect. Okay. I'll get you that list tonight and then we can go from there. And yes, I mean we'll have to figure out how. Again, I really appreciate your patience. We'll have to figure out how we want to track all of these asking deals as they come in.
Christopher Hume: Yeah, I think Emily, you what probably makes the most sense for now and I need to think about this. Whenever is you'll be calling through. I'll be loading lists into alaware and you'll be calling through there.
Emily Kaiser: Okay.
Christopher Hume: And then you'll be tracking deals in HubSpot. So you'll have your job build deals and then you'll have your root practice deals and you'll just make sure they get tagged in here whenever there's progress. And we can kind of formalize this and fix what doesn't work or what's confusing. Like I'm trying to think like how are we going to track when you get it when you sell someone E prescription? I don't know yet. So for now, when you sell SO an E prescription, write it down so I can make sure you get the bonus for it.
Christopher Hume: But we'll will develop some sort of tool to track it.
Emily Kaiser: Okay, perfect. And earlier you said to make sure those people that are not yet are in job Bill return to later. Where is that?
Christopher Hume: Yep. So do you have the. Do you have a HubSpot open?
Emily Kaiser: Huh?
Christopher Hume: Okay, so if you go to deals and click on this thing.
Emily Kaiser: Hold on, let me go back to the screen.
Christopher Hume: Okay, then you go job bill.
Emily Kaiser: Okay.
Christopher Hume: Whoa, whoa, whoa. Dr. Beret is not ice cold. He is scheduled just if you scroll to the right or two later with the notes.
Emily Kaiser: Okay, cool.
Christopher Hume: Yeah, that's the painful part about this. You probably might have more experience than I do, but the you just kind of have to accept that you're not going to get everyone in the door right away. But it still is valuable to talk to them and track them and return later.
Christopher Hume: But you know, as the crazy tech people were like, oh, right away, let's get the meeting. Come on, push, push, push. And not always the right time for everyone, even though it's the right time for us.
Christopher Hume: Frustrating, that is. So if you could just make sure they're there because I have a personal tool set up that pulls data from HubSpot and as long as you have them on one of the deals. I can track them with all my emails and slack and brain.
Emily Kaiser: Yeah. Thanks. Okay.
Christopher Hume: All the things. Yeah. Yep.
Emily Kaiser: Perfect. And do you need. I'm going to call and make sure Dr. Kane was able to access his free trial and just confirm his meeting tomorrow. Do you want me to do anything else on that front before his meeting with Nate?
Christopher Hume: I think just send him. So call him would be awesome. He accepted the meeting, which is a great sign. Just make sure. Again, this is another thing we probably need to formalize if you're changing all these processes. But just make sure to send a reminder day of with the link. Yeah, just. He's definitely one. I want to make sure.
Emily Kaiser: Yeah. He asked me to text him right after we got off the phone, and he sent me one of those things. They're like the emojis that you can. So he had, like, a big thumbs up. He was jazz, I love.
Christopher Hume: Yeah, there's. I worked with. Yeah. That I worked with this foreign military guy at my last job who all of his. He would use the salop emoji for everything, and I thought it was funny, so I started doing it. And now you might notice in Slack, it's like moves. It's like not even a joke anymore. I just actually salute to everything.
Emily Kaiser: Yeah.
Christopher Hume: So I get it. Yes, sir. Okay. Well, that's awesome. That's a. That's a great lead. If there's. Yeah. If there's anything that needs to be that we need to be tracking for that meeting, just to make sure you put it in the deal notes. And again, our trackers will suck it out and give it to Nate in a pre read.
Emily Kaiser: Okay, cool. I think it's pretty detailed. What's in.
Christopher Hume: Okay, then we're good.
Emily Kaiser: I will double check because I didn't have the information for last night's meeting, so I will double check that.
Christopher Hume: Okay. Thanks, Emily. Appreciate it.
Emily Kaiser: Cool. Thank you. Bye.
Christopher Hume: I'm good.