Nathan Peereboom: Wednesday. Happy Wednesday. Thanks for responding to, you know, my, my message on LinkedIn.
Mia Soviero: I appreciate it.
Nathan Peereboom: Of course. Yeah. So listen, my name is Nate. I'm the CEO and co founder of Job Psych. And I wanted to take this time essentially to introduce us what we're doing, but also just to understand like, who you are, what you're looking for. I feel like you've got a really interesting like, niche within the content world and, and that's, that's pretty exciting to us. So, yeah, maybe could I just like understand a little background on you and
Mia Soviero: you know, a little bit of like, what you're looking for? Yeah. So first and foremost, I've always loved storytelling. I started out really young writing, and then that love for storytelling translated to film. And as early as 12 years old I was enrolled in film school where half of my day was dedicated to producing documentaries and short films. So very early on I got exposure to using applications like Final Cut Pro, Adobe Premiere Pro and editing with these things. And so that love for film has stuck with me even as my career has taken a shift towards science. And I found my love for science. And so I have a really interesting niche because I sort of sit at the intersection of content creation and organizational leadership and then also science. So a lot of the content that I make and I make videos almost every single day, I'm creating, editing, storyboarding, scripting, almost every single day has to do with science and healthcare. And over the last six years I've been doing that every day, like I said, creating videos, and had a lot of exposure to not only the whole process of what content creation is like for myself, but the process of creating content for brands, UGC branded content. And I've had the opportunity to do that for a bunch of brands, whether they're science or non science related brands. And so I've really had the opportunity to see behind the curtain about how content works from both a consumer perspective and a creator perspective. And that love has really stuck with me. I love the work that I get to do with content creation, specifically in science and healthcare, because it's really, like I said, at that intersection of all of these things that I really am passionate about. So I'm looking right now to pursue a position that allows me that intersection. And that's why I was so interested when you approached me and I took a look at your guys's website and some of the podcast features that you guys have done and got to know a little bit more about jot psych. And it intrigues me the position that you sent over the content marketer position. Um, because I don't really get a lot of opportunities to utilize these different skills that I have. Like you said, I kind of.
Mia Soviero: Have a little bit of a niche background in that. I was a neuroscience researcher at Columbia, so I have that science background. And I'm also an EMT and a ccma, so I'm familiar with health care, but I also have that content creation background. So this is a really interesting role to me. Specifically the content marketer position that I was interested in, because I don't get a lot of opportunities to use all of those different skills in one role.
Nathan Peereboom: So that was really what drew me to this. Super cool.
Nathan Peereboom: Are you in New York?
Mia Soviero: Is that. Is that.
Nathan Peereboom: Yes. Okay, sweet. Let me give you a little background on just kind of where we're at as an organization. Yeah. And we can just talk about, like, what would be the experiment or small, you know, kind of small toe dip we could do together. So. So I started JOT Psych with my best friend from college, like, 2 1/2, 2 1/4 years ago, and we started it. I mean, if you listen to the podcast, you kind of know this. Like, my parents are in healthcare. They do, like, huge amount of documentation. And I've always been a tech guy. Like, I'm actually like. I mean, I did molecular engineering in college. Like, but mostly I did, like, econ and tech, and I worked. I just, like, love technology. Like, I think technology is so fun and interesting, and it's, like, the coolest time to be in tech because the tooling is just bananas. And so for Jackson and I, you know, we are. I think we're fairly good technologists. We've grown really quickly as a company, but we are bad at content. Like, we're just not, like, we're not super. This is just at an organizational. We're not, like, super creative people. We're not super. Like. Like, we don't really understand how social media works. Like, I find Instagram extremely scary. Like, we're just, like, kind of we're aliens. And we're at the point where, like, in order to grow, we have to get good at this. We have to get good at communicating what our product does, how it's, you know, differentiated from other things in the marketplace. We have to grab people's attention in a world where, like, there are a lot of companies kind of offering something similarly. And so right now we're. We're trying to figure out, like, are there creators that we. That, like, we can work with? And we're actually, like, super flexible as an organization. Like, if someone were to come in and be like, hey, I can own this. Like, if you. Like, like, just, like, here. Like, here the process I want us to go through. Let, like, let me own it. We could probably get to a point where, like, that was, like, the model we wanted to work in. We also could imagine a model where someone's like, hey, look, like, I just love creating content. Like, I don't really want to manage the system. I don't really want to play in the software. Like, I just, like, really want to be, like, you're kind of, like, spokesperson, for lack of a better term, like that. That also kind of works for us. And so when we, like, when we talk with people and we're just starting this process, we're just starting to, like, you know, reach out to content creators and understand, like, you know, What they're interested, what they're good at. Like, we actually don't even know how to work with content creators. Honestly, I think that, like, you know, the goal here is essentially like, all right, let's develop an experiment together where we could, you know, essentially understand what it would be like to work together. And then after that we can decide, hey, like, what's the, what's the model? So my goal with you is probably like, if we can, let's like walk our way to like a one week paid engagement and then from there, you know, kind of have a reset conversation about, you know, what went well, what didn't go well, you know, and what would be kind of great moving forward. The reason I asked why you're in New York is that I'm not in New York, but our team is in New York. Jax and I live in D.C. and we're actually, we have a D.C. office. You can blur it out, but, like, you can see there's like a bunch of people behind us here. But, but the great thing is, like, we do have a New York presence, so we come up and they come down and, you know, that's, it's actually like an ideal kind of situation with Asian Mars too. So when you think about, like, groups like ours, like, like, what is the typical way that you work with them? Again, like, I'm coming from a place where, like, I have, I mean, hopefully I have a lot of humility about like, my, like, meeting a little bit of like, Virgil through the layers of the hill. What do you, what have you seen? Work. What have you seen? Not work? What's, like, a way that you like to engage versus labor? Like, hey, if this is your setup, like, that's awesome
Mia Soviero: for someone else, but, like, not my thing. Yeah, well, I have a little bit of experience with startups and what it's like to be involved in a startup because I started my own business and I, I started mine also around the same time that you guys started jot Psych. And so I'm very familiar with what it's like to be trying everything for the time. And I'm not sure exactly where you guys are at with content. If you've already produced social media content and done some
Nathan Peereboom: content marketing before, you haven't really, I mean, a little bit, like, so badly that I, like, wouldn't even show it to you
Mia Soviero: just because I think it would lower your esteem for us. Okay, so. Well, what I normally do when I get involved with an organization, especially one that is in more of the early stages or at least in the early stages content wise is I see what you've already done and I essentially dissect it, right? I look at it and I see what you might have already posted and how it performed and what worked and what didn't from that content that's already been released. Because something that is typically a problem when it comes to early stage startups, especially early stage content wise, is that they can scale the wrong things too early, so they can put more emphasis on things that haven't been tested as well yet, and then they scale them really big and. And they spend all this money on marketing and promotions for these con for this specific content. And it might not have been tested accurately. So it doesn't, it just kind of falls flat. So what I like to do is I review, if I'm starting from scratch, I review the things like your ads, your landing pages, onboarding content, or the help center content that you guys have, any customer facing materials that the customer might be engaging with. And therefore I get to see what they're already seeing about JOT Psych. And I can take all of that and form essentially a picture of your brand. And then I ask, what convinces someone to try JOT psych? What do clinicians reference when they're talking about it to their colleagues? What makes them convert to being a JOT psycher? And then I'll talk to clinicians, so I'll actually engage with the customers. So this would look like setting up interviews potentially with clinicians who do use JOT psych and asking them, what is it that made you start using it? What appealed to you? What do you think would convince someone else? What are hang ups that you had that might have convinced you not to use it or that might have seemed a little iffy? And then I use all of that information and it's sort of like collecting data, which is something that I've done a lot of as a neuroscience researcher. I'm very familiar with collecting data and then alchemizing that data, using it to create something else and to generate whatever. So out of that data, I will then pick one to two sort of hit points to focus on and I'll essentially test those experimentally. So I'll post like maybe one post that involves something that was a common theme that I heard from the interviews. So let's say that in the interviews, the clinicians, a point that they brought up that might have made them not want to use JOT psych is that maybe they were under the misunderstanding that jot psych was making clinical decisions for them and that deterred them.
Nathan Peereboom: Right.
Mia Soviero: I would take that information. Yeah, I would take that information. And JOT Psych doesn't do that. You guys don't make clinical decisions for clinicians. You're just optimizing things so that it's a little more efficient for them. And that's what I would want to. Let's say if that was something that I learned from the interviews, that would be a point that I'd want to hit home in content is that we are not taking away your clinical decision making. We're not taking away your judgment and your authority as a clinician, but we are just offering a way for you to do your job more efficiently. You're still doing your job. You still have the authority and we still respect you as a company. We still respect you and your authority as a clinician. And I would alchemize that and create content that appealed to that sport specific problem that I'm noticing.
Mia Soviero: So I pick one to two of these examples and I'd push them out experimentally and see how they do. See then the data analysis for who is seeing it, what. Populations are seeing it. If anyone is actually being converted to wanting to try jot psych after seeing that content. And they would be like running little experiments and then depending on how things ran with that, I would then change little things and see what happens when I change little things. So it's similar to running a scientific experiment. The way that I approach content creation is you don't want to change all of the variables about content at once. You want to change one thing and see how that influences the customer, whether that's retention or getting new customers, acquisition, whatever it may be. And that way you can learn what your, your specific customer base and your target audience is most drawn to and what will drive revenue drive acquisition for your specific audience. Because it's different for every audience. You know, every company has a different target audience that may be using their product and you want to appeal specifically to that audience. Not generally when it comes, especially with a startup, because you're just trying to get this like loyal initial customer base that will then refer to all of their friends and their colleagues. And that way you can grow. So being more specific in the beginning can be really helpful. So that's how I sort of approach when I work with early stage content creation.
Nathan Peereboom: I approach it really experimentally, which is informed a lot by my background in science. Yeah. Okay, cool. That, that makes a ton of sense and that resonates a lot with how we see the world. Like we very much are like, you know, we have a strong preference for super small surface area experiments that just give us more data and help us make better decisions. We're not a, you know, we, we're VC backed, but we don't. We try not to like adopt that like infinite money mentality that I think a lot of startups fall into. We try and be like good stewards of the resources we have and just at a cultural and like intellectual level like that. That's just the exact same way that we think about this stuff. Super. One other question for you and then I'm gonna have to run them just running up any bit my next meeting. But last question. Oh, sorry. It's gonna be two questions. One, if you think about like a pie chart where there it's a pie made of two slices and one slice of the pie is like the excitement you have for like actually being the person generating the content. Like being like the producer of the content versus the other slice of the pie, the arranger or strategist around the content.
Mia Soviero: Like what does that pie chart look like for you? Just at a preference level Yeah, I would say I really enjoy the process of. Storyboarding, storytelling, scripting. I love the editing process, all of the, the aspects of content creation that are. Because I am the face of my content most of the time, I enjoy when I get to kind of step out of that role and actually engage more with everything that surrounds that. So I would say actually what I'm looking for in a position rather than. Yeah, what I'm looking for in a position is one in which it's more of a like 8020 AD. Being the producer who edits the content and is doing all, everything in the background, the scripting, the storyboarding, rather than being the person who is actually on camera, the spokesperson, if you will. And also I think I mentioned to you in our LinkedIn messages, but I don't typically do like, I don't. One of the reasons why I wanted to clarify that I was interested in the content marketer role and not the UGC role is because due to my institutional affiliations, like with Columbia University and nyu, I cannot legally endorse healthcare products, for example. So that's why I can't generate, I can't be like the spokesperson creating UGC content for a healthcare or medical product, but I can be the one who's actually behind the scenes creating it, who's filming it, scripting, storyboarding, editing, everything else. And those are all skills that I've built over the last 12 years or so. So that's what I'm really interested in and
Nathan Peereboom: looking for a role that fits. Okay. Amazing. Yeah, that makes a ton of sense. And it also again is helpful that we're all in or that everyone's in New York because, you know, we could, I could imagine a scenario, for example, where you know, we spend, you know, a Saturday and it's just the film day and then, and then everything. Like, you know, there's obviously preparation script wise and scene wise, but like then we're like chopping it up into a bunch of piece of content going forward. Okay, super last question. Capacity wise, like, you seem like a super busy person. You seem to have like a lot of like spinning plates. Like what is your capacity? What would be like exciting at a, you know, again, just
Mia Soviero: like a code if level, hours wise. Yeah, well, I think I, I mentioned, I emailed you guys with the, the for the job application. I mentioned wanting to start out part time. So starting out maybe 20 hours a week because until March, that is what I can, that's what I have the capacity to Give is about 20 hours a week.
Nathan Peereboom: After March, I am available full time.
Mia Soviero: Okay. Just until March, 22nd, I am currently wrapping up some projects with my work with my startup that involve a lot more work from me than usual.
Nathan Peereboom: But after that, I am a free woman. Okay. All right, awesome. Mia, here's what I'm gonna do. I'm gonna send you, like. I didn't just tell you.
Nathan Peereboom: We're gonna, like, move forward with, like, a project here. So let me send you something that's, like, fairly contained. It's gonna feel small.
Mia Soviero: I'll send you, like, an NDA and, like, all that
Nathan Peereboom: jazz, as well as I'll probably send you an email first. It's like, hey, here's, like, the basic concept. Do you feel good about it on a rate and scope standpoint? And then if the answer is yes, then I'll, like, send you a bunch of paperwork around, like, NDAs and stuff, and then. And then we can move forward from there. But I am incredibly excited about, like, what you do and would love to just kind of to, you know, to the theme that we were talking about before, like, do an experiment, get more information, see what's working, and see if there's a way for us to be partners together.
Mia Soviero: So how does that sound? Does it seem like an okay next step? That sounds great. I'm really excited about it, and I'm excited
Nathan Peereboom: to take a stab at what you send over. Awesome. Okay, cool.
Mia Soviero: I'll get that over to you within the next 24. Okay, excellent.
Nathan Peereboom: All right, have a great rest of your day. Take care. Bye. Bye. Bye.