Jack Waugh: Hey Chris, not too much. How are you?
Christopher Hume: That was super day. That was super dang paradise. Cool. Our things, I know we literally just spoke. But would love to hear how things went with our gal. Axy. Everly. Oh my God. I'll show you my LORE.
Jack Waugh: Yeah, that went well, I would say she was very interested in it and it seemed to kind of check all the boxes for her. So I feel like we should be able to close that knock on wood. Oh wow.
Christopher Hume: He was just blowing me up.
Jack Waugh: She's one of those. Thought by thought texters. Yeah, I mean, so that was cool. I did have a thought. So this person I just met with total opposite really like what's the bottom line? I don't want to do anything. And I was wondering because she wasn't even signed up when she was in the meeting. And she didn't even want to sign up until Sunday when she had her first patient, which is very definite about that. So I wonder, is there any advantage to saying in order for us to do the demo, we need to make sure you have a trial with us?
Christopher Hume: Yeah, yeah, yeah. I just like to do the demo. We typically need just you can follow along. We can make sure the audio works and someone's giving you fists. They're like, hey, I'm not going to use it till Sunday. Like, hey, no worries. I'll add six days to your trial. Like don't be crazy. Don't give them like 30 days. But if they need an extra week, like we're just trying to get them on the platform and create some sort of relationship here. Yeah. So like for these two weeks, like just whatever you can do to get them on platform.
Jack Waugh: Okay, cool. Yeah, I'm going to, I think the next time I get that, that's probably what I'll do so I
Christopher Hume: can, did she agree to a follow up or no?
Jack Waugh: No. Wow. No, I couldn't get her on. Get her to sign up for it. Couldn't get her to do. Yeah, brutal.
Christopher Hume: Weird. But she signed up for the demo.
Jack Waugh: Yeah, I guess she just wanted to see more. I mean, I think it. Worked for her as far as what she was looking for. But yeah, she was very walled off. I couldn't really.
Christopher Hume: All right. Well, we all have a process for people like that, but I would just recommend let's just like do some check ins with her like over text. Sure. And actually you got another one lined up in like 25 minutes.
Jack Waugh: Yeah, that's right.
Christopher Hume: Cool. So it seems like. These people are interested in some way and say some form or fashion. Like I don't know if it's going to be. I don't know if it's going to be. Economically realistic, but it seems like we're definitely going to get some conversions here. Like how the call is gone.
Jack Waugh: Yeah. I mean, they've gone fine. I probably have to give you better insight at the end of the week. So far I caught some people who've been in meetings and, you know, busy when I call, but I've also booked demos with people. So I would say it's been fairly par for the course. I would say these people are less. There are definitely less warm on it than the reactivated trials were. So they're pretty clear about, well, I'm trying other things too. I don't, you know, they don't have any context. So I guess part of meeting is for.
Christopher Hume: Yeah, I think that's fine. Yeah, I mean, that's just to be expected. I think I want to see what works out here. And I'm really interested. Do you think I, Beverly, do you think there's any chance we can get our colleagues to try with us?
Jack Waugh: Yeah, she definitely said she would mention it to them. I think maybe after I, if I can lock her down for that when we meet, I'll go ahead and follow up.
Christopher Hume: Like that is like how this becomes an economically viable. Like these onesie 2D people for these two weeks, we just have to do because we need to do everything we can to make this work. Like how I see this long term jack. If we can get it to work is I want to be just like basically feeding you. Clinics and then like you get an occasional one like trialer in there. Like you're probably giving them too much support right now. We're going to scale that back. We're like this week. We just are these two weeks. We just want to see like how many trials we can get running. Are they active? And we go from there. So that sounds good. I think the only thing I have for you Jack is I know you have like a backlog of people that you need to work through. If you could review those and find high value people in that backlog like, hey, I'm an owner at a two person psychiatric nurse practitioner clinic. Like we should probably call them as soon as possible. The solo people or a solo therapist like don't kill yourself over like add them, but just at your discretion. So that's guidance on the backlog. In terms of the people who are coming in every day and it's like add them to sequence, those people I'm going to want you to add as quickly as possible. Okay.
Jack Waugh: Where am I seeing that?
Christopher Hume: That should be just like the task. A task to just show up on your in your queue that says like add Chris Hume sequence. Like when you see those that they need to be added and called as quickly as possible.
Jack Waugh: Got it.
Christopher Hume: That's going to be like the highest value when they still like vaguely remember you.
Christopher Hume: And like these old people, like it's kind of just a process valve that we didn't reach out to them earlier. It's because I was having trouble setting up HubSpot.
Jack Waugh: As far as the larger clinics go, how do I is there a way to see that?
Christopher Hume: On a list? Yeah, there are a larger clinic.
Jack Waugh: Well, no, you had mentioned any providers where it's like multiple people. Is there a way to actually see that in like a list?
Christopher Hume: Uh, let me, I'll send you, can you share your screen in HubSpot?
Jack Waugh: Yeah.
Christopher Hume: Can you go down to the three bars on the left hand side?
Christopher Hume: Three bars down one? Of those, sorry confusing all the way down all the way down. It's like you're so close reporting.
Jack Waugh: Oh, okay. Yeah, yeah.
Christopher Hume: And then reports. To me. That reporting. So you can look. On a week by week basis. And so can you click just like on the 41.
Jack Waugh: 41.
Christopher Hume: Yeah, let's do report total 41.
Jack Waugh: Yep. Okay.
Christopher Hume: And can you scroll. Are you freaking serious, dude? So it's not going to show you all at once a huge pain in the ass, but if you just click on anyone. So you could click on anyone from the segment you have to that list. But just click on the same that one.
Jack Waugh: Okay.
Christopher Hume: Different tab.
Jack Waugh: Oh yeah. Sure that.
Christopher Hume: If you scroll down in the middle.
Jack Waugh: Okay.
Christopher Hume: Scroll up. This is freaking brutal. For some reason you, you know, I'm just going to see if I can do this. With AI in like two seconds. All right, let me see what we're doing here. This is in our 20 minutes. We can do this live FB form. And what's your list called? The list with all the leads.
Jack Waugh: To check on that.
Christopher Hume: 26 meta.
Jack Waugh: Yes, I think that's. Yep. 2026. Meta.
Christopher Hume: All right. So we're going to let that cook. But yeah, I'm just going to say, so like these old leads like they are what they are. See what we can squeeze out of them. We're only counting them as a cop if you call them. Yeah. So like us to determine if this is a feasible path ahead. The really important ones are the people who come in new. And then I want you to call as many of the old ones as you can, especially high value.
Jack Waugh: Okay, that makes sense.
Christopher Hume: Yeah. And so if it gets to a point where you're like, holy shit Chris, like too many people are coming in a day, like my list is out of control. Let me know and I'll pull in some more support so you're not overwhelmed. But like I. Think if we don't get a strong single in two weeks, we might shut down this initiative. I just want to make sure that we give it like the. Respect or whatever that we give it like the seriousness that the serious rigorous test that it deserves because I have sort of a. Belief that this could be like really good for us. Yeah. Like let's say you convert like Beverly and two of her colleagues. Oh, we could do it like that. We pay for like the whole first month of the list.
Jack Waugh: It's good to know. And then if I pitch that to her, what is the voucher or not not voucher with a different word for. Yeah like we give them no we give them like a discount or something like on their job.
Christopher Hume: Yeah, I wouldn't worry about that too much because I think they're coming in as a group like we want them to come as a group and then like the admins paying but if they do they're like, hey, we can't get the admin pay with my two colleagues want to do it. Be like, hey, okay. It's 50 bucks a pop if they convert to paying and we can create that afterward.
Jack Waugh: I see. Okay. Makes sense. Meaning you'd rather it come rather than like if I meet with Beverly and I pitch this to her to get more colleagues you'd rather it come from her higher ups that are getting people on board as opposed to her just pulling in. I'm just trying to think about like what I'm offering her to like the pathway to offer her something to give her incentive to do that.
Christopher Hume: Yeah, that's a really good point. I would say like just talk about some of the benefits. Like you can share templates. If it's over seven people you get a discounted rate. So like would your team be interested in trying us out as an org? And she's like no be like okay well if anyone would be interested in trying out individually what you could refer them and like you're eligible for a discount they're eligible for a discount. And like I would lean Jack you perform really good relationships with these people. I would lean on like hey like I'm here to support them just like I support you. So like. CSV and we can check it together. But I think this will be like all the high value ones from that old list. Facebook form. You on your end. Just. I'll just check so there's someone named Andelich. Trying to figure out what's going on with your permissions. That's so annoying that you can't see anyone else's communications but your own. It's funny I can see everyone's communications so like. I see the people were like frickin. Like oh my god some of the people we've called like literally 20 times. It's unbelievable.
Jack Waugh: They just keep making their way back and
Christopher Hume: yeah we have a whole exchange with them. Meeting they don't show up to the meeting. List. The people jack that I'm going to want you to prioritize. There's 58 in the old list who are at clinics of more than one.
Jack Waugh: Okay. Cool.
Christopher Hume: And just like as you're adding people you're like hey I have a little bit more bandwidth let's target these people. But again the most important thing is the people who. Were coming in that like as soon as you see them like you're like bam in the sequence get a call because like if you can call them like you know. One of those things that like the sooner you call them to when they submit the better chance of conversion or at least getting a meeting.
Jack Waugh: Right yeah, that makes a lot of sense.
Christopher Hume: Okay could you share your screen with me and like let's see if anyone came in today I want to see like your task yeah.
Jack Waugh: By the way i'm guessing this is a typo but it says Lillian Perez 2000 clinicians
Christopher Hume: think she probably works at like a humongous. Yeah.
Jack Waugh: That would be that would be a stretch. Me stretch got it?
Christopher Hume: Real game changer.
Jack Waugh: Okay.
Christopher Hume: All contact to follow up let's scroll through these. Enroll in meta sequence let's just click on the first one.
Christopher Hume: She's saying he's enrolled already yes that's fucking great.
Christopher Hume: Okay yeah let's just see over the next day or so if everybody is enrolled then I'm a genius and I figured out how to automate it this weekend and so like if he's already enrolled do you have a task that says call J like let's see?
Christopher Hume: Yeah you do perfect okay so it looks like. We might have figured this out. I hope we I figured this out so if these keep coming in like let's say until Wednesday if every time it tells you to enroll someone they're already enrolled we're good I'll kill that sequence and you'll stop seeing those those those tasks.
Jack Waugh: Okay yeah that makes sense. I'll I'll keep an eye on those and I'll definitely check even if they're already enrolled I'll make sure I check for those first when I'm going through these just because those are.
Jack Waugh: You know highest value best yeah.
Christopher Hume: Anything else I help with Jack.
Jack Waugh: No no I looked over the bonus stuff so we're we're all good there.
Christopher Hume: S going to be a fun two weeks I'll probably be checking in with you a little more than usual because I'll be running that report every couple of days just to see what's going on. Just yeah not a reflection on you at all this is just something I want to get right and just either kill because kind of a pain in the ass to manage or just scale to infinity like we could spend so much money on this just like getting leads and like turning this into a whole engine so I'm pretty stoked I think this could there could be something here. Thanks Jeff you need anything let me know and as always don't hesitate to double slack me I'm kind of running around like a like a chewing my head cut off so if you need something urgent just double slack or even just slack call me we'll get it resolved okay yeah no problem.
Jack Waugh: Talk to you later thanks Chris.