Christopher Hume: Going on too right now.
Jack Waugh: Yeah, it just took a dive all of a sudden as it cold up there.
Christopher Hume: Oh, it got cold by you?
Jack Waugh: Yeah, for US it's like 37 degrees right now, and it was just.
Christopher Hume: No, it's still really warm here, but it's very windy, so I guess we're going to get clobbered next.
Jack Waugh: Yeah, we did get a storm. Last night that came through, so maybe you guys are getting some of that.
Christopher Hume: Yep, yep, yep. Like the guvvies. The federal employees, I think, were told not to take half days today. As text my old boss. Like, holy shit. It's kind of scary. Okay. How are things going?
Jack Waugh: So far, so good. Really? Just loaded in the lists. And did some of the Hub spot. Tasks today, so keep you posted there. Nothing too new to report on that front. Just because I haven't worked too much today yet. But I'm working most of the afternoon, so I can keep you posted there.
Christopher Hume: Yeah, I think. Let me see something. So I think, yeah, just keep chugging along. So make sure. Are you good with. You still have quite a few calls and stuff to make via. The new list, correct?
Jack Waugh: With the npez list, you mean?
Christopher Hume: Sorry. HubSpot. Yeah. You're not starting to run out of people yet, correct?
Jack Waugh: No, I think there's maybe, like, 15 items in a sequence or something like that. So I think I still have a good bit of Runway left with that. Today there are at least 25 people, if not more. Is there a point where you want me to. Tell you. Flag it.
Christopher Hume: I think it's just I need to get you more people in the next couple days. I was hoping to have them for you today, but Arian wasn't working this weekend and I'm just a little concerned. Nothing that you've done, but. Just our rate right now, like our click through rate is brutal. On these emails, and I don't know why that is.
Jack Waugh: Yeah, I noticed. People are more likely to pick up, I think, when they open the email. Yes.
Christopher Hume: I mean, that's the whole point, right, is that it's like a multi step thing. Have you had any conversations with people from this.
Jack Waugh: I've had. Well, if you can call it a conversation. Very short conversations, I would say. But it's not like an overly high connect rate. I wouldn't say I might reach one person per time that I call through. Not great. I don't know. Could be worse, I guess. But they want to know what's the bottom line. Why are you calling me? So I'm going to start tweaking it. I have some different things I was going to try. To see if I could. Get the elevator pitch a little bit quicker. And if you have any thoughts, let me know. Definitely. Happy to try stuff out.
Christopher Hume: Yeah. No. I'm just. Freaking brutal. You had one woman respond to you. It looks like Emily.
Jack Waugh: Hinder lighter. Via email, but I think she wasn't involved, so she gave me a number to call. And I did call, but I don't think I ever got through to their billing.
Christopher Hume: Yeah, I think we set to see what happens here, Jack. The other thing, it actually has to get done today is I'm going to start piping you warm leads. Absolutely. Let me show you the freaking message I got from one of our lovely, warm leads this morning. This guy filled out a form. On facebook. And was like, please give me more information. And let me tell you the joy he bestowed on me. Thank you. Come on.
Jack Waugh: Chris from johnson. Scammer.
Christopher Hume: Dude, you literally were like, please give me more information about your product. This is the one time I'm not in the gray zone. This is actually allowed?
Jack Waugh: It's the only time where it's actually. Yeah. That's so bizarre. I don't understand why people would reach out and then be like, hey, stop.
Christopher Hume: I think that these are people who are so Facebook pilled, some of them don't even realize they're giving all their info. They're like clicking on ads. They don't even like this other guy, he's like, now's not a good time. No problem. No problem. Like one works. He's like, how about noon on Saturday? I'm like, I'm dedicated to this. We got to crack the code. You got it, buddy. Noon on Saturday. So I'm kind of tongue in cheek here. The leads are a lot better when they're warm. I. Booked two meetings. I had someone else commit to booking a meeting. Which probably won't, and that was out of. Like, maybe 15 calls. So what I'm going to do is set up a sequence that automatically pipes those into you. I'll probably slip them between you and John, and so you'll just see those in. Your tasks. We'll just have to see how they show up. Just so you know that it's a different pitch. It's like, hey, I was just calling you, ask for more info. And that actually does make it hard for them to hang up on you. What's jot. Psych. I don't. I don't have time for this. And, like. Well, actually, you requested more information this weekend. Like, is that correct? Where the AI scribe you wanted to learn a little bit more about like. I'm just calling it. Offer some info. And then they usually are like, Oh, and sometimes they get pissy and call your scammer, but, like, it's been okay.
Jack Waugh: Could be worse. Could be worse.
Christopher Hume: It'd be worse. Okay. I feel like we talk. We're talking a lot, Jack. So I feel like I have a pretty good pulse on what's going on here. You're doing God's work with Mpez. I haven't moved you to two people ones yet.
Jack Waugh: Just because.
Christopher Hume: Those are the people that you've been actually we enriched. And then you're calling through the HubSpot, so that's why those are still solos. We will eventually move you to some front desks at clinics, just, like, see what happens. Anything else from, like, a tactical standpoint?
Jack Waugh: Nothing else tactically, really. Just if you have ideas on. On the script, I think, for the HubSpot.
Christopher Hume: How quickly do you offer the. The discount, the free thing?
Jack Waugh: I haven't even been able to get through the first line with most of the people in the HubSpot. So once I tell them we're a revenue cycle, Meant.
Christopher Hume: Let's try. If we start like, hi, I'm Jack from JOT Psych. We're a startup offering free billing analyses to behavioral health clinics. We're trying to make our name in the space. Would you be interested? And let's. So when I was in grad school, the thing that was. Crazy is like anyone is willing to talk to a student. You can get in touch with crazy people. So let's see if we can. Try and, like, play up that we're, like, a young startup. Like, would you be interested in a, you know, hey, like. And let me. Yeah, that would be our recommendation. Like, hey, I'm with Jots, like a startup. We're trying to build a brand in the space, and we're calling behavioral health clinics to offer free billing analysis. Would you be interested? And then like, what the hell is jot sag? And then you can go into. Well, we start off as an AI scribe. We realize how much better we understood it. We saw. I think that's going to be like the pivot, like, let's try that.
Jack Waugh: Okay?
Christopher Hume: Does that intuitively seem to. Better align with something that would work for you. Yeah.
Jack Waugh: Yeah. I mean it. I don't see why not. I can try. I can kind of ab it, too.
Christopher Hume: Yeah.
Jack Waugh: Yeah. I can do this. I can do another. That I was kind of messing around with and just. We can just see what works, basically.
Christopher Hume: And the other thing? You have the bandwidth to take on these warm leads? Partly, like we need to figure out form leads work, but I also want to make sure that, like, as you're doing the yeoman's work of trying to crack the cold call, not that you also have some people that are like going to be a little easier to convert. So do you have the bandwidth there? For that. Are you comfortable with me piping those in?
Jack Waugh: Yeah, it should be ok. Do you know what, like, it's looking like in terms of volume? Like volume or like, increased hour number for that?
Christopher Hume: I would just say these are going to get hot and we'd want you to go through your HubSpot task entirely before you move to npez. You get to. A point where you're like, I can't get through my HubSpot task in a day. Then, like. And Pez. I just want to be, like, bonus. It's a time for you to practice. It's a time for you to maybe get some revenue. But I just don't think there's going to be a big fish in HubSpot in npez. So I see it as soon as you can't do MPES anymore. You're like. Just let me know and I'll stop piping them toward you.
Jack Waugh: Okay? Yeah. I mean, it should be fine. I think if you want to give me the warm leads, you know, the npez, it's not like we're in a rush to get those, so.
Christopher Hume: Yeah, they're not going anywhere. Right?
Christopher Hume: So let me just pull up. Let me find this. How's your day been so far? Were you doing music stuff in the morning?
Jack Waugh: It's been good. Let's see. I know I worked out, Went to the gym this morning.
Christopher Hume: That's also very good.
Jack Waugh: Tried to get my midday workout in, you know, just off. How about you?
Christopher Hume: Lot to catch up on after a few last week, let me tell you.
Jack Waugh: Oh, I'm sure.
Christopher Hume: Very displeased customer this morning for some stuff.
Jack Waugh: Was the retreat.
Christopher Hume: Yeah, it was really awesome getting on a call, like a check in call and getting, like, kind of. Not so not so happy people. So let me show you kind of what we're working with, Jack, and then I'll tell you, like, what we're thinking. So in the past half week, We've gotten about 40 people. Submit their names for more information.
Jack Waugh: Okay?
Christopher Hume: I think initially we're going to have you call everyone. Just to see if it's a good use of time. But after the first few weeks, I think I'm only going to want you to call groups. So if they're a solo provider, like, it's probably not worth our time for you to call.
Jack Waugh: Okay?
Christopher Hume: But. So it's going to be, I don't know, somewhere in the vicinity of. I don't know, 40 to 60 leads a week. And I'll probably split those between you and John. So I would expect, like, middle of the bell curve, you'll be getting extra 30 leads a week. Each one, you'll be doing, like, I don't know, seven calls and a couple texts. Too.
Jack Waugh: Okay? Makes sense.
Christopher Hume: Oh, my God. Sorry. Our assistant just messaged me saying that someone from Facebook Marketplace is coming to buy some furniture from me. The joys of startups. Okay, then the other thing. I still owe you the spreadsheet. But I did want to let you know so you can start doing calculations yourself that right now. Coal are cold to meeting. It's not cold meeting book. But our meeting book to converted rate MSA is 20. Whatever. Nate said 23. 25%. So when you're doing your calculations, As you're like, hey, Chris, this is good. Hey, Chris, this doesn't look good. That. 's a reasonable number to start from. I don't have intuition on whether cold. Or my instinct is that. Yeah. Like I don't have intuition here. Like, is cold going to be a situation where it's harder to book the meeting? But when you do book the meeting, it's more likely that it converts because they have no social connection. Or is it like they have no social connection so they'll show up to a meeting, but they don't trust you? So I'd say, like, that's a fair starting point for some of your calculations there.
Jack Waugh: I do have a question, but.
Christopher Hume: No, no, no, no. Let's do it first. I was going back to tactical stuff.
Jack Waugh: Yeah. So I did just. This is just my quick math because I still have look at the chart. So I was seeing at that number if it's 675 is what we're getting on. I think it was 6 75, right?
Christopher Hume: Yeah, that sounds about right. 150% if you. Yeah, yeah.
Jack Waugh: So that would take a little over four deals close per month for, like, to break even with where I was at before. But on our current rate, that would mean we need, like, 17 meetings booked per month to convert that. So I'm. I'm trying to figure out how that's going to work, because I know you had mentioned you didn't want us to take a haircut on this, so I'm just trying. To like.
Christopher Hume: Yeah, yeah, no, that's very fair. And so I. I think we also want to calculate. We need to see what's going on with warm leads as well. Just to kind of make sure that that's. And that's why I want to make sure those get piped into you. Yeah, I think. Yeah, sorry. I just kind of thinking through the math here. So you. You already did the calculations with the 23%?
Jack Waugh: Yeah, I mean, this is a rough grounding, basically. I could do a more precise one, but, yeah, it's like, I mean, you know, if you just said 675 times 4, that's a little under what I was. My average month was before. Which I think. I think you said it was 2950. Right.
Christopher Hume: Your average last three months, I think.
Jack Waugh: So I was just thinking. Okay, well, for. Again, slightly under, but just. Just about. I think it's like 4.3, technically. So you would need to book 17 meetings to convert. That to equal that same. You know what I'm saying?
Christopher Hume: Yeah, that's fair feedback and it's heard, I think. The kind of. And it's not like a point counterpoint, because I hope I've made it very clear that my whole goal is that, like, everyone gets paid. I think we were very much on the super high end in terms of comp for those first few months, especially because, like, I want to make sure as you guys are kind of being asked to do a lot, that you're compensated. Yeah. That there's, like, a premium there. And so I want to make sure that you can kind of continue to earn at the rate you're accustomed to. But I just like to be completely frank. I think we were probably a little outside of normal comp bands for kind of the. Yeah, just kind of for the. For doing. Warm or paused. Leads or prospects. That said, I'm open to feedback here, so let me get you the sheet. So you have like. You're like, hey, this is what I did, did the math. Considering warm leads as well. It's still, like, I want to be at this number and I'm not. But I think just in terms of, like, complete candor, we were super high the first three months, which is super cool. Like, that's awesome. But I think, yeah, that's just something to be aware. Of. And, like, we want you to be like, the sky is the limit. But I just don't know if a rate coming out to 75 an hour can be, like, a baseline expectation. That's, like, should certainly be a stretch goal. So I know this probably not super satisfying conversation right now, but open the feedback now or this week.
Jack Waugh: Well, you know, I'm. I'm going off of what you've been telling me. You didn't want us to take a haircut on this, so that's where I'm trying to figure out how these numbers are kind of.
Christopher Hume: Okay, no, that. That's super fair, Jack. So if you think. I'm being unreasonable here. That's super fair. Yeah. I mean. There's not going to be an adjustment that's making a huge change without. Tons of. Without warning. And I think that's sort of why making sure that last month and this month, we're kind of taking, taking care of you guys to make sure, hey, as things change, there's just going to be discretionary bonus to make sure you kind of. But that's fair feedback. I mean. So how would you like to proceed? I'm happy to kind of have conversation now. I'm happy to send you all the data and then kind of have a formal conversation about this. What would be the best outcome for you, Jack?
Jack Waugh: Well. I'm trying to think of.
Jack Waugh: I'm trying to think of options so we could figure out something, because I, you know. I mean, would you be opposed to doing, like, if we had some sort of minimum, so that way it doesn't feel like we're, you know, I'm getting, like, a. Basically a third of my commission to do a higher role. With, like, more responsibilities.
Christopher Hume: So what kind of. Yeah, what kind of. Sort of baseline would kind of.
Jack Waugh: I mean, it doesn't have to be 29, 50, but, like, I was just going to say, like, even. So, like, on average. Just with, like, jot Psych sales, I was doing about eight per month. So I feel like that's a pretty reasonable baseline for that. And then the hope being that I can still, you know, exceed that and we can bring in more.
Christopher Hume: Yeah. So 8 times 150.
Jack Waugh: Like 8 times 3. Because that was when you were. Yeah, yeah. I'm gonna.
Christopher Hume: I mean. Yeah. These are conversations we need to have as we redo the comp structure, so herd. As a request, I'd like to be completely honest. Like a $2,400 baseline is or not baseline, but kind of guarantee is probably a little high. But that said, I don't want to in any way. Kind of underestimate the great work you've done and kind of how many people you brought in the door. So, I mean, to be frank, this is kind of a cop out, but I'm going to think on. On this. I'm going to come up with my recommendation. And at this point, it's something that would have to be kind of. I'd have to clear with Nate and Jackson because I kind of. Did the whole rigmarole with them the first time. But that said, completely heard it's fair feedback and my apologies if I was kind of unclear or mealy mouthed.
Christopher Hume: And so if, like, yeah, I mean, again, we're going to make sure you're whole in March. That's like, not the goal is for you ever to be working, not knowing what the expectation is. And then we can kind of clear this up. Your feedback's heard. Take it kind of see what we can do there, and then I'll get back to you this. This week.
Jack Waugh: Okay? Sounds good.
Christopher Hume: Cool. Anything else I feel like want to make sure. Definitely. Any other thoughts, concerns, comments you have there? Happy to to take now and integrate those into my recommendation to them and then kind of whenever we have that back and forth, me and them that I'm sharing the appropriate feedback.
Jack Waugh: No, I mean, if you have a chance to send me the chart, you know, I can look more precisely, but I think that's pretty much right. From what I was seeing.
Jack Waugh: But yeah, not. Not for now.
Christopher Hume: Okay. If you have any other thoughts, comments, questions, let me know. And then, yeah, I'll talk to them. Whenever I can in the travel this week. And let's have something on the calendar to, like, hold me accountable for Friday, to kind of put a bow on this one way or another. Let me see what time works for you on Friday, Jack. Oh, my God. You meeting with Dr. Doss?
Jack Waugh: Yeah. We'll see, hopefully. That that happens. Oh, I guess that's during our we call, so if that's. It may not happen, but we'll see. I mean, really, like, anytime, I guess. Could you do, like, 130 Eastern?
Christopher Hume: Let me see. Yeah, most def. I'm going. Get down the calendar.
Jack Waugh: Okay.
Christopher Hume: Great. If you need. If you need anything else before that meeting or you think of anything else that you want to make sure is top of mind for me, just let me know. Yeah. Just want to make sure lines of communication are open. No, no surprise or anything like that.
Christopher Hume: Okay, sounds good. You the man, jack.
Jack Waugh: Thanks, chris.
Christopher Hume: Appreciate it.