Nathan Peereboom: Oh, nice to meet you too. I'm glad that Caroline connected us.
Ben Maskell: Yeah, me too. I mean I. Caroline's like the one person I know in D.C. who's kind of in the startup tech scene, if you will.
Ben Maskell: She is, she's like the connector. So I was like, who do you know who I should speak to? Because I, I've been working remotely since 2019 and like, it's great, but I'm kind of starting to lose faith a little bit in like remote first larger companies. So I'm like, maybe I can find a company locally where I can actually like meet the person and like spend time with them.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, totally. Well, we are actually moving up to, to New York in the next two months. So we're about to be a small company but also not that local. But that said, like, I would love to be like a resource to you and like understand what you're looking for and all that jazz. Yeah. So I'll follow your lead here. Like this is your time. How can it be helpful? Maybe like an introduction would be good. Just so I understand. Yeah. Just where you're coming from.
Ben Maskell: So my, my background is clinical psychology and data science. Unique, I guess. And I, I pivoted to tech like seven years ago and I've been working at a behavioral health tech startup called Hazel Health for the last two years.
Nathan Peereboom: Sweet.
Ben Maskell: It's like, it's like school based telehealth. We're like in 16, 17 states now, huge operations. And I've been in a data science role and it's fascinating. I mean it's like, it's like the perfect Venn diagram of what I'm looking for. Like tech and behavioral health.
Ben Maskell: Yeah, but it's such a, like the unit economics of telehealth is, are like grueling, you know, like we're getting killed because like, like reimbursement rates like are vary by state. Like we have our own W2 providers and like trying to get them like utilized effectively across different states is a big challenge.
Nathan Peereboom: It's really hard. Yeah.
Ben Maskell: So I feel like, and like at Hazel, like we're trying to solve everything. Like we're trying to solve the scheduling thing, we're trying to solve like the clinical notes thing, we're trying to solve like RCM thing. And it's like I don't think these are all possible to solve with sort of like a generalist internal team. So what I'm looking for really is let's find a company that tries to do one of those things.
Ben Maskell: And I want to work there.
Nathan Peereboom: And that's why I like this.
Ben Maskell: And I'm sort of agnostic about the thing. I don't really think. Like, I think the clinical notes thing is a fascinating one because of my clinical background and because I've been involved in RCM and trying to like, Bill effectively and like. And that's all tied together, obviously. Anyway, that's a really discursive description, but that's where I've been the last couple years, just trying to solve problems in the behavioral health tech space.
Nathan Peereboom: Very cool. Okay, what are the, I guess, what are your uncertainties about the next. The next, I guess, place for you or the next move that you're trying to make? Because it sounds like you actually have a pretty strong theory of the space and like, even the organizational attribute that you're looking for, which is like, focus on like a single domain.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, Single subdomain. Not a domain. A subdomain. Yeah. Say, like, I'm curious, like, like what you're trying to reduce, I guess, uncertainty or risk around right now.
Ben Maskell: I mean, I don't. I. I think. I mean, there's a. Like, I want to reduce the risk of like, the company going bankrupt, like, joining a company and, and watching it go bankrupt. Like, I mean, like, I'm. I'm not sold that like, a generalist behavioral health company can do it right now in the tech space.
Ben Maskell: So, like, I want to kind of reduce the uncertainty around that company. Like disappearing, running out of cash, burning through VC and just like, disappearing. Like, I want to. I want to kind of. I believe in the space. I believe there's like, tremendous need. Like, it's insane how the market grabbed this solution and was like, yes, we need this desperately. Like, rural schools with not even one clinical provider, you know, have so much access. And so telehealth was the solution for them. So I'm like, totally sold on the need, totally sold on the problem. I just think, like, there hasn't been a very good tech solution yet.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, what would you do if you ran Hazel Health? What would you do? Like, what would be your move? Because I presume that you shut it down.
Ben Maskell: Well, I mean, what. What we are doing is like, retrenching. Like, we expanded so quickly and we. And we just kind of like rode the wave of like, federal funding, like Esser and other things to like, a massive market, one that we couldn't really deliver, we couldn't really operate it. And like, our CPO called it scale theatrics because it was like we were growing and like, all the numbers were going up and to the right, like the right direction. But, like, there was no operations to meet the demand. So we have to, like, come back to, like, a couple different markets and just, like, retrench, nail it operationally. And whether that's AI, which is, like, all I'm doing right now.
Ben Maskell: I'm trying to, like, figure out how to be the many engineers who we've had to lay off.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah.
Ben Maskell: With, like, Claude, like, and cursor. Like, I'm like. I went from, like, asking people to submit PRs to, like, submitting, like. 60% of our PRs from our team. So, I mean, I just think, like, there's a way to do this, but we can't do it at scale. Like, we have to figure out in kind of a smaller market, in a market where we have contracts with payers, where we can get reimbursed at a rate where we're not, like, losing money on every single visit we deliver. Because, like, 60 of our markets were in the red for every visit we deliver, which is insane.
Nathan Peereboom: Got it. What is. If you really had to put a pin on it, like, what is the operational constraint? Because maybe I don't. Maybe I don't understand enough about the business model to understand the operational constraint. Is it. Is it all about clinician utilization? Like, is that the thing, like, you guys are paying more salary than you're taking? Yeah. What's the operational problem?
Ben Maskell: I mean, I think that's the biggest one. I think, like, operating in the school environment are kind of like top of the funnel. Demand comes through school referrers. And so the conversion rates for those referrals is really low because a lot of times, like, parents don't even know their son or daughter is being referred. So.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah.
Ben Maskell: So not only do we have, like, really low conversion rates, we have, like, crazy missed visit rates. So, like, we do do a lot of work and making sure that our therapists are getting utilized, but on top of that, we have like a 30, 35% miss missed visit rate. So all the operations that roll up to that outcome of getting a kick to care, I think is. Is one big bucket, and then the second big bucket is like, how do we get reimbursed? And RCM is like a something that's been solved, I think, like, in many different areas, but we haven't solved it because I think of the operational complexities of, like, making sure our providers are licensed in the states we operate in are, you know, enrolled, credentialed with the payers we have contracts with. Like, that whole part of things is just like an operational quagmire and then doing that, like, state by state by state, where each set of rules and regulations are slightly different. So I would say those are the two big operational quagmires.
Nathan Peereboom: Interesting. Okay, cool. So if you ran Hazel Health, like, what would you do? Would you outsource part of it? Like, you're like, would you. Is there some kind of policy that is just not working from a reimbursement perspective? Like, do you guys. Should you be charging every single patient that doesn't show, like, what, what is the thing?
Ben Maskell: I think, I mean, you've hit it like. I think it's like, it's, it's, it's moving to 1099s from W2S. It's like making our employment model a whole lot more flexible than it is currently, because we have a lot of just like, capacity that sits unused if we can't activate demand at the schools. But then, yeah, it's, it's, it's being a little more heavy handed with our patients in terms of co pays, in terms of missed visit fees.
Ben Maskell: All of that stuff was sort of dismissed early on because we want it to be accessible to all. We wanted to have no cost to families at all, but it's just not. Sustainable.
Nathan Peereboom: Interesting. So you mentioned that you're doing, like, PRs now. What does that look like? I mean, I know that you were a senior product manager. Now you're at least entitled. Like a data scientist.
Ben Maskell: Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: What. What do you do? Like, what's your. What's your shtick?
Ben Maskell: I manage the DVD DBT repo. So, like, all our models, we were a data team of like, ten. Now we're one and a half. So, yeah, I got the repo. So, like, any reporting changes, any sort of methodological changes come down to me. I update the marks, update all the layers down to the source systems. That's primarily it. I think the product title was always sort of a misnomer. Like, I was always just kind of like, on the data team. I think the idea was to sort of. We'd invested all this time in modeling data. Like, how do we productize that output?
Nathan Peereboom: Like, we have all these models.
Ben Maskell: We can actually tell you exactly what's going on in the business, which is a tremendous accomplishment with high fidelity. But how do we get that? How do we get that into the product? How do we get that? Like, internal products, so, like, executives see it, et cetera. Yeah. And I mean, then the other big thing is, like, we've recently acquired a couple companies and their data models are sort of a mess. So it's like a lot of it is just getting their models or getting their data into DBT and modeling it up through our layers.
Nathan Peereboom: Right. Okay. Interesting. Is that something that you want to continue to be participatory in, in your next. In your next role?
Ben Maskell: It's a great question. I mean, I, like, would have never thought I'd say this, but I think it is. I mean, I think, like, I've leveled up so much just by virtue of necessity, you know, that I. That I never would have at a different or a bigger company where there's like, I could have just shuttled it off to somebody else, like.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah.
Ben Maskell: And I don't want to lose that because, like, gives you so much more context about, like, where this information is coming from. So, yeah, I think I want to keep doing it. It's just like. It's just a matter of, like, am I good enough to make this, like, my primary thing or is this, like, hybrid sort of like, pm? I don't even. AI empowered Data science pm. Like, is there, like, a new kind of role as engineers get too expensive or when your engineers are, like, unwilling to adopt new processes? I don't know. But I think, to answer your question, I think yes, I do want to keep doing it.
Nathan Peereboom: Interesting. Okay. What other, like, companies are you looking at right now that you feel super excited about?
Ben Maskell: I mean, I. I'm still, like, working crazy hours, so I really haven't, like, done a. Like, I'm talking to Cartwheel. I'm talking to Daybreak. I'm talking to companies that kind of do sort of what Hazel does, which is fine. I just. I do think that going back to that point, solution thing, I think, like, I'd be much happier with that if I find it.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, cool. Cool. That's super. Okay. Yeah, that makes sense. Well, look, I mean, I. I'm. I'm also just, like, curious about. I mean, I think you. You probably reached out to Caroline and were like, hey, how did it work? Did Caroline say, like, oh, I want to connect you guys? Or did you reach out to Caroline and then she put us in touch? Like, how.
Nathan Peereboom: What was the path here?
Ben Maskell: I didn't. I didn't know. I. I reached out to her, and I was like, do you know anybody interesting in this field who I should speak to? And she immediately thought to you. So I hadn't identified you before talking to her.
Nathan Peereboom: Sweet. Okay, cool. So when you've been doing these conversations, like, what have you. What have you, like, heard that's changed your perspective about either your own professional strategy, how the space is changing, all that jazz.
Ben Maskell: I mean, full disclosure, you're probably, like, my second conversation, so I can't say I know much yet. I have a conversation with Cartwheel and Daybreak, like. Like an actual, real conversation, not just, like a text thread with people I know there coming up. And I mean, I just. Like, what I would love to do is go to them and just be frank and be like, look like the unit economics are broken. Like, how do. How. How are you fixing them? Like, is this something that's on your radar? Like, I want to know if those generalist companies know something that Hazel doesn't and are willing to share it. Of course, before I, like, totally write that off, because I do, like, get a lot of satisfaction by knowing that, like, you know, like, I just wrote this with Claude help, like, this algorithm to reschedule 2000 kids because their providers were laid off. Like that. That kind of, like, direct connection to therapy is exciting. So I think, like, I don't want to totally dismiss that, but we'll see after a few more conversations.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. Do you, like, do you feel like you have a contrarian or, like, a kind of at market view of this?
Ben Maskell: That's a great question. I don't. I would be shocked if I had a contrarian viewpoint. Like, I don't understand how this is not sort of afflicting every behavioral health provider at scale. Like, I don't. I don't. Understand. I don't. I mean, unless there's just, like, a model that I'm not aware of. Like, I've heard of so many different sort of iterations of the model that have not worked.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah.
Ben Maskell: And, you know, the same sort of operational challenges that we faced. So I would be shocked if I had a contrarian viewpoint. I think there's, like, a. Of like an existential threat, or at least a perceived one to this sort of business. This, like, behavioral telehealth, maybe specifically in schools. Like.
Nathan Peereboom: That's right.
Ben Maskell: That's. That's the piece that I think I'm. I'm calling it the Generalist approach, but it's actually a pretty nuanced, like, market, I guess, pretty targeted market, so. And Daybreak and Cartwheel both operate in that same market, so.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, no, totally interesting. Well, listen, Ben, how can I be helpful? I mean, I want to be a resource to you, of course. Like what. What are you looking for right now?
Ben Maskell: I mean, I'd love to hear about your company. I'd also just love to hear your take on the space generally.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, yeah. So we are so jot psych. Well, what do you know about jot psych? Because I don't want to repeat something that you're.
Ben Maskell: I mean, I've like from your website, I haven't. Okay, yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: So our view, and you're probably not going to like this, is just that we can and should be the single spinal cord software for clinics. So we do rcm, we do E prescription, we do scribing, we function as an ehr. And our belief is that doing all that in a really coherent, agentic way is possible in this new world of AI. And so that. That is the mission. The mission is we want to unite the medical and the billing worlds under one roof and in uniting them, make both of them a lot better. So we serve mostly like small psychiatric practices. Five to 20 people in the practice. A lot of them are run by nurse practitioners who were solo or were employees and then kind of struck out on their own. And yeah, that's, you know, we started the company three years ago, was general medical at first, and then we specialized in behavioral health just kind of out of necessity. Like, once we priced it, we were just like, behavioral health is like the most attractive place for us. And so, yeah, I mean, I think my view of this space is that my contrarian view of the space, off the record, is that I think a lot of medication management is going to be automated away. I think that there's going to be a lot of room for. And you see this already with like, hims and hers, less so in pediatric care, of course, but for sure, like with adults, I think people, like a lot of these visits are like five to 10 minutes. It's really just like ripping through a list of questions. And I think what people really want is like, psychotherapy. And that probably will continue to be primarily human delivered. But yeah, I think that my contrarian view is that I think automation of the care delivery is going to be like on a faster timeline than I think a lot of people believe. Which is obviously kind of bearish for clinician reimbursement and things like that, but.
Ben Maskell: Right.
Nathan Peereboom: But that would be. You know, I also kind of had the sense that clinicians do struggle a lot with just, like, the paperwork of, like, credentialing and, you know, and all that. And so figuring out how to agentically crack credentialing, I think is also going to be, like, huge.
Ben Maskell: That is literally, like, on my list of things to do.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah.
Ben Maskell: Because we don't. Like, our credentialing is where the. The greatest funnel fallout happens. If you think about the billing funnel, credentialing is where the majority fall out. The majority of claims fall out.
Nathan Peereboom: Like, they're not credentialed.
Ben Maskell: Yeah. We can't. Like, the delivering provider was not. The rendering provider was not credentialed with that particular plan. With the patient's plan.
Nathan Peereboom: That's the majority of denials that you guys get.
Ben Maskell: It's the. It's not even. Doesn't even reach the denial stage. It's like, we can't. They just, like, are in our queue until we can figure out how to verify credentialing.
Nathan Peereboom: Why would you see a patient if you couldn't verify the credentialing?
Ben Maskell: Because we have this, like, approach to just see everyone, regardless of insurance status, which is one of those things like that we're trying to walk back a little bit, like, doing the verification upfront pre visit, so we don't have. We don't get in the situation where we're like, oh, my gosh, this doesn't.
Ben Maskell: You guys don't do eligibility checks?
Nathan Peereboom: Like, you just.
Ben Maskell: We literally just moved it previously.
Nathan Peereboom: Wow.
Ben Maskell: I know. I mean, like, it's been, like, almost like a nonprofit. We've been, like, running this thing like a nonprofit.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. Which is fine, I guess. I mean, that. That can work if the goal is just scale and customers and all that. Yeah, exactly. Really interesting. So how are you guys doing eligibility? Are you doing that in house? Are you, like, hiring out for it? Same with conventional.
Ben Maskell: Yeah, Steady.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay. Yeah, we use steady.
Ben Maskell: Yeah. And that's made our verification rates way, way higher. I mean, obviously, like, we didn't. We didn't use anything like that before. We've also kind of cycled through RCM systems, which has been a pain in the ass. Like, we've gone from apparel to Athena, and now we're going to Cadence.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay.
Ben Maskell: And obviously, like, that's not been helpful for billing, but, I mean, I think, like, what you've hit on is like, like, the spine. That's exactly what we need. We've also cycled through EHRs, so we're, like, cycling through two things that need to talk to each other in parallel. So we've, like, we had a homegrown ehr, now we're moving to healthy.
Ben Maskell: Okay, so it's like this holistic solution would make our lives so much easier, because a lot of my time is just spent trying to make sure that the data coming off ehr. Like landing in the RCM and then vice versa. Like it's all moving correctly and when you have like different naming conventions for all those different systems, it's just like, it's a mess.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, yeah. Interesting. Do you guys use AI scribes? Is that part of your stack?
Ben Maskell: No, I mean, we haven't. I feel like there's been a couple pilots here and there, but nothing's gotten off the ground.
Nathan Peereboom: Do you know why?
Ben Maskell: I don't.
Nathan Peereboom: That's interesting because it's you guys.
Ben Maskell: Because there is like a CPT code associated with chart. Like submitting a chart. Right. So there's like a. I remember, I'm trying to think of the team who was working on this, but they had like a built in revenue kind of justification behind bringing on AI scribe. Gosh. I'm trying to remember the vendor we. Blue Bot. Yeah. But no, nothing's ever gotten off the ground.
Nathan Peereboom: Interesting, interesting. Is that something that you guys feel like as an organization you would be like interested in looking at if it changed reimbursement rates?
Ben Maskell: Oh, yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: Really?
Ben Maskell: Yeah, for sure.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. So you mentioned. Okay, so there's. It sounds like there's like three problems going on for you guys. There's the no show rate, that's 30. There's credentialing, slash like eligibility stuff. That's a big chunk. And then do you have like the. Do you have any problem with reimbursement based on CPT code? Like once you guys submit a CPT code thing, do you get the money back or is there a problem there as well?
Ben Maskell: There's definitely a problem there. I mean, I think. Gosh. Trying to remember the billing funnel. I mean, I'm pretty sure we're only at like if you take top of the funnel, all visit bills created were only at like 34. Paid and collected 35. Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: Huh.
Nathan Peereboom: I mean that's. That's pretty bad.
Ben Maskell: That's like very.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, but what's going wrong? Are you guys just not submitting the right claims? Like, I'm like a little confused.
Ben Maskell: I think it's. I mean, I think it's mostly because we're like accepting people on the front end who like, there's a chunk who don't have insurance at all. There's a chunk who submit insurance that we can't verify. So I do think it's like insurance quality that we're getting or like the absence of insurance entirely. Yeah, I think it's like this. The contracting team and credentialing teams are just getting outrun by growth. So like we'll enter a new market, start, like, pulling in thousands of referrals. And the contracting team doesn't even have an agreement in place with the. With the majority plans in that state. So it's just like. It's just sort of like an operational mess. Like, I. I'm pretty sure if we could retrench, get into, like, a couple promising markets where we have, like, existing, you know, reimbursement rates that. That allow us to make money per visit. All those numbers would go in the right direction. So I think it just requires getting small again.
Nathan Peereboom: Interesting. If you guys were looking at a solution that like helped with some of this, like, would you be like the decision maker on it? Like, are you.
Ben Maskell: I mean the cpo.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah.
Ben Maskell: Who I report to would be a decision maker. But it's all AI. Like right now it's all AI. Like any solution that we can kind of bring forth that's AI powered, that will like has an appreciable impact on revenue or something. One of the major problems. Revenue being the primary one.
Ben Maskell: Yeah, I mean they'd be interested.
Nathan Peereboom: Interesting.
Ben Maskell: But it really is. Right now we're just like putting on fires.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah.
Ben Maskell: I'm like rescheduling 2,000 kids because we just look like their providers are gone.
Nathan Peereboom: So their providers are gone.
Ben Maskell: It's like a, it's a, it's a mostly churn, like provider basically.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Ben Maskell: It's mostly just they're fed up with like caseloads that are insane, plus like a 30 cancellation rate.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, Well, I mean I'll just like give you a little glance at like how we've built our thing just in case it's interesting to you.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, so we do, I mean it's not a hundred percent telehealth, but it's definitely like mostly telehealth. But our system's really, really simple. Like you come in, you do a recording and then you get a, a note. And what's great about the note is, you know, it's structured like, like all your notes are. You can create templates, you can see eligibility up here. So we show you if it's eligible, we audit the note. So you know, like what you can bill, what you should bill, and then we show you what you're missing in the document should that be a problem. The clinic can centrally identify all the rules by which their clinic notes are, you know, evaluated. So you can add in, you know, you can create rules, you can give us hair docs and then we'll like grade every note so that you can see when you go to encounters, like what's being billed, how compliant it is, all that jazz. And then you can bill directly through us, like we'll bill for you. You can also bill patients. Like when you go to a given note, you know, you can request a patient payment, you can write a follow up email, you can generate any document you could ever want. So like I need a like ADHD accommodation letter for this person, school and it'll just, like, generate that document based on the patient record. We can send labs, we can do forms. We now have E prescription. So it's pretty amazing. Like we've got like kind of the whole, the whole kit and caboodle and what we find is that people save roughly like two hours a day on documentation in general because there's all these like massive shortcuts that you're taking. And yeah, you can just run your practice on it. So. But it's also like a B2C style software. If people want that, like you could give it to each of your clinicians they could copy and paste into their ehr. One thing that we also offer is we offer like with this service called JOT Analysis, where we'll actually go and like analyze what's going on with all your claims, which is nice because it can dimensionalize, you know, where you're earning money, how you're earning money, where things are getting stuck, why they're getting stuck, what you could change to make it better. It sounds like you've got a pretty good understanding of that. But, but if you guys were ever interested in, in any of that, like, we'd be super stoked to like, you know, throw together something and, and just give you a test run on it.
Ben Maskell: Yeah, I mean, that's very cool. And who are your primary users of that? Is that like, do you have like RCM people in there? You have providers?
Nathan Peereboom: Like, it's mostly providers. Hey Ben, I'm so sorry, I have to run to a customer meeting.
Ben Maskell: No worries.
Nathan Peereboom: This has been awesome.
Nathan Peereboom: I'll follow up over email. And like, it sounds like you guys might be interested in seeing like a demo.
Ben Maskell: I mean, honestly, probably.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay.
Ben Maskell: Because that's what we're like in flux right now, so it's a good moment.
Nathan Peereboom: Amazing. Okay, great. Well, I, I'll reach out via email and we can touch base about this. Okay, cool.
Ben Maskell: Great to meet you, Nate.
Nathan Peereboom: Thank you. Great to meet you, Ben. Take care.