Becca Bressler: Hey, Anya.
Anya Nelson: Hey there. Can you hear me?
Becca Bressler: Yeah. Can you hear me okay?
Anya Nelson: Yeah.
Becca Bressler: Good morning. How are you?
Anya Nelson: Good. Doing good. There's a giant winter storm coming sometime soon, so I'm like.
Becca Bressler: But is it. I mean, this is such a dumb question, but, like, I feel like I've seen photo. So I'm supposed to be going to Florida on Sunday and I feel like I've seen, like, photos on Twitter of like, a storm. Is it the same one?
Anya Nelson: Basically, it's the one. I think it's like the south, mostly. I mean, it's definitely the east, but, like, primarily like the Southeast, I think.
Becca Bressler: But this is. It's the one that you guys are going to get hit with, is what you're saying.
Anya Nelson: Yeah. Yeah. I think it's like all one giant thing.
Becca Bressler: Yeah. I'm trying to figure out what to do about that. I haven't even booked my tickets yet, but I'm like,
Anya Nelson: I don't want to go on Sunday.
Becca Bressler: I'm. So I'm supposed to go on Sunday to shadow on Monday, but I don't want to book a ticket and then get it and then it get canceled and then I have to book for like, Monday at 6, 8. I'm just trying to like, most. Minimal amount of disruption.
Anya Nelson: Right?
Becca Bressler: Yeah. So something to sort out another time, but okay. I have a nine, so I kind of want to go through this.
Anya Nelson: Oh, yeah.
Becca Bressler: Before I get started, though, I'm talking about what I'd love for you to work on these next two days is jaw audit.
Becca Bressler: I think I put that in the calendar, so hopefully not surprising, but yeah. Is if you could put together like a loom. Walkthrough of your recorder stuff.
Anya Nelson: Because I.
Becca Bressler: And I was like, oh, interesting. I think especially because we're talking about like, progressive reveal and things that, like, are more in that vein. It might be helpful to get like a walkthrough from you. And one of the questions I have, and this isn't like, super high priority, like, if you could just do it in the next two days, that would be helpful. Yeah, but I think, like, one of the questions that I had that I would be curious about here, let me just, like, share my screen really quickly. Is because when I first looked at this, I was like, oh, that's like. This is like, really interesting to me because it.
Becca Bressler: Because it does achieve what we're talking about here, which is like tying all of these things to like, encounter type, basically. I think one of the questions it raised for me is like, what happens when you squish your window. Maybe this is here. Anyways, this is exactly why, like, a loom walkthrough would be helpful because. Or maybe this is what it looks like.
Anya Nelson: I think, like, because the first round or whatever that we did, like, last week, we talked about, like, vertical stacking and how, like, that could, like, basically just making the break point larger so that, like. Because right now, I think it's set to be, like, 800. It starts to stack. We just finish, like, a thousand to start to stack, which I don't think would be a big push for engineering. Just like, a thousand. Then it'll start doing that horizontally, and then that kind of allows the bar to be wider. So I think we could just follow that.
Becca Bressler: I see.
Becca Bressler: Like, you actually don't really need to end up stacking. Squishing this much because of the other.
Anya Nelson: We just break it.
Becca Bressler: Okay, got it. That's yeah, super interesting. Anyways, love if you could do that over the next couple days. But yeah, I'm like excited to dig into that and thank you for your work on that and turning around, you know, really quickly. And the. Okay, let me.
Anya Nelson: Do we have a loom account or is it like.
Becca Bressler: Oh, it's a great question. Someone does walk throughs on this team or Cluso. I can find out if there's like.
Anya Nelson: Okay, cool.
Becca Bressler: Otherwise, in the chance that there's like a free trial or something.
Anya Nelson: Yeah, for one of those.
Becca Bressler: Yeah. But I can. I can find out. Um. Okay, let me go to Jot Sick. So I know. Or like Jackson said here, I'm sure this tab instead that you did some work on draw audit. Maybe you can actually just like start there with me.
Anya Nelson: So right now, let's see.
Becca Bressler: This is actually compliance. Let me like go to one that's not super client. So is this stuff like you.
Anya Nelson: Oh, this does look kind of familiar. Yeah, this is like my first RCM thing I think I did. It looks like different since I did it, but kind of familiar.
Becca Bressler: Okay, cool. And I think that you did the like, audit rule page too, if I'm remembering correctly. Like that kind of. Maybe not. Here, let me show you what that one looks like.
Anya Nelson: Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah. Oh, I just went away.
Becca Bressler: Oh, wait one second.
Anya Nelson: Yeah, I remember this.
Becca Bressler: So. So I guess the thing I'd love for you to work on here. So. So one of the things, because I've started talking to people who have this. Have maybe explored it, have maybe not explored it that much is one of the things I think we like have an issue with with this or could is. Is a couple of things. So one, like making these more. Which is not something for you to do because it's a technical thing, but to like, keep in mind, like doing another pass on this is making this a lot shorter. So just kind of like feedback that this is like too much text to read.
Becca Bressler: So just nine of it. Like what it might look like with less text. But I think the bigger problem we have here is, like, we don't have a very curious group of people, especially if there's a lot of text or things to look at.
Becca Bressler: And so part of what. Makes it tricky. Is like an education discovery problem. And so I think, like, actually what I love your help with is related to feature discovery and education around this particular feature. And so again, maybe it is thinking about some progressive disclosure. Like the first time you open an audit tab or something, you don't see all of this, but you see a little bit with something that says, you know, analyze your note against 75, blah, blah, blah. However, you know, whatever documents, like something where someone can like get what this is really quickly and be intrigued to use it, I guess, or to like see what it's about without getting overwhelmed. Right. So maybe there's like an initial state that they would see before they see all of this or just kind of. Yeah, that would also include some type of like education discovery language that would make it super clear. So that is like a big piece of this. And then the other thing is, is like, we want people to understand that this is generated by a set of rules. But maybe more importantly, we want people to know that they could change those rules or add to those rules. So like, for instance, no one knows like about this. Like, no one really explores it that much. Who has odd job audit. And like, this is super, super valuable. Like, you can add your own rules, you can like delete ones that aren't, you know, useful for you. But I don't know again, if when thinking about like this, the first state that you see, like how. I mean, I think there's a couple things that I would love for you to think about.
Becca Bressler: Like, just like, oh, is there a solution here? Which is just the first time you see audit, it doesn't show you all this stuff. It shows you. It's like something that entices you to see what this is about. The other thing is to think about it from like a UX perspective of, okay, what would it mean for us to just like initially just show someone one, even if there are more and they have to click, like view, like view more. Or what would it mean to, you know, Jackson. And Jackson put this really well and maybe I need to like surface some of his notes about this.
Becca Bressler: But like, yeah, what would it mean to just show you one? What would it mean to like, notice that someone hasn't touched a particular type of rule, but it keeps showing up? And our system can then be like, hey, does this not apply to you? Like, never again or something like that.
Becca Bressler: Do you know what I mean? So thinking about not just like, Statically, what someone sees. But like, what are some creative solutions that could introduce someone to the value of this in like more progressive way, if that makes sense. Yeah. And one that's like, let me see, hold on, let me. And then one, and then one that's also like, hey, did you know that you can add your own rule to this or tailor, make your audit engine, add rules, whatever it may be. I think you have a really good sense for UX writing here. So I'm just truly talking off the cuff, but I think that that is the thing that I would really love for you guys to work on. Are you to work on? Sorry, I've had like two, so you're still getting me. So let me see really quickly, do you have any questions also before I just like, keep talking.
Anya Nelson: Yes, just like things that we like, things that are working, things that we need to keep. Like we, we do need to have like all of the non compliant, the suggestions and the compliant. Like, because I think the first pass that I did, I was like, why are. Like, why show them the compliant even like, if they're good, you know, do they need to see that? And then Nate, Jackson were like, we want to make them feel like they're like a cheat, like they're doing a lot of stuff well, so you want to give them the compliant. So I guess I'm just like, yeah, like, what is. Like this is working well.
Becca Bressler: And what is like, yeah, that's a good question. So, So the thing is, is that when I have like looked at this with people, they're really excited about it. So I think that Nate and Jackson might be right about the compliant thing. I mean, maybe, maybe it doesn't have to be an expandable thing where you see all the things you're doing that are compliant, but it's like it shows you, you know. Well, I guess people have pretty low compliance scores typically, so it might not be great to be like, you're 35% compliant, but maybe that's what it is. Maybe instead of something expandable, it's just like it shows you how much of it is compliant or it's like you're off to like a great start. Here are some, you know, things to be improved.
Becca Bressler: Like, you know, I wouldn't, I would try a version that doesn't remove that. But like, maybe there are other ways of achieving that same goal, which is like making someone feel like they're doing some things well. You know, I mean, I think it's like totally possible that this again, like CPT code analysis block takes up way too much real estate.
Anya Nelson: It is pretty big.
Becca Bressler: So, like, that could be something to play around with. I think that one of the things that you can't currently do, but is something for you to keep in mind is you can't currently. Edit the suggested code or like the code that's being analyzed. And I watched a user and like, and the thing is, is if you edit it at this like top bar. Hold on, let me like use my. I think if you actually like edit it here, it affects this, but it's not really intuitive. People don't really notice it. Yeah. So I think like incorporating some way of letting users like edit the code that is being analyzed here would be helpful. And again, maybe it's just like in the presentation of how like this looks clickable and editable or something like this, you know.
Becca Bressler: Yeah, but yeah, like, I think this is maybe taking up a lot of real estate. I think another thing to keep in mind because this came up with a user is like the distinction between like non compliant and suggestions. Right. It's like, okay, well like ultimately clinicians want to know, like, is this good or is this not good?
Anya Nelson: You know, like, would it make sense just put it not compliant.
Becca Bressler: Like, I think that there's probably a reason it's a suggested, which is that it's maybe not explicitly violating something, but is like on the edge. I mean, I'm sure there's something that evaluates it that. But maybe. Or yeah, like categorizes it as a suggestion, but maybe there's some other way of like showing like other language. So like maybe, you know, maybe when you show, when you get here, like none of it is expanded, right.
Becca Bressler: And it's just like these things with like a sentence of education underneath it, you know, like little thing of education. And the suggestion can elaborate, can be like, you know, not explicitly violating but like room for improvement. I. I don't know, you know, like there's something to like consider. But I think there is a distinction we want to make. But we also. That's a question that's come up from the users is like, what does it mean to be a suggestion if it's, you know, and not be under non compliant? So I think that's something to keep in mind. And then, and then, yeah, like letting people know, hey, this is coming from a set. And maybe this is a question for Jackson and Nates. I can't remember the specifics, but like they created this and maybe you know, this actually from your conversation, but just like how much went into this like engine that they built to evaluate this thing. So it's like this is coming from, you know, a couple major sources. Add your own rules to tailor this to your practice or something like that. So I think those are the biggest things. It's like, taking another pass for, like, visual information hierarchy and reducing cognitive load and, and making sure the education pieces are apparent. I would say, like, that's the priority, and then it would be great. Like if to have you think about and propose some ideas around what an evolving like more dynamic feature would be like. Again like Jackson I think. And does it make sense what, what I mean by that? I guess it's like, hey, maybe on first try you're just like would you like to see that? You know, it's like what would the first experience of it be like? And is there a first experience that's not just showing you everything but is like click on this one thing to see a room for improvement and then someone could maybe be like show more and that would open up like this. Right. So you know, I'm certainly not like the expert here at all.
Becca Bressler: But let me see. I have a conversation with Jackson. I can look for this and see if I have like more for you.
Anya Nelson: So like basically like just so I understand like the, the goal for this like next this like segment of work these next two days is like look at the job audit. Try to make it educational, like try to make it more user friendly obviously like more of a learning experience. Like just clear specifically for job audit in the pair aware note and like wherever that would pop up.
Becca Bressler: That's a really great question that I'm really glad you asked. So we're actually going to be doing away with the payer aware note this. I don't think this like affects your work that much. But like you can imagine in the near future all of this stuff is just going to be like in the note, right. So like in the same way where we chat assistant, this will just exist in the main note.
Anya Nelson: Okay. So just kind of like don't even focus on the left side. Just worry about that sidebar with the audit is.
Becca Bressler: Yeah, that I would say unless you think you kind of need to to like achieve your goal. But I'm guessing you don't. Honestly, I'm guessing like this probably stay here unless you think like yeah, I mean I'd be curious what I don't want to expand scope for you too much but like you get into a place where you're like, man, I feel like actually the experience would be a lot better if we just like adjusted something over here to match what you see on the audit panel. Right. Like maybe there's like so. Because I think one of the things that does happen is like there are these like red things here, right. That I think then like lead you to like what's on the other side. But. But yeah, if you're like, oh, I really think like adding this like one thing right here like you know, instead of having this red dot would, like, really improve the experience for someone and push them to use this audit feature that, like, go for it, but don't feel like that's a part of the ask. Right. It's more just like if your intuition is drawing you there.
Anya Nelson: Okay, so when you say we're doing away with the pair Aware note, because I know it was in beta. Merging like kind of the same feature with the note or are we just like getting rid of it all?
Becca Bressler: Yeah, yeah, basically. Well, so. So I guess it's like two. There's kind of two. Two pieces of this. So the pair Aware note is a note that the template itself is. So like there's this like, jaw audit engine, right?
Becca Bressler: Which is kind of a value the note for compliance. And then there's kind of a separate engine in the like, template of the Payer Aware note that at first pass just makes it more Payer Aware, if that makes sense.
Anya Nelson: Like, it's just a.
Becca Bressler: It's a. It's a first note that is influenced by the rules, whereas, like this note is not influenced by the rules at all as it stands. Right.
Becca Bressler: It's just like a completely separate thing. So we're doing away with the. I do not think that what's happening is the note itself itself is now getting that like, smarter engine. But we are introducing Payer Aware templates, if that makes sense. Okay, so like, you know, your standard therapy, your intake. If a user like creates a template on their own, it's probably not going to be like Payer Aware, but we are going to have some templates in our template library that are Payer Aware. It just means that they don't see two versions, but it's just like, looks more like this in the output.
Anya Nelson: Got it. Okay. I guess my, like, question is honestly just like, is the note kind of looking like the pairware note just in terms of like, the layout? And it does in the, like, UI standpoint.
Becca Bressler: Yeah. I don't think every note though is going to start. Oh yeah, but these two look similar.
Anya Nelson: I guess, maybe. Yeah, I guess. I was like, are we looking like at the old version layout or is it like, adopting the new look?
Becca Bressler: I feel like the only differences here are like, inside the section though. Like the actual, like, skeleton of the page. And the answer is, like, it'll be different. So if a user uses a Payer. If, if a user uses like a Payer Aware template, their note output will look more like this. If they just use like a standard template, it will look more like this. But I do think they're like, pretty similar. Right? Am I missing something that, like, the key differences are content?
Anya Nelson: Yeah, I just meant, like, because, like, I know with the new pairware and I click on time, so I'll just like, try to wrap it up. But like, we did this whole thing where it's like parts of it are like highlighted or whatever and it like shows up like is that language still being used
Becca Bressler: that will be used in a pairware template, but not the note? I don't think so. It's a really good question, but I think the answer is no.
Anya Nelson: I think the answer is, yeah, I'll just, like, look at the note and then look at the side panel audit and then just not.
Becca Bressler: Yeah, I can follow up with Jackson about that, actually. And, like, so I'm giving you the best information, but, yeah, just to, like, narrow. Scope for you. Like, think about the note if, like, your intuition takes you there. But, like, definitely if what we got back from you, like, had no differences in the note and it was, like, strictly about this side panel.
Becca Bressler: That's, like, a totally great outcome too.
Anya Nelson: Okay, cool. I'll focus on that then and, like, see where it blossoms.
Becca Bressler: But I feel like your intuition has led you to, like, really smart places. I mean, I think Jackson, I in particular, moving the recorder to the top when you, like, squish the, like, so smart. And I think, like, is totally something we're gonna do.
Anya Nelson: I mean, I think problems.
Becca Bressler: So just, like, go where your intuition takes you. Reach out and ask questions if you have them. I will see if I have any other, like, notes from Jackson, but I think.
Anya Nelson: Yeah, I mean, we can always slack too. Yeah, we.
Becca Bressler: And then I'm assuming it's like, tomorrow. Yeah, it'd be cool to see some, like, early stuff, like, later today. Like, this can be super. I mean, I actually have, like, a pretty busy schedule, so, like, don't wait on me for feedback. But, like, if you just want to, like, flash things at me, like, at the end of the day. I'm going to be shadowing tomorrow, so it'd be cool to see something at the end of the day that I could feed back on so that you could then, like, refine tomorrow.
Anya Nelson: But I think what we did last time worked with the recorder just like, async. Like, just sending you stuff. Yeah. And then you and Jackson or whatever look at it and you're like, okay. And then the next day, it's like, revising. Even that. Yeah. Works well. So if that works for you. It works for me.
Becca Bressler: Totally works for me. I'll be on like, a train later, like, starting at like 5 or 5:30 or whatever. But, like, I'll be able to do async. There just might be windows of time where I'm like, traveling.
Anya Nelson: That's really fine. I usually try to, like, give it to you, like, at the end of the day when I'm like, I feel good about this. Like, really look at this.
Becca Bressler: Versus, like, like.
Anya Nelson: Yeah. Yeah.
Becca Bressler: Cool. Okay. Reach out if you have questions. But, like, does that seem.
Anya Nelson: It seems good. Yeah, I'll work on that. And then. Yeah, I'll just. We'll just see about the loom. And, like, happy to do that, but I'll. Do you want me to ask Nate or I.
Becca Bressler: Yeah, do you mind asking Nate, like, hey, is there like, a cluzo or luma count? I want to. That I could be on. If not, like. Yeah, I. If there is, like. If it is easy enough to create a freak. We do have a clueso account, though. Okay.
Becca Bressler: I don't know the same one, though. I think loom is, like, a different thing. Do you have any, like, walkthrough tools that you.
Anya Nelson: I don't. I have, like, a screen recorder that I could do,
Becca Bressler: but I don't know if you can voice?
Anya Nelson: Yeah, I don't think so.
Becca Bressler: Okay. Because I actually don't think we have a loom. Don't. Don't worry about that right now. If we don't, I. That's, like, less priority. Like, if it would be possible on Monday to grab, like, 15 minutes of your time at some point to walk.
Becca Bressler: I don't know if that's. Even possible, but like.
Anya Nelson: Oh, that's another thing is I'm gonna be. So I'm gonna be in a conference next week for my full time job. So, like, I'll be like, there. Okay. Yeah. But even like, yeah, I can do it Friday. Whatever. Yeah.
Becca Bressler: Yeah. Even if it's like, oh, I'm shadowing, whatever.
Anya Nelson: We'll figure that piece out once you have the tool. I can do it really fast is what I'm.
Anya Nelson: Is what I'm doing.
Becca Bressler: Yeah. Yeah, cool. Okay, awesome. Thank you so much, Anya.
Anya Nelson: Yeah, of course. Sounds good.
Anya Nelson: All right, bye.