Brian Grady: Staying active. Yeah, not, not, not too much. Just getting ready for the, the new year. A lot of just getting ready for the new year. Cleaning up. Yeah, Having good, awesome progress. How about you?
Adam Harrison: Yeah, pretty good here. I. Yeah, I don't know where you are based out of. I'm on the east coast, so definitely a lot of, a lot of snow and cold this week. But yeah, it's been, it's been good otherwise. Yeah.
Brian Grady: Yeah, I'm in Miami so. But so glad to be out of that.
Brian Grady: But it is colder down here so we didn't miss it entirely. So.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, I did hear that it's like pretty, pretty cold for you guys down there, so. So no, no one really was able to evade it seems like.
Brian Grady: Yeah.
Adam Harrison: Well, awesome. Thanks so much for applying and also, you know, I know we had to reschedule and thanks for your flexibility on that purposely. This call is just kind of a quick, you know, get to know you conversation. So I'd love to hear a little bit more about yourself and you know, kind of your background and then I can share a little bit more context on just like where we are with the role and all that good stuff. So.
Brian Grady: Yeah.
Adam Harrison: Yeah. Does that sound good?
Brian Grady: That sounds great.
Adam Harrison: Awesome. Well, yeah, would love for you to kind of give a little bit of an overview if you don't mind.
Brian Grady: Okay. Yeah. So for the last, I guess 15 years I've run a company called Sway the Crowd out of Ohio primarily. And, and we've done a variety of work and primarily in the nonprofit space, but also we ended up doing some auto manufacturing work as well. And so we have a lot of experience in kind of mini doc storytelling. And in the last few years I've kind of branched out and have taken on more post production work, done a little bit kind of scale back the company. So now it's just me and, and moved. Moved around quite a bit. So as I'm you know, getting my footing again just in terms of place location, you know, setting up my routines here, I've been continuing to do that post production work, continuing to work on content for clients. We've done a lot more work around I guess in, in the not well mental health space I guess for. As well as for housing, housing and finance agency space as well as the like EOD Warrior foundation space which is, you know, veterans with. Post traumatic stress disorder or, you know, significant trauma in their lives. And then I've also doing a lot of work now with crime survivors for safety and justice again victims of violent crimes on more the legislative side. So helping them tell their stories. So a lot of it has been mini doc, so filming interviews and then editing those interviews for whatever the brand with the nonprofit is trying to, whatever their goals are. And then, and also it's also kind of a training ground for folks to, so that they get practice telling their own stories because usually, you know, they're part that, you know, they might tour and do a speaker series or a, you know, might convey their story to legislators as well. And so there's kind of a practice practicing structuring their stories. And so we work with them on the zoom sessions and as well as packaging those and actually making those into kind of social media messaging for the general public, but also more for like captive audiences as well. So outside of the, let's say that they're training like chapter leaders, you know, to go out into their own communities, they might show videos at that conference or event. So that's, that's the kind of work that, that I've done. And in the last few years I've been again focusing on how to work AI or LLMs into that space. And, and I've been trying to automate our processes for a long time. And so, so the LLM, you know, working with ChatGPT and Claude and all those, I've just been playing with that for the last few years and trying to work that into our own processes and media management and all that. I've also been doing a lot of media management in the background, so helping our clients kind of restructure their archives so that it's more accessible to content creators like that they have a marketing team and a social team as well. And so I might have a zoom call where I'm kind of showing them how media should be managed from production to post. Because sometimes there's kind of a communication gap between the production team, if you're sending out crews, like professional, like video crews, and then the social teams, like there's a certain level of processing that needs to take place between those teams where you're getting the footage ready to be published and used. So I think that's been my primary role is also getting client teams up. To speed on the media management side of things.
Adam Harrison: Awesome. Yeah, thank you for all the context. Yeah, I can share a little bit more about the role and then you know, curious if we, you know, it seems, seems like a good fit for what you're looking for or not and then you know, if so we can talk about like what the next steps would be. Just some background in terms of me and my. Yeah. Involvement here. So as you, as you probably know, Jotsych is you know, fairly early stage startup. You know, we're, we have a pretty small lean team. I've been here for the last year or so. I have let up things on the marketing side of the house. So the website, our press release, PR campaigns are. We also advertise on Google and Meta with paid, paid dollars. So those have been like the key areas that I've been involved with as well as like other parts of the business. So that's not like exclusively my focus. What we're looking for here is someone who can help us to really revamp a lot of the creative that we are putting through Meta to start. So what does that look like? I think it's going to be a mix of probably a lot of static content, so like static ads as well as short form video content that may take a variety of different styles and formats. So I don't anticipate we'll be doing things that are maybe like higher production value so to speak. It's probably going to be like kind of scrappier, you know, higher volume, still high quality but like more, more higher volume versus like high end production kind of stuff with like a whole team. You know. What I am looking for is someone who really is excited to take a lot of like autonomy in terms of like what content we create, you know, what the messaging is, how things are kind of like. Yeah, someone who was just excited about like taking end to end both the kind of brainstorming as well as the, the actual execution. And I'm, you know, someone that I can like partner with on ideas and brainstorming but someone who's gonna like operate pretty independently like thereafter. This is probably gonna be like a contract role at least in the near term, you know, can be flexible hours, can ramp up, you know, if things are going well and eventually you know, could be like a full time role where the scope would expand to not just. You know, content on meta and like paid marketing, but also like maybe we want to have customer videos and testimonials on our website and we want to, you know, maybe have like a fireside chat with the CEO that goes on LinkedIn, you know, things like that, that. But I think in the near term our focus is pretty squarely on the like paid ad side and finding things that are going to perform and, and bring in new leads for us. So that's like the context on the role, kind of where we are today. Yeah. Just curious like if that seems like it would be something aligned with what you're looking for or if that's, you know, maybe a little outside of kind of your ideal next thing.
Brian Grady: Yeah, absolutely. So I guess what excited me about the role too was the ability to work with a company that was like forward thinking in terms of working directly in the LLM space and, and using tools like descript and some of the tools that, you know, clients in the past have been kind of slow to, you know, they haven't, you know, small steps, you know, for them versus more forward thinking and utilizing all the resources available to produce content. So that's kind of what excited me about the role, I think the meta side of things. So paid advertising, complete transparency. So I haven't managed the paid advertising for many of our clients. We produce content that's been advertised, but I haven't specifically managed the ads in terms of demographics. It's just not a role that they assigned to me probably because I'm not on the internal team.
Adam Harrison: Oh yeah, Just to be clear, you wouldn't be expected to actually go into like our meta ads account and do anything.
Adam Harrison: You would just be responsible for like the creative.
Adam Harrison: But like in a traditional setup there would be, you know, more of the, you know, editor or you know, creative, like producer. Right. Who's actually creating the content. And that person would be paired with like a creative strategist who is actually in the meta account and like coming up with pretty detailed specs of like what the hook should be and what, you know, the actual frame by frame things should look like. Like that is something we would not really be able to provide a ton of support on work. But like the, as far as actually like, you know, managing the actual meta account, like you, you wouldn't need to like do that at all. It would just be like you send me things and I kind of take it from there.
Brian Grady: Okay, then, yeah, then that, then forget what I said.
Adam Harrison: Sorry I was unclear.
Brian Grady: But yeah, the content. Production, you know, I've been focused on not only the, so the messaging, but also the process, right. And, and creating these structured ads and being able to essentially create, you know, out of one recording, create, you know, 10 different spots, you know, that could be used because really the recording is probably the most expensive, tends to be the most expensive part, you know, of the process. And then, you know, you know, you get. Once you have like a couple good production days, you can essentially shoot for the rest for six months, you know, create six months of content within those two production days. But a lot of what I've done in the past too has been podcast related work. So maybe we had two days of filming B roll and then we capture a one hour podcast with someone who's on site at that event or whatever. And then that podcast usually is the source of more content, not just the episode because you have really clean audio paired with usually pretty cinematic B roll or however that imagery is generated. But yeah, I think this is in terms of what interests me about the role. It's working, you know, coming up with workflows within that, you know, the AI space, you know, and, and using tools like Descript. And I still need to do some research into a few of the other tools available, but, but Descript has really been my go to. So if I can. So it's familiar space, I guess when it comes to like crafting a story. The, the static imagery, I guess is the. Is the other question. So I use Canva, but I'm not a designer. So I think the, that might be my biggest shortcoming is, is creating engaging static ads if, if, if they are. Although I've approved, you know, designs in the past and I've created designs and I've worked in visual effects, it's just not my primary role. I might be a little bit slower on that side of things than I am on video. So I guess that would be so that, you know, I'm stronger in the video space than the static imagery space. But I know, you know, I've, I've produced static ads in the past as well, so definitely in my capabilities.
Adam Harrison: No, thanks for flagging. Yeah, I don't, I think Canva is probably sufficient for like, we're not trying to do anything too crazy and like a. Lots of our, even pretty simple ads. I'll send some examples after our call of things that have worked well. But yeah, I don't think, not too many concerns there. And we're also open to an arrangement longer term. Where you know, you may have like an additional contractor or someone that you work with who is actually, you know, more of a designer kind of profile. Right. So different, different ways we can make it work. But. But yeah, that, that all sounds good.
Brian Grady: Okay, great. And the question was the, the original question you, you were wondering what I was looking. What I was interested in in the company. Yeah. So yeah, I think the content itself, you know, working in behavioral health, that seems to be somewhere that I've gravitated toward, you know, in terms of client base in the past. And it's something, you know, you know, I usually am thinking about as well and how to give people more agency in their own lives. And so I think just the, you know, this, the space where job. And you said sick. Jet sick is the. Is how you pronounce it or jot.
Adam Harrison: Psych. Oh, Jet psych.
Brian Grady: Yeah, psych. Okay, I, I thought I misheard that. I just want to make sure jet psych was, was almost. So I, Yeah, I've been focused on also trying to build tools or you know, that make it easier for people to kind of take agency in their own lives. So. And that's through like routines and things like that. So definitely into like the kind of the biohacking space, but that's not directly related to, you know, behavioral health. And I know that there's a lot more that goes on in this, but I, I've been exploring that space and how we can make. Give people agency in their own lives to kind of. Assist in, in their health and better outcomes for their health. You know. So I guess from a mission standpoint I feel aligned and I guess that's, that's the other thing I would say right now. I guess the contract role would does make sense for me. I still have really one major client that I work with and that's the ASJ client that I. But it's, it's kind of, it's definitely part time work, which is why when I submitted the application, I was also open to part time. And then I have a couple annual gigs that usually happen in, in May over a like a week or two week period, but those haven't signed this year. And again because I moved, there's, I guess less loyalty to the Sway brand. And so I am looking, looking for work and I am looking for, you know, and I, I liked the idea of, of the remote position being able to essentially optimize, you know, for you know, my local efficiency, you know, as opposed to like show. Although it would be great to meet the team, you know, and, and be involved in. I do work really well remote. So in terms of productivity. So I guess those were all things that kind of were, were interesting to me and appealed to me.
Adam Harrison: Awesome. Awesome. Well, great. I think makes sense to kind of move you to the next stage here, which would be kind of like a paid, you know, take home assignment, so to speak. So we could, we would do 150 is what we've been doing. And there's just two deliverables, like one static and one video or motion ad. It can be any kind of like format that, that you want. We don't have a lot of like specific direction around like being prescriptive in terms of what we want it to look like. We're sort of curious to see like what you come up with and I'll send you like a brief that covers all this in like a lot more detail. But that would be the next step. I'll send that over email and you know, feel free to reach out if you have like any questions on that or if you. Yeah, if you want to like clarify anything, whether it be about drop psych or the actual deliverable or anything else that, that you feel is like necessary context for you. But outside of that. Yeah, that would be the next step. You know, we're asking for something like a one week turnaround time. Can be earlier, can be later, just you know, whatever works on your end. And then we may do a few like revision requests and kind of go from there. But does that sound good to you as like a next step?
Brian Grady: Yeah, that sounds good. And what are you going to send me? Specs or you know, just a project?
Adam Harrison: Yeah, yeah, I'll send you like a PDF with like all this in much more detail so no need to like take notes and if there's anything that's unclear at all or you know, anything like you can, I'll be like very responsive to any like questions you have.
Brian Grady: Lovely. Yeah. Good.
Adam Harrison: Awesome. Well, thank you, Brian. Great to meet you. Looking forward to this and yeah, try to, try to stay warm down there.
Brian Grady: All right, thanks, you too. Enjoy the snow.
Adam Harrison: All right, thank you.
Brian Grady: Bye. Bye.