Emily Kaiser: Hi Luis.
Luis Mendez: Hi, how are you?
Emily Kaiser: I'm good.
Luis Mendez: How are you? Good.
Emily Kaiser: I'm Emily. I will be doing our meeting today.
Luis Mendez: Oh nice.
Emily Kaiser: Okay.
Luis Mendez: Let me show you like I mean yeah I saw the Joach but it wasn't like allow me to add it to my subscription but I'm having an issue. I recall like two conversation today is I mean the second patient was like Spanish speaker. I also had like a strong ask in English. And it seems that sometimes the compensation is not. Like touching accurately and it say oh the compensation is not clear. So I don't know if the system had to like get used to us or learning from us.
Emily Kaiser: There's actually a feature if you actually want to open. Are you logged into Jot psych on your end? Yeah. Go ahead and share your screen for me. It's at the bottom of the Google Meet and it's that little laptop icon with the arrow. We find it a little bit easier if you share your entire screen because that way when you jump in if another window opens we can still follow along. But whatever you're comfortable with.
Luis Mendez: No that's fine. I was just opening like social. Screen. So you see the job site?
Emily Kaiser: Yes I do. Okay perfect so a way to fix the first thing that you mentioned is if you go to your initials there in the right corner.
Emily Kaiser: My initial in that red circle. And then let's see we might have to navigate this together go to languages. Okay. And any so basically if you select any language here it helps the transcription with any accents in play.
Luis Mendez: Okay.
Emily Kaiser: So I just like preference that should help you should notice a difference in that now.
Luis Mendez: Okay the other issue that I encountered yesterday in this computer I was like recording my last encounter yesterday. I was doing through this through the. I don't know do you see my entire screen?
Emily Kaiser: Yeah I see your JATSY account settings. If you open up a new window like if you just if you didn't share if you shared entire screen if you click into a new window I should be able to see it.
Luis Mendez: For example I got my job site is giving me this error thing yesterday after I finished my last encounter. If I do it in another computer it doesn't happen I already cleared the cache I think start and start the the Google Chrome but it's just giving me that error or I mean this is a new computer it was working fine yesterday.
Emily Kaiser: So I see your Google where it's where you can search for Google. Are you seeing an actual. Message on Jot psych or is it your computer giving you a message?
Luis Mendez: It's just a computer getting message that say looks like you have following a broken link or enter your thing it's 6 on this out in this side you just want to click this oh now now it's working you see.
Emily Kaiser: It always happens like that right yeah
Luis Mendez: I was working so I don't know.
Emily Kaiser: Okay well if you run into that again if you want to just take like a snapshot of your screen and what you're seeing you can forward that to me and I can work on trying to find a solution for you and if I can't personally find a solution I can troubleshoot with our engineers
Luis Mendez: okay so now the meeting was about I mean I know that you guys have I mean are you guys looking to be like an EMR out
Emily Kaiser: of this yes yes so how long have you been using jot
Luis Mendez: psych just thinking about having like being like consistently using it you know but I mean I know I have an EMR right now which I mean if I get all the fuse the feature that you guys have is going to be like fancy because the email that I have but I know that this is like just tailored to psychiatry I'm gonna be like passing on my patient keeping my nose there but eventually guys know that I can email from there of course
Emily Kaiser: I mean yeah definitely so if you could actually jump back over to jot psych I can share some of the things that were kind of doing right now in the background but you're seeing a lot of changes on jot 6 and because just to kind of give you a reason of the why is we're getting a lot of feedback from clinicians that there's so many systems needed in a day to day basis to kind of just manage your general workflow. You know you have something for your prescribing something for your billing something for your AI scribe something for your note taking whatever it may be there are so many systems that are needed and jot is recommend becoming an all in one system where you can manage billing you can manage auditing you can manage the AI scribe you can manage prescribing so yes you can now use jot psych as an individual EHR. But really the purpose behind adding all these features is so you can just create a more seamless workflow and work out of one system rather than six so that's kind of the reason behind it.
Luis Mendez: Good yeah that's good.
Luis Mendez: I mean I just get like a contract with my EMR so I'm gonna be using EHR basically for the AI but as soon as I finish my contract I'm gonna be like moving completely
Emily Kaiser: okay awesome so what system do you use for your
Luis Mendez: medical practice and I just have like a two year contract
Emily Kaiser: with them okay so I know you wanted information specifically on jot audit yes okay perfect so we can walk through that but if you could kind of start by telling me are you a sole provider? What is your value?
Luis Mendez: I'm a psychiatry mental head practitioner we had like two small two practice one in Miami which is a little bigger and the other one in Bravo County Coconut Creek which is just starting to grow now okay great and the future manager to hire more more like therapies on therapies and maybe like a couple of PMHMP as well.
Emily Kaiser: Okay okay awesome that's great so do you have clinicians underneath you are you the practice owner non-declining okay okay great so that's just helpful so I can kind of guide what information I'm showing you and what may be useful to you. So let's see if I am wondering if you could navigate over to documentation and notes we'll start here. So go ahead and click into any note if you want to use one of our demo patients Alfred Appleson that's fine this is actually a perfect example because you see that audit there on the right hand side so this kind of gives us a good guide on to how to show you how jot audit works essentially so you have have you ever used the audit feature?
Luis Mendez: I did I had done it and I used the AI to fix it.
Emily Kaiser: Okay okay great so you're you're already using it all yeah perfect so I can kind of answer any questions you may have but essentially just to kind of keep it high level for a second it is basically looking at your information looking at the template that you are using figure out what type of appointment this is and suggesting billing codes based are suggesting audits based on on your billing codes essentially so as you can see after it reviewed it the audit based on your codes is suggesting those codes in the orange or what you have are the orange codes and what AI is recommending instead is that code there in the purple so if you go ahead and if you want to run audit you have 40 free audits with the one that you're that you're using so if you want to run audit that works and we can kind of go from there. So what this is do I just thinking basically and then after we go through this information we'll jump over to the billing and auditing screen and I can show you this a little bit more in depth. But right now like I said it's kind of comparing the template that you're currently using. And suggesting things based off of that. Now. Have you ever used drop bill or heard of drop bill.
Emily Kaiser: No I haven't okay so like I said jot psych basically is having the ability to be a biller as well for you cutting out that third party. So if you were to use job build jot audit would basically collect that additional information as far as what the patient's insurance is and all of that information that we see with JotBill. That would be in your system and jot audit almost goes a little bit it goes one step further essentially with that billing information. So again based on your codes the code supported are below in the green. Yes and it's saying that one improvement is suggested current medication list documentation you can dismiss or you can fix it for me. Perfect so then it brings you exactly right down to where it's creating getting that information to create that suggestion.
Emily Kaiser: Yes so that's kind of how audit works on your end just from like the note point of view but as a condition owner I think it would be useful for you to see the billing and auditing if you go up to the top and click that menu drop down. And click jot audit. So have you ever seen this screen before?
Emily Kaiser: Gee I have seen it yeah okay okay so this is kind of just walking through at a clinic level basically you can filter by provider by patient by date and you can kind of it gives you like a general health score of your of your practice so you can see on the under compliance there on the right side you can look at the quality of the encounter and compliance rates status rates billing code suggested and all of those things so this is just kind of another viewpoint looking at it more from a clinic view you can enter any of these notes of like the way we just edited your audit you can enter through this way as well.
Luis Mendez: Just come in through. Earlier.
Emily Kaiser: Yes so this is just essentially another view on how you can manage all of the suggestions that it's giving you. So this one is specifically a CPT code mismatch and based on your provider codes and then the one it actually recommends down there as well. So then if you go back. Yeah perfect so if you scroll up a little bit. The other direction. If you go to the top of the screen. Perfect and then you can see so we're looking at encounters you can also filter by clinicians if you click clinicians. And then you can filter by rules and claims so that's why I asked if you had clinicians other clinicians underneath you because if you did this is a way that you could kind of look at the practice view and really see kind of what clinicians are following what rules, what compliant rate that they're at and all things like that. Rules is basically how you manage any rules in place so you can add new rules. If you scroll down, you see all the rules in place and again the compliance rate of each of those rules. So just another way to kind of manage your practice. And then that admin dashboard video I don't know if you've watched that before but that can really kind of walk you through watch videos.
Luis Mendez: What's that I haven't watched any video which is the I mean video.
Emily Kaiser: The one that says jot psych admin dashboard you don't have to watch it right now but it basically just gives you a tutorial
Luis Mendez: okay so I was looking here also and what is the job coach?
Emily Kaiser: Go ahead and click that. So jot coach basically is just coaching your clinicians for better care so walking through all of those things that we kind of walked through but that's specifically for if you have clinicians underneath you and you're trying to manage everybody so I don't know if that's really applicable for you right now
Luis Mendez: yeah no no okay I mean if I want to upload the job auditing how can I do it?
Emily Kaiser: If you want to what they just audit yeah so go to again go to your let's go to your practice I think I believe there's two ways to do this. Okay so let's see. Navigate this on my end really quick. So I I think this may be something that we add on our end. Okay double checking here. Yes I believe that you can add the. E-prescription on your end but on our end I do believe we add jot audit.
Luis Mendez: Okay just gonna add it to mine that would be nice
Emily Kaiser: okay that sounds good one thing I do want to show you is.
Luis Mendez: For the prescribed what do you guys use like choice three that affairs.
Emily Kaiser: We use do spot is our prescribing partner okay yeah so have you ever used dose bot before no never okay I can show you let me pull up the right screen here.
Luis Mendez: Do you want me to start chatting
Emily Kaiser: yeah that works I can share mine so I'll show you kind of how our e-prescription works okay let me see. What do you currently do for prescribing
Luis Mendez: I'm using data on my EMR I just like okay forward to see what you had there so I can. Like transition slowly yeah yeah definitely when my contract
Emily Kaiser: gets yeah definitely so what you're seeing right now as our patient Rowena so if I click into Rowena this is where have you ever do you ever use the patient portal like this?
Emily Kaiser: Yes okay perfect so this has all really great features and if you're really looking to use job site like an EHR these down here I'm not sure if you've ever used these are great tools to have. So in this patient portal if you have e prescribing set up basically all you would do is click send prescription so you can send it directly in the chart there's also an option to send directly in the note as well after you're completing that note and the purpose of this is we wanted clinicians to be able to prescribe without leaving the chart. Because again we know lots of systems lots and lots of jumping around yeah so the nice thing about our partnership with do spot is you don't have to enter in any of that patient information twice is probably what you're currently doing I would guess a lot of people are so basically as you see the patient information transfers over as far as address insurance information pharmacy information and all you do here is add prescription. You search your medication. Select what kind of medication you'd like to prescribe. It'll ask you a couple different questions as far as diagnosis codes and all things needed and then you just create medication.
Emily Kaiser: Good you can prescribe controlled substances this will give you a notification of any drug interactions so all the things that you may currently experience I'm not sure if you have those features already
Luis Mendez: but it's just like I think that your platform is just very modern it's just tailored to psychiatry and many EMR it's just like generals EMA that we used to do psychiatry
Emily Kaiser: okay I see okay great so do you feel like this is something that would be applicable for you
Luis Mendez: I know that now because I have it through the other EMR and information crossover so you know I don't want to be like paying like practical like two year marks but I mean you know but as soon as I'm getting out of the early country of course I will use this like definitely are you guys planning to integrate like telehealth so that we can do telehealth appointment from
Emily Kaiser: this yes exactly so if you have our it's our EHR integration or essentials package so this is just outside.com if you were to log out at your account this is what you see basically it's the home page and if you scroll down you'll see all of our pricing for all of the packages that we offer change right what's that?
Emily Kaiser: Just change yes yes we're updating as we go but you'll see that everything package which includes if I scroll down even further you'll see all of the features basically sot bill jot audit jot cred helping clinicians get credentialed the EHR essentials package includes all of the things that we talked about today including jot Rx.
Emily Kaiser: Oh nice yeah so if you wanted everything I would probably move to the everything package but you can kind of in the meantime if you find that any of these things are applicable or you don't have that already in your EHR we can just go ahead and add like we're adding jot audit today we can add in all the carts.
Luis Mendez: Yeah that's nice yeah I mean. Because how much is the price for the everything.
Emily Kaiser: So for the everything package including jot bill the e hr essentials jotter acts everything is 269 a month with the scribe
Luis Mendez: of course being able to like tell appointment reminders and everything correct. Yeah and the patient can fill out in take form from there.
Emily Kaiser: Can you say that one more time like in day fund and consent. Yes yes they can you can send forms they can basically so have you ever sent a form to a patient
Luis Mendez: with job site the other day like a questionnaire for ADHD but the patient never return
Emily Kaiser: it on me okay so let me show you what that looks like so patient form. Again we use all demo patients so some of them have different information let me see if we have one that sent a form back. So basically. Not sure we do have one set up that sent a form back but that is exactly where you'll see that information if you go to their patient profile. Let me try one more. So if you go to a patient profile and this is where the where you can send a patient form as well as right here but you send a form and then you see that if the patient sends it back you see what form they sent back the date they sent back and it scores it for you automatically. Good so you'll see that information right here. That's good.
Luis Mendez: Yeah good so include everything that include like billing and everything.
Emily Kaiser: Including what?
Emily Kaiser: Billing meetings billing oh billing yes.
Luis Mendez: But there is any extra claim so. For eligibility.
Emily Kaiser: So for jot bill basically how we do it is you pick a package let me scroll down here and show you so you can choose anywhere between 4% 6% and 8% of collections based off the type of information that you really want to do with Drop Bill but yes the higher package you choose is the least heavy lifting essentially so we would help support any claims we would help verify insurance information making sure that your insurance information for the patient matches up with your CPT codes all things like that. Okay yeah so we would work hand in hand with your patient's insurances just to make sure that everything is nice and seamless
Luis Mendez: yeah that's nice yeah I would be considered a transition to you guys when I get out of this
Emily Kaiser: one sure absolutely I understand that you're bound by the
Luis Mendez: contract you know and I just can like break it right now
Emily Kaiser: yes no I totally get that I would definitely suggest comparing your current cost to all the systems that you
Luis Mendez: use I mean I only using practically that one everything is integrated is good but it's just like a medical EMR what I'm I tailored it to psychiatry you know this is that I mean the platform is not like as much as modern at this one so I think yeah this is like pure psychiatry there is nothing else.
Luis Mendez: Right yeah and that's something that I was looking for but like many months out there even the one that I tailored to psychiatry they know like like that good even like Valang that they claim that they are really good there is a bad reviews and people complaining about other things this is like really nice
Emily Kaiser: yeah good I'm glad that you feel that way and we definitely do too we are like I said got so much feedback from our current patients and just clinicians everywhere that or I'm sorry current customers and just clinicians everywhere that there's just too much to operate so John Snick is really trying to save clinicians time by integrating all of these things and making a system that supports your current workflow without kind of having to dodge to different systems.
Luis Mendez: You can please add the audit and then I mean as soon as I get rid of my EMR I.
Emily Kaiser: Transition everything to here that sounds great to make that transition we can kind of have like touch points if you ever want to schedule another 15 minute meeting we can walk through any of these features or you can always send me an email if you have any questions on any of the things that you see changing on Jot psych as you may notice that we are kind of ever evolving when we get feedback we really want to make it a point to adjust our system to our client basis client base. So, yeah, if you have any questions on any of the things that you see changing on your end, please don't hesitate to reach out.
Emily Kaiser: Okay I would so I will go ahead and add that jot audit to your account today so you'll see that active in a little bit.
Luis Mendez: Okay perfect thank you so much. Bye.