Nathan Peereboom: Amanda, how are you?
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: There you go. It kicked in. I didn't think that video was. I apologize. I do more meetings with you guys in my robe than I do like anybody. But I mean, yeah, the way I look doesn't really matter. I'm laying back down after we get done anyway, so.
Nathan Peereboom: Hey, that's what that we. We like the robed meetings. Actually. They're kind of nice.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: The sprites are. They're my day off. But whatever. I don't care. You know, I, I wear, I wear my rubs and my scrub pants and my T shirts to work. Most of the time I'm like, I'm just where I'm laid back. I don't care. But awesome.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Well, I assume that you were able to figure out like how to pull some of our reports and everything. And, and because I didn't hear back from you or if you did try to get a hold of me, I missed you somehow. But yeah. So outside of this y', all, I'm just going to tell you first, I am hesitant.
Nathan Peereboom: Yep.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: And I've been hesitant in a very long time. But anything with a jot psych you have done the one thing that is like I really did not want you to do and. But that's okay. I am open minded to see how this is going to work. I just am really worried about this. So tell me, show me what you got.
Nathan Peereboom: I've talked to my husband.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: I've. I've looked at like what paying for bailent right now and my way star because Wastar does my billing different. That was one reason I kind of went with them to begin with because they weren't percentage based which it is a little different. It is more of a clearinghouse billing type thing. But they just do it by claim. Like I get an allotted amount. Actually it's not even claims. It's the craziest thing ever. It's eligibilities.
Nathan Peereboom: Yep, we're going to talk about that. We're.
Nathan Peereboom: We're totally going to talk about that. So two things. One, I see that you have had some issues with jot audit. Is that right?
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: So let me just. So I want to say that I think that the issue is that we need your paradox for jot audit to really work because so what I'm going to push for at the end of this conversation is basically for you to share your payer docs with us. And the reason why that's going to help is it's going to help us make sure that, you know, MDM is like really well wrought. You know, the exact requirements in your paradocs are inside the notes. So that's going to be one of the things that I ask for.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Okay.
Nathan Peereboom: The other thing that I'm going to suggest, but only after that is that that you guys start using jot audit. It's like the best kind of entrance into. Our billing process and then. And that's kind of it for today. Now we've got a tight 30, so I'm going to have to go just, I'm just going to run through this. Okay. And what. Amanda, this is going to be like a TV show for you. I'm just going to walk you through this. If we need more time to talk through the conclusions, you let me know. But what I want you to know is that everything in this deck is something that we want to fix for you. And, and so if it's something that you want fixed and you want us to like, support and fix for you, then we'll have
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: the able to afford for you to do it all. And me not to get in a bind and lose my clinic over something is because we had a really, really bad last quarter with the government shutdown, because we're really dependent on that. So we, we really struggled in our last quarter because of that. And we're picking back up. Everything's getting all right. But right now, right now we've got a slump in reimbursement. I'm not sure where it's coming from. I got it this weekend.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, well, I'm going to walk you through a lot of it. Okay. So the first thing to know is you have quite a few encounters that are not billed for. So you've got, you know, a bunch of money in AR, there's roughly $164,000 that appears to be like past the payer filing limits that I want to talk with you about.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: I know, I know where that's from.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, great.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: That should be fixed.
Nathan Peereboom: So let me tell you what I did. So I looked at all of your charge and encounter data between September 2025 and today, your payment and era data from the same period, an aging report as of like two days ago. And I also looked at the pending queue of unbilled encounters. So what I want to walk through today is your service mix, your speed to payment, your collections, what stock denials, money left on the table, et cetera.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Yes.
Nathan Peereboom: So, first of all, good news. You're doing a great job with the level of coding that you pursue. So most of your encounters or the plurality of your encounters are 99214 and 98215. So you're billing for high complexity encounters. The flip side of that is there's a lot of scrutiny. Like you pop as a, you know, there's a lot of scrutiny. I think you're also doing a pretty good job of adding these add on codes. I mean many of your encounters have 90833 add ons and that's something that we like to see. So in terms of what you're billing, this looks good.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: So you want to know why that is invalid? I'll give you two reasons why that is. One when we schedule them, we put our billing codes in when we schedule them. That's crazy. It's back from any other EHR I've ever used. But that's also why I didn't really gripe at you. But I requested multiple times to give me an option in that scheduling for 20 minutes because 15 minutes is under the 16 minutes for therapy. Therapy for that.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: 90833 and then 30 minute appointment is not what I do. I schedule for 20. So I've got my 16 minutes and then I've got time to do my medical decision making. It's the perfect time.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: So I have to manually. Every time I schedule in your scheduler, I have to manually go in there and change that. But I think I figured out how to on those appointment times, get it to change it itself and automatically do it. Um, but anyways, that's, that's just kind of just FYI.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, super helpful. Yeah, it's a really good point. Um, and I'll push that back to the engineers. Okay, so let's talk about charge per encounter. So you have a significantly higher charge per encounter than everyone else. I think that's because you do a lot more.
Nathan Peereboom: A lot more.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Okay.
Nathan Peereboom: Do you. Is that because of the types of visits that you.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: That you. A couple things, yes. One, I started the clinic and I my or have already built my clientele. Catherine, we had a whole lot of trouble with credentialing. Like a holy freaking nightmare with Missouri. Missouri is like, you could not beat me into opening another clinic in Missouri. I will never do it again.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, so.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: And we also, I will tell you her reports are not accurate because we just figured out. And this is partially my fault because this is again, I've got to start delegating out because you see how much I'm doing compared to everybody else is that Kansas City Blue Cross Blue Shield was not sending me her eras. And I didn't realize it until just recently. So her, her electronic eras were not coming in and I just manually had to manually print them all out. But they didn't start until June anyways because it took them a year to get her credentialed. But all of her K stuff is just like freaking jacked up because I couldn't get her to do her charts and couldn't get her to do her charts all the time because she was like, okay, they're in jot psycho. And I'm like, no, you have got to build. You've got to move them over to Valent. We got to get them building. You got to do it within a certain time frame.
Nathan Peereboom: Totally.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: We feel outside of timely filing on so much of her stuff, but she's on top of her stuff now, so her stuff should jump up. Kathy Arazo is a new Clinton, a brand new nurse practitioner. I just added her. My therapist is like so part time, she doesn't even need to be there anymore. Really, but she's one day a week. And then Bridget Builder. I don't know if she was on that report or not, but Bridget, I had a conversation with her and she was like. God, she was down to, like, one client. She was really bad about rescheduling her patients. We reschedule our own patients, which, if they call the office, our secretary can do it, too. But anyway, so we're down to Me, Katie. So. So. And Tammy. So, like Bridget Fielder. Like, obviously, you can see why it was not worthwhile for me to keep. Paying for her. So Tammy is my therapist and my God, she drives me crazy. But she's supposed to come back full time later the end of the year. We'll see. We'll see if that happens. But anyway, so basically we're the three that bill. The main three at the top are the ones that bill. Katie's numbers are just. Katie's number should be getting close to mine. The reason mine is also a little bit more is because all of the, the one
Nathan Peereboom: that 80s is very close to yours. Three. I mean 3.8 to 3 point. Yeah. Very, very close.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Yes.
Nathan Peereboom: Amanda, let me, let me. I want to just make sure I get through everything just because I do have a hard stop at the top of the hour. Can I just keep running through this and we can talk about individuals. Okay, so let's talk about lag. So we looked at around 3000 charges. About 1500 of them are not like, basically like, are not being entered. Like they, they just haven't. The, the charge capture like took more than 30 days. I, I wanted to look at this without those. Cause I thought maybe there's like a data problem. And I think that the TLDR here for you is that there is a big gap between when an encounter happens and when you actually submit a charge and that. I mean, we know vast majority. Yeah, you know this, the average is 11 days. But like a lot of these are taking like eight to 30 days. And this is something that, if we were your billing company, we would really like chip away at this because the goal would be, hey, once you sign a note, we're doing the whole audit for you. We show you exactly what to change. And then once you change it, we submit it. We want to submit same day.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Right.
Nathan Peereboom: Because every single day that you don't submit
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: and we can, once we switch over to you because of the way you've got it set up right now, which, I mean, I know you might change it a little bit, but how you've got about the billing up at the top and us being able to generate and look at that review, we can sign it right then. And I think that's what everybody's kind of looking forward to because right now it has to be copied over. The billing has to be put in and everything. So yes, that, that, that is one reason I've just been looking forward to just change it over because it's all just right there and easy.
Nathan Peereboom: It's all right there and easy. Now you have payers that are mistreating you when it comes to payment. Speed. So what you're looking at here, these are all your payers, where you've submitted more than 20 claims. And what the number on the right shows you is how long it takes them from the time they possess the claim to actually like get you the money.
Nathan Peereboom: So most home state, Medicare, Medicaid, Aetna, they're kind of better still around a month. Everything else is, is taking a lot longer. Now, this might be because of how you submitted or what you submit or how many appeals. We just have to look into this.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: We don't. So don't shoot me. We don't do any appeals because the last time that we tried it, we spent so much time and effort and just staff on it, and we got zero appeals. But Waystar says I have like a 95% first pass rate. So I think some of it is. I don't have a lot of denials. I don't, I hope, I don't, I don't know. I don't even know where I'm at right now. I'm not gonna lie.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. Let's see what your denial rate is. Huh? So this shows a much higher denial rate than what you're reading. We saw a 20% denial rate.
Nathan Peereboom: We can look at this if you actually think it's five. But we.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: I don't. That I'm talking about first pass gets past like all the scrubbers and everything. I'm not talking about getting paid because God knows that payments always. Okay, yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: So when it comes to actually getting paid, it looks like you get paid for around 80% of your. And this is again, this is just in the last few months. So I think you're losing around $45,000 just in this denial rate. Now you mentioned that a lot of this comes eligibility. So the yellow bars show you what you're losing just because your eligibility checks aren't right. So you're getting rejected because the patient has already doesn't have a deductible, it's a non covered service or they've reached their benefit max. And then the red shows things that really should not be happening. Like you're not credentialed or one of your folks is not credentialed. Timely filing duplicate claim. So this is something where again like if you had a higher quality eligibility and billing management on this, you're filing more timely. All of that. You know, like when you think about the percentage like you get it right. So this is data. We'll send it to you. I'm just going to skip around here as we go. So we. Let's see. Unbuild. Okay. Yeah. So this is something that you just need to. I assume this is a problem with the data, but it looks like there's almost 500 unbilled encounters that where documentation either wasn't started or it was started. Not signed. This 136. This is one. Like I, this, these might be no shows.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: They might be like if it was started, they were there. If it's not started, there are no shows or reschedules. And I just have to go in and take those out or not take them out. I mark them as skipped. So. And also why I have so many more than everybody else is all of our sporado is billed under me. So. So I have to go back and manually do those, but I have to manually do those because every payer does our monitoring code different.
Nathan Peereboom: Well, the nice thing about the way that we do billing is we do all of the payer specific note generation, audit generation and claim generation.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: So the one that you can't do is my Spravado though, because those visits are done different. But we can talk about that later.
Nathan Peereboom: You can tell me how we can talk about it later. Okay, so gross collection for you guys is not fantastic. So you've charged in this period around. A little over 300. Somewhere between 3 and $400,000. You've received back 140. Now the benchmark is like 55%. So you're, you're probably like 60K underneath. What is industry average for the ratio between what you collect and what you charge? Your collection rate by payers is super different. So Blue Cross Blue Shield and AM Better, they reimburse you and kind of Aetna will reimburse you at or above industry standard. And then everything else, you're getting kind of crushed with. I don't know what's going on with your Cigna, but your signal is just awful and is rocking you. Yeah, signal.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Signal is really hurting more Cigna right now. And then the second Blue Cross Blue Shield there is Arkansas. And I am like, we are literally in the middle of an investigation with the Arkansas Blue Cross Blue Shield right now because they are not paying us our 99417 that every other insurer recognizes and pays. And so the insurance commissioner is doing an investigation on them and am Better. But our AM Better one's been resolved. But we are currently in a issue with Blue Cross Blue Shield of Arkansas, uhc. You know, some of these are like just what they are. And Medicaid's always going to be like that because Medicaid, Arkansas only pays for 16 visits a year. And if any of my own auto, they run out of visits and we just end up having to do it free. And I don't know how to make that. I mean, there's just no way to make that look better on reports.
Nathan Peereboom: Nope. Yeah, and that's, that's fine. This is the kind of thing, though, that you shouldn't be fighting. This is the kind of thing that we love to fight because again, our specialty is that we are really good at complex documentation stuff.
Nathan Peereboom: So like anytime you have like a state or an insurer or a payer that's giving you just this mountain of like, paperwork, it's the exact thing we want to fight for you. Now, in terms of reimbursement, this is by CPT and payer. So these are the differences in your reimbursement by payer.
Nathan Peereboom: The differences are huge. AM Better is paying you. I mean, Ambutter.
Nathan Peereboom: Yep, Ambutter is your best. They pay you more than anyone else. Now, I added back in patient payments on this because I was like, oh, maybe the AM Better patients are just out of their deductible or something like that. You know, like the payer is paying a higher percentage of the total cost. Of care now.
Nathan Peereboom: I better even. Even when I synthesize back in the patient payments, it's still a remarkable difference. So, again, I'm going to send you this, Amanda, but I think this is something that, like, you should think about when it comes to, like, one negotiating your contracts. Like, you should go to Blue Cross Blue Shield and optimize. Like, yeah, I'm sure you have well care. I don't know what well care is doing, but they're really low. This is also just the. Your top. Five pairs.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: So that's one well care. So I'll have. I guess I'm gonna have to send in a letter to request the increase in reimbursement separate for well care. But I'm not sure why I'm having to. Because Centen owns well better and better well care and I can't remember what the other one is in Arkansas. But anyways we don't see the other one. So I guess I'm gonna have to do it separate. I thought that I did that I may not have sent one for them because we did not see a lot of wheel care until last year it started being a more popular Medicare replacement plan.
Nathan Peereboom: Yep. Okay, cool.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: UHC is on its way out the door in Arkansas. Pretty much makes sense.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay. Yeah.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: So our other thing is that we don't have a good collection company. Our company changed the way that we no have to upload stuff and it was just getting a little bit too complicated. So we are. Our patient collections, we've changed the way we're doing it, but we are not having a good time getting it. We are not having a very successful way of getting collected.
Nathan Peereboom: It doesn't sound like you are. I mean it looks like. Well, this is payer pair reception. So this is not. This doesn't include patient. But if, if your payer receivables are any indication, there is a lot of money locked up in these payers right now. So this is money.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Fix that. Because if I can't get them to pay, how are you gonna get them to pay?
Nathan Peereboom: I mean we, we have ways of just like appealing till the cows come home. You know, we've got AI callers, we've got letter writers, we've got like email, like auto emailing. But also we just like write the claims really, really well. We make sure the notes are defensible. We're able to package that up super fast. So you know, obviously not all of this would get fixed and get paid for. Right. Like some of it you're just going to get paid for because you know, things get submitted faster.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Right.
Nathan Peereboom: We know eventually comes through. But. But yeah, I mean I think that what you should expect of the $417,000 that's outstanding is probably 153K. So what we're doing is we're adjusting based on the age of the collectible what we think you're actually going to get back. So obviously of that of AR that's over 120 days old, we think you're basically going to get nothing back. But of the things that are 0 to 30 days, there's probably a 90% hole, so there's not no money out here. But you just do want. You want this cash on hand. We talked about denials. I won't reiterate it.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: UHC is a problem. Yeah. So. Thing is just horrible.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. So look, there's. There's a lot of leakage here. And I think that's exciting because it means that we could have a big impact for y' all in terms of recommendations. I think that obviously, like, you, you should definitely go through, figure out those unsigned doc. You just got to send those out the door. The faster you send them out the door, the better. I think that there's some unapplied payments, probably like 1200, $1300 of that. There's a lot in accounts receivable that needs follow up. We need to shrink the time that it takes for all of you to sign so that you get on a faster submission cycle. And I think that you really need to have someone paying attention to the way that you guys do eligibility and gate patient visits based on it, because you're not getting paid for a significant amount of. I mean, you're losing $18,000.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Just like right now, we're having to manually, like, we literally just printed off all of our patient accounts and this took us like three or four weeks to go through them all and put. No, we have to like put a, like manually put in a notification balance. And I was like, oh my God, there's not a good way for us to do this. But that's the only way for my secretary to know that they have other. Like she has to go into every chart and look at them when they're scheduled. And you know, I'll be honest with you, when I'm seeing patients back to back to back to back to back, and you see how much I'm seeing compared to everybody else, I don't have time to go in and look at all everybody's balance either because I'm seeing patients like literally back to back to back. I do not leave my office. I mean, like, it's to the point that my staff brings me lunch, what I eat, because they know that I'm not gonna eat because I'm like, non stop. So I do know I need help. I need help with this. I need help to delegate this. I am terrified to do that because this is our livelihood. And I've had a bad experience in the past with this because people think, oh my God, it's easy. But tell you, Jack, with Arkansas, let me just tell you, my billing company that dropped us with no notice, okay? And because they said they were no longer going to bill in Arkansas because Arkansas is a pain in the butt now, it is not as bad as Missouri, but anyways, I've got it kind of figured out. I know some of this stuff, but the problem is there's not a good way. And you sing that when you went in there looking for the reports. It. There's not a good way to keep this. It's horrible. I don't have a dashboard that I can go in and look and see where my problems are.
Nathan Peereboom: Here's my promise to you, Amanda. If you want us to help with this, this exact report, I can personally deliver to you. Every week. Like we have like, I didn't. I mean I, I spent some time on this obviously, but this is a machine that we've built. Like we've built an AI that goes through and swims through all of your data and like crosses things together, attaches, you know, patient encounter IDs with payer encounter IDs like in it does magic that like is superhuman. And I think that yes, other billing companies have struggled with this, but we're not a billing company really. Like, we're tech guys. Like we're, we're people who are specialty is fighting through incredibly, incredibly hard data problems with like the most frontier technology. So I, I think that it's a decision you have to make. Of course.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: But can we do this? Because I know I'm going to change over to at least a certain percentage of doing this.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Can we do. Since we know this is all brand new, this is going to be new to you guys and this a big risk for me that I have to do mine first. Okay, but you say mine is also the largest percentage of our revenue in the clinic. So is there like. Because I'm like looking at revenue and I'm paying for you guys and I'm also still paying for my old ehr. Is there.
Nathan Peereboom: Here's what I think.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Okay.
Nathan Peereboom: We could just take one pair. Like why don't you give us one pair and see what we do with it. You'll know exactly what you were making before and we can just show you. Hey, here's before and after. If you want to move the other pairs over, great. But if you don't, no sweat. Why don't you give us like one payer to go after?
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Why don't you take my three worst pairs?
Nathan Peereboom: Take your. Your worst three pairs. But how do you want to grade your worst payers? You want it in terms of worsen speed, worse in terms of denial rate, or worse in terms of reimbursement rate? Which one do you want? Pick your poison.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Oh God, they're all bad. So do you. You see, my. My daily life. That's why I got a headache on Fridays.
Nathan Peereboom: All right, let me tell you what I would want if I were to.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Tell me what you think.
Nathan Peereboom: I want your highest denial pairs. I want the pairs that they give you the hardest time. So what I want is UHC Optum.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Okay?
Nathan Peereboom: That Blue Cross Blue Shield in Missouri. Not the Kansas City one. Your Kansas City one works great for you.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: That's my Missouri one. They. I just got them fixed. This took me over a freaking year and another billing company could not get them. Or a credentialing company could not get them figured out. I had to do it myself.
Nathan Peereboom: Uhc, Optum and Blue Cross, Blue Shield. Missouri. The bad one. Okay.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: No, that's Arkansas.
Nathan Peereboom: Oh, I'm sorry. Arkansas. Arkansas. Missouri. Yeah, sorry. Arkansas. So those three, you get a reimbursement rate of 43%, 42%. And 22% on those. Let us take those.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Okay.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Okay. And we do this like a 60. 60 day trial or 90 days. What. What do you think is sufficient to show me what you can do?
Nathan Peereboom: I think we need two months because we have to set up the templates. We have to. We have to collect those pair docs. We have to let them actually go through the cycle of, like, we submit and then we get the money back. It probably takes two or three months.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Okay.
Nathan Peereboom: Before, like any. You know, so it takes time.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: There just is. They're horrible.
Nathan Peereboom: But Amanda, I want to start with you so fast. Like, I want to. I want to get you an answer really quickly. So what if we set up a kickoff for this on Wednesday at. Could you do Wednesday?
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: I got one appointment on Wednesday. Let me look what it is real quick.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: I didn't. Forgot what it is.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: It might be you. A calendar. What did I. What do I got on Wednesday? Where's my calendar? We. We know. And part of this is. Oh, my God. I wasn't. I never planned on getting this big. Okay. I don't even know what day it is.
Nathan Peereboom: So Wednesday the 25th. How does 1pm Eastern, 12pm Central sound to you?
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: That's fine. If I got another appointment, I'll move it. I know I got another appointment because somebody asked me something about something on Wednesday, and I remember.
Nathan Peereboom: All right, here's what I'm going to do. I'm going to set the appointment and I'm going to send you our msa. The only thing that's required for that appointment. There are two things. One, come with your payer documents for those three payers that we talked about, and then to make sure the MSA is signed, because we can't.
Nathan Peereboom: So we can't touch this stuff with msa.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Okay. What's the msa?
Nathan Peereboom: It's just the agreement that says, like, hey, you. You acknowledge that. Like, you know, we're doing your billing for you, and this is like what we're. You know, this is the pricing and all that.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Really quick question. This is another thing I ran into later.
Nathan Peereboom: Sure.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Where are the doc. So what's your plan on documents? Are all my documents and all my checks still going to come to me?
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, if you want that to happen, that's fine.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Yeah. Because I had. So when Athena did it, they set us up like some kind of freaking P.O. box in, like, Idaho, Iowa or somewhere. And the state, like, where you go in and find, like, lost money, it has like a ton of money that's sitting there. It's over a certain amount, so it won't give me. Then if it's over a certain amount. It won't tell me how much it is. And since I cannot prove I have a connection to that address and it's been so long ago, I can't get that money. I can. I have no access to it. And so I want my documents to come to my clinic. I don't care them in and send them to you.
Nathan Peereboom: That's fine.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Yeah, because I don't want them going anywhere else. It's pain in the ass. Okay? I'm just sorry, but this is what it is.
Nathan Peereboom: That's fine. As long as we receive the ERA for those.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: I need to know too. You didn't know for. Sure the other day. Exactly what documents I need to ask for.
Nathan Peereboom: When I call the payers, I am going to send it to you. It's. It's the contract you have with them that's the most important. And then the fee schedule.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Those are the two things that we know.
Nathan Peereboom: All right, Amanda, I have to run right now, but I'm going to send you the msa. Make sure it's signed before. Before Wednesday, and then I'll also follow up with those document requests. Okay?
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Okay.
Nathan Peereboom: Awesome. Looking forward to this. Have a great weekend.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Okay, you too.
Nathan Peereboom: Bye.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Bye.