Christopher Hume: Long time, no chat. Any final thoughts on our meeting today?
Jack Waugh: Just a couple of questions I think that I was jotting down. Let me see here. Okay, so I know you kind of first asked him if he was looking to get off headway. And interested in getting independently credentialed. So is that, like a typical first question you might ask in this meeting if you know what they're using? What are you using? Are you looking to get off of this and that kind of thing?
Christopher Hume: Yeah. How the ecosystem works is that credentialing is a huge pay in the ass. And so one of the benefits that people get from using somewhere like a headway is they are credentialed through headway. They can just immediately get up and running and they don't have to fight with insurance companies. Themselves. I was asking because we can actually credential them now. If he's like, yeah, it's a pain. I haven't been able to get started. I would have been like, hey, we got you. Let's get you an intro meeting. Unfortunately for us, but fortunately for him, it sounds like he had already been able to manage most of that.
Jack Waugh: Gotcha.
Christopher Hume: Yeah, so that's what I was asking to see where he was in the process of getting off headway.
Jack Waugh: Okay, that makes a lot of sense. I think I had one other question here about it. Well, actually, that might have been the only question. I think it was more just about. So you're thinking of the pipeline as, like, okay. Here's where are you at in the process right now? Kind of like, what are you looking to do next? And then really, the goal of the first call is just to get them. To do the analysis on the next call, right?
Christopher Hume: Yes, I would have preferred if he was not credentialed because they're not doing credentialing because it would have been awesome. Okay, let's do your analysis of headway. So we'll walk through that, and then we'll tell you about our credentialing suite. Because CREDENTIALING. Is like a really easy thing that we do well. Easy, but simple for us to sell and he has to pay for that. And it would be something like this. He's giving us access to his ehr. It's a commitment. Next, I want him to pay for something and then get him to use our scribe, and then I want to push him deeper in. We're going to have to do is Nate's going to have to do this analysis. God knows what's going to show up. I don't know if I've ever done it with an MSO before, with a headway or a growth therapy. And we're going to have to find in there something that we can use as a hook. Be like, hey. You want to try and use Jotsy to fix this?
Jack Waugh: Okay? So the thinking that you're ideally pitching them something they're going to buy first and kind of starting with whether that's credentialing or jots like the scribe and kind of walking them or. I don't know, maybe it's not that.
Christopher Hume: 's a really good point. The ideally, he would already have a few. He'd be like, hey, I'm splitting my time between grow and I have so my own patients. My billings and mess. I have this offshore pillar, and we're like, whoa, whoa, whoa. Let's do an analysis of your offshore biller. We'll let you know what's up. And then afterward, if we can help you make that better, we will. And if not, no pressures, no pressure, and then everyone's billing. And so we definitely be able to be like, hey, do you want, like, a two week free trial? We can get you rolled up and we can start doing billing for you. We guarantee. And like, when you're looking at the data, it's so easy to tell someone. For him. It's going to be harder because he's already doing credentialing, which is a pain. He's not doing any of the billing himself. So even if he's screwed, even if headways destroying him, I don't think there's anything we could do.
Christopher Hume: Because Headway handles all of that for him. This is like a unique one. I don't really know how this is going to go. I think it's more like a relationship building exercise. If he's trying to build a multi person practice and we could do billing for that, he trusts us huge amount of money.
Jack Waugh: Okay? So is the eventual goal with him to get him off headway completely?
Christopher Hume: Yes. He probably wants to do that already.
Jack Waugh: Okay.
Christopher Hume: I think that's what he's going to do, but. A hypothesis that we should start calling people's headway numbers and be like, hey, are you interested in independent credentialing, everyone? It's so interesting. These platforms started off everyone loved him, and now everyone hates them is they take so much money.
Jack Waugh: Right.
Christopher Hume: And so there's kind of like a vague almost where we can charge them 8% of their revenue. And they're making so much more than they were before. And we're making so much more than we were before. That's, like, the argument. It's, like, kind of tough because we're building the building. The plan is replying. It.
Jack Waugh: But sure.
Christopher Hume: Okay. Any other questions there?
Jack Waugh: No, I think that was everything as far as that meeting goes.
Christopher Hume: Okay? How are things going this week? Seems like you had some success with mpez. Seems like the HubSpot list maybe not working so well. What's going on?
Jack Waugh: Yeah, I mean, exactly that. The NPEZ list is still. I mean, I booked someone this week for a meeting and I just spoke with someone who is thinking of opening her own practice. So I put her on the lukewarm stage. HubSpot. But she said she's not going to be there for another few months. So more success there on the HubSpot list though. Just not having any luck with the people who I am getting through to. Quick hang ups. Just not interested.
Christopher Hume: Have you gone through all your leads? Are they all in sequence right now?
Jack Waugh: Yeah, they're all in.
Christopher Hume: Do you have a good. Do you have, like, a good level of work right now? People call emails to send stuff like that.
Jack Waugh: Yeah, I would say so. Between all the HubSpot stuff and the NPAs, at least for this week, for next week might change,
Christopher Hume: but I'm going to have a whole nother poll of people. Yeah. Okay? So here's what we're going to do. So we're going to work on now. We're going to just. I mean, we're just going to keep going down the ship. We need more numbers. I'm going to start piping into your task. Warm leads. So people are. We have a pipeline of people who are saying they're interested in jobsc, and then they're, like, expressing interest on Facebook, and then.
Jack Waugh: Cool.
Christopher Hume: We need to just annihilate them with calls to get them through the door. That's something. Hope to do it tomorrow. And they'll just automatically, when they submit their shit on Facebook, they're going to show up as a person that you need to call and they're just going to show up, whatever. Every day? Probably. You're probably going to call them every day for two weeks until they tell us to stop when they sign up for a meeting. Because once someone gives us their information to contact them, Full speed ahead. No, we still need to make those adjustments to the script, but is there anything else that I can do? To help you. You think? Is there anything wrong with the list? And it's kind of hard to tell. People hanging up on you. What do you think? If you were king for a day, are there any changes you would make?
Jack Waugh: Well. The only thing I would say is this. If I'm getting a phone call from someone I've never heard of, right? The first thing I'm going to want to know, especially maybe not as much for the NPEZ people, because we just seem to be having decent. It's working decently well. Yeah, I know. It's like, go figure. But anyway. But for the people who are in HubSpot because they're maybe a little bit higher up and they don't have time or they think they already know. I guess if I were getting that kind of call, I would need to hear very quickly why I needed to care about the other person. Or kind of like I would just need some context for why this is really interesting right away. I don't know. That's my best guess. I definitely don't. Not saying I have all the answers there, but that would be my best.
Christopher Hume: I have more insight than I do calling these people. Okay, it's a good thing. Okay, so Jack and I know kind of the elephant in the room as I'm horribly delayed and the new cop structure. I have this spreadsheet is almost done. I need to do it with Nate this afternoon and I would like. So I have a meeting on the calendar with him. He's not booked. If it kills me, we're walking through it today. If you don't have to stay up till midnight to get him, do you have 15 minutes tomorrow to connect? Because I want to walk through it together and give you time to think and all that.
Jack Waugh: In the morning. Central right now?
Jack Waugh: I don't know. Was there maybe 10:30 or 11 central, which would be like noon or 11aM I guess I could do eastern time. 11am Is that workable?
Christopher Hume: Perfect.
Jack Waugh: Yeah, it's perfect. Okay.
Christopher Hume: Yeah. And so, as I said, the way this is, I hope to have this work is you're just in charge of, well, quickening your list, but you're in charge of your own, where it's like, You'll sit in a few more job buildings, you'll sit in a few more John Rx meetings, and then we can talk about strategy for how we want to set you up. Like, if you want a bunch of solo providers because you think that's where the money is, we can give you more of those. If you're like, Chris, I need some bigger fish to make this worth my time. We can start adjusting your lead list so it focuses on bigger people. Because right now, the friction I'm seeing. Is you're having success with a lot of small clinics. But, like, if you're getting paid a percentage of their first month, obviously that's capped. But we're having a lot more time, a lot more trouble getting in contact with decision makers at bigger clinics. So I want your compensation to be your bonus, your base, but I want your compensation to be aligned with kind of the revenue that you're bringing us. And I want you to kind of feel comfortable taking over the calling, but then the follow up as well. We'll walk through this all tomorrow and we can talk about where you think the best way to deploy you is. At that point, we're going to be completely aligned. Because the more revenue you bring in, the better for me and the better for your bonus, too.
Jack Waugh: Sure. Yeah, I just had a quick question on that. The only real question I had was in terms of volume for that, because right now we're at maybe. I don't know, one to one and a half meetings booked per week through this. I guess that's the main question is are we expecting something different in terms of volume for how many people were getting in the doors? That kind of like, on track with what?
Christopher Hume: Yeah, I think like a stretch goal for cold outbound. Would be seven, and that would be like, a huge stretch, which I think is in line with just over one and a half a week. I think the issue is if all those meetings are with solo providers, It's just hard to make the math work right, because there's only so much money we can squeeze out of a solo provider. So that is what I'm modeling now in a way that's like. And, yeah, if we have to adjust your role to, like, hey, Jack, you're only going after two person, two people and up. Like. I'm not going to give you the NPEZ list anymore. You're only getting Npez if I know it's a clinic. Yeah, we can adjust it, but, I mean, I'm stoked with, like. I think you're right on track for number of meetings booked. I think we just need to get meetings with bigger. Clinic is kind of where I see this going. Does that make sense, like, strategically, from your perspective?
Jack Waugh: Yeah, it does. I just was a question I had as far as how all of that works. But I know we still got to touch base tomorrow.
Christopher Hume: No, I'll review it all the way to review it with you tomorrow and we can work through questions that are a follow up need some time to review.
Jack Waugh: Sure. Okay. That sounds good. Tomorrow at 11. That's Eastern.
Christopher Hume: No, I didn't. I have a meeting called. No title, Jack. Chris. Oh, boy. Dude, I got my. I got my room in New York for the next couple months.
Jack Waugh: Nice. Nice.
Jack Waugh: How's that working out?
Christopher Hume: We'll see. It starts April 1st, so we'll see how it goes.
Jack Waugh: Whereabouts are you guys?
Christopher Hume: Well, the office is in Brooklyn, but I'm going to be in the West Village.
Jack Waugh: Oh, ok. So, yeah, it's a great area.
Christopher Hume: Love it. I love the West Village.
Jack Waugh: Yeah, I think you guys will like it.
Christopher Hume: It's a lot of fun. It's a friend of a friend we staying with while Jojo figures out how she's going to move. The smallest two bedroom I've ever been in. I didn't know two bedrooms came that small. But just a few nights a week, so it's all good.
Jack Waugh: Standard issue.
Christopher Hume: West Village and West Village especially. Okay? Cool. And I think outstanding is review this with Nate and update the script for you. Is that right? Jack?
Jack Waugh: Yeah. Yeah, I think.
Christopher Hume: Cool. Well, we'll chat tomorrow. Near the meantime, let me know.
Jack Waugh: Okay, thanks.