Becca Bressler: Great here. I'm going to hang up my phone. How's it going? Nice to see you. Can you hear me all right?
Joseph Guthrie: I can.
Becca Bressler: Great. Well, thank you so much for making the time to chat with me. This is really, really helpful for us at Jot Psych to just hear from customers and users about what wasn't working for them and what would have added more value in the. Product. So I would love to just hear from you even if we could just back up for a bit. Could you tell me a bit about yourself, your practice and what drew you to jot psych initially just so I can get a holistic picture of your work.
Joseph Guthrie: Oh sure. I met Isaac WILF at the IMMH conference in Washington D.C. and oh, was that October? Must have been 24 I'm thinking. And so he was there able to demo jot Psych and, and that was interesting. So spoke with him.
Becca Bressler: Practitioner or do you work for or do you have a group practice or solo?
Joseph Guthrie: Solo, I do general adult and forensic psychiatry.
Becca Bressler: Got it.
Joseph Guthrie: So Isaac was able to custom make a competency to stand for a forensic template. And that worked really, really well. Jot psych worked really well for both capturing thorough clinical interviews and data and did a pretty good job with competency. It, you know, it's, it still needed training. Never quite got my style, but I thought it, I thought the results were pretty good. So I've been pleased with that for about the last two years. And then in recent months just a lot of trouble with jot psych. Well, you know, to the point that it's, it's not functional and I can't use it.
Becca Bressler: The. Can you speak a little bit more even pre some of these updates, what are the parts of your preferences or clinical voice that you felt like you were not able to get jot psych to do with training?
Joseph Guthrie: So it would, in the forensic templates it would write things that weren't necessarily true. So there was, there was a little bit of hallucination going on. So I would have to correct that particularly in regards to working with attorneys. And then there would be a lot of repetition. So it was putting the same data in multiple different places where they different didn't really belong. So you, you know, understanding the charges would show up in the mental status exam, would show up in the background just. And then working with the attorney sections. So a few different places.
Becca Bressler: Got it. That makes sense. And what it's, what you're saying is even with training, it maybe was not following your instructions to limit certain information to certain sections. Is that correct?
Joseph Guthrie: Correct.
Becca Bressler: Okay, got it. So when. So recent changes we've, we have made, you know, changes in an ongoing way. And I'd love to hear when it started from. For you to become a problem. What was kind of the first update that you had issues with? I'd love to just hear more about that.
Joseph Guthrie: So maybe it was early to mid-2025, so there were some different features added, and so the interface changed and I didn't need a lot of what was going on there. You know, the scheduling and keeping track and sending things to patients and all that stuff. Like, I needed, I needed the bare bones. Record it. Create the, Create the draft according to the template and let me cut and paste where I need to in my. In my reports and in my clinical notes. So that, that got. That got a little cumbersome. And. And there was always the thing where I would sign in with my, with my. With my Gmail account and then it would just throw up a white screen. And then I would have to. And this is the phone or iPad app or desktop Mac app. And then I would have to, you know, so I'd do that. Get the white screen, have to turn it off, have to turn it back on. So I was having to do that a couple times and just,
Becca Bressler: just, just to make sure I understand. So that was with the, like, iPhone iOS app you were experiencing. So you would have to close out of the app, reopen the app, close out of it, you know, just to get it refreshed.
Joseph Guthrie: So that.
Becca Bressler: Yeah, so you.
Joseph Guthrie: So you'd open it and you'd have to log in, and then once you successfully logged in with Gmail, you'd go to a white screen. So you'd have to close the app, reopen it, and then you were ready to record.
Becca Bressler: Got it. But it was never. I mean, obviously that's not a step that you want to have to take every single time. And it was happening regularly, is what you were saying, that you would sign in with your login. Always.
Joseph Guthrie: Yeah, gotcha.
Becca Bressler: Okay, so it sounds like you were having issues there. And then what ehr. Do you use? Just away.
Joseph Guthrie: Oh, so I've, I've used. So in my practice, I use simple practice. Okay. We also, I've used I can Notes Advanced md. It just depends on Meditech. Just depends. Just depends on the contract and who I'm working with at the time right now.
Joseph Guthrie: Simple practice is what you're. Yes. Yeah, simple practice is what I'm using. And then just, you know, for my forensic reports, it's just Word documents.
Becca Bressler: Got it. So it sounds like you were sort of pushed to unsubscribe recently because of updates. Can you walk me through when that started?
Joseph Guthrie: Like, not because of updates it was because it wouldn't work. So since the beginning I have typically used jot psych, a tab open in Google Chrome and then I have my telehealth window open in another tab. That video going. Hit Record, share the telehealth video screen. And that can be that, you know, that could have been doxy me or, you know, one of the, or my simple practice has a telehealth. Now if I'm using Zoom, then I have to use the desktop or iPad or, you know, I have to use the iOS app because it can't capture Zoom that way from the Chrome tab and never had an issue, you know, click Record, share the. Share the screen. Yeah, and, and we're good. And I, I really liked it because even after the telehealth visit is over, I can still dictate things, say things into the, into the, you know, earpod. And that's what I've always used is Apple EarPods. Same, same Apple EarPods. And no problem, just worked great. And then starting maybe in the fall of 2025, there were multiple forensic and clinical evaluations where I didn't know, you know, the first time especially that was, you know, I lose a lot of time if I think it's recording and the draft is going to be there. And then thankfully I always take notes and so. But then I got to go, you know, type it all in and it, it kind of changes the, you know, just takes me that much longer. So I'm, I'm killing 30 minutes to an hour. Yeah. Using my. Going from my notes and typing it. Typing it in. So on the third time that that happened and just the unsatisfactory response I got from Support, the first, the first response, I think they were really, I think they were really trying. And then the last two times, no. So it's just, you know, now I was just not impressed with the response I got from Nate. You know, I don't know if he meant to phrase it this way, but he basically phrased it as a user problem. Okay, well then the user can go pay somebody else.
Becca Bressler: So.
Joseph Guthrie: Yeah, so I found another company that's very, very responsive, you know, doesn't charge me extra for the creation of the templates. Very responsive, very professional in the email communications. And that was within the seven day trial period. So I was very impressed with.
Becca Bressler: You were feeling like you were getting hands on support during the trial, which was very helpful is what you're saying.
Joseph Guthrie: Oh yeah, yeah, it was.
Becca Bressler: Compared to the response from Support. What software have you found to really like.
Joseph Guthrie: Twofold.
Becca Bressler: Twofold. Okay. A little bit more questions actually for you about the. So it sounds like. You started experiencing recording issues in late 2025. So this is fall. It sounds like you said fall 2025, when you. The. The unsatisfactory response that you got from Nate. Do you. Was that recent? Was that at the end of last year? I'm curious.
Joseph Guthrie: Yeah, I would just even love to end of, maybe end of December. So I interacted with. I interacted with Chris Hume. That was, that was early December. So he was. Yeah, he put forth some good effort. Didn't, you know, didn't. Didn't really figure anything out, but at least he was trying. And then Nate would have been for the end of December. Yeah, December 30th.
Becca Bressler: Got it. I want to see if I can find this correspondence just so I can learn what happened. So you, you had requested to cancel a week ago. However, is. Was there some thing that you were experiencing since that interaction with Nate that didn't. Was, you know, not satisfying for reasons I totally understand, to be totally honest. Like, I never think it's. It's user error if you, even if you don't know how to use the software, what you're doing, that's a failure on our part for making it obvious and clear. So I totally understand you there. As far as like last week goes, was there another event that really.
Joseph Guthrie: Yeah, it was. It was another issue where it would. It wouldn't record.
Becca Bressler: So it was. It was still a recording issue. And like, just to spell out the precise issue you were having is it, you know, you're pressing record and you're seeing the waveforms, but then it's not actually capturing audio or you can't press. No.
Joseph Guthrie: Yeah, so that's a good question. So hit you. You hit record, you share the screen. It. It goes, you know, goes to the video screen. And then I would, because of what happened the times before, I would go back and. And to check and see if it was recording and it wasn't. So.
Joseph Guthrie: Okay, when you would go back. Not recording. Yeah, so it, you know, it. You hit record, it goes through the, you know, share the, the video screen you want to record. You click on that and then it switches over to the screen. And I've learned to. Had to learn to go back and check the Jot Psych tab and it's not recording. So I've closed out Jot Psych, logged out, log back in, start recording again. You know, asking the patient and the evaluate. Hang on just a second, let me. Let me get a few things on my side. Side burn time and just professionalism. Trying to click around and make that work. You know, doing that multiple times and. Yeah, and still not working. And then you know, the twofold click and go and it's like Jot Psych used to do.
Becca Bressler: Yeah. So and fall of 2025, you had been recording prior to that using that setup. That was not a new type of recording setup for you.
Joseph Guthrie: Nothing is new. Same, same camera, same Mac mini, same AirPods, same. Yeah, same, you know, doxy, me, everything the same. Nothing different.
Becca Bressler: Got it. Okay, okay, got it. So, okay, this is super helpful. So you were trying to share the audio with Jot Psych, but then you would go back, you would select the steps, you would go back and you would see that it just wasn't capturing the recording. All right, that's helpful. And you were experiencing that as recently as last week.
Joseph Guthrie: Either last week or week before last. Let's see, that would have been. Yeah, I'm not sure. I'm not sure that was either the first week of January or last week. I'm not. Got it. I'm not sure.
Becca Bressler: Looking and, and even approximate how often was it was this like one every five sessions you were doing.
Joseph Guthrie: Oh, every. Every time.
Becca Bressler: So is every.
Joseph Guthrie: So how Jot Psych became a total. It was a total failure.
Becca Bressler: Got it. So you were not even able. It wasn't like every other time. It was literally unable to.
Becca Bressler: So super interesting. And I. Okay, got it. And the steps are just. I'm saying it back to you just so I can like bring all of this back to my team. It's. It's almost like. Let me share my screen with you actually for a second.
Becca Bressler: Okay, so what you're doing, let's see, You're actually seeing kind of a new recorder screen. That's what that is. Let me see. So let me make sure you. Oh, you're still not seeing my home screen. Hold on, let's see. Google Meet is not my favorite.
Joseph Guthrie: And one thing I didn't mention in the interim, I did a trial of the Notetaker AI in simple practice. It's an add on feature and it did very well. It captured. My writing style immediately. Very, very impressive.
Becca Bressler: So why not go with that? It sounds like you picked a different software
Joseph Guthrie: because sometimes I use the doxy me and sometimes I need it to be in person. So like when I'm rounding somewhere else or maybe I'm. I'm going to see somebody in the jail. So every, every person I see is not exclusively on Simple Practice where I can use that. That function. Now I can record in person using Simple Practice but like I say, sometimes I'm using the DoxyMe or another telehealth platform. So I need that flexibility.
Becca Bressler: Got it. So. Alrighty. This is not actually having issues with this right now, but. So you would have been. Let me just get to a. Stop. Sharing. So you would have been collecting. I don't. My page is not loading probably because I'm on a Google Meet at the same time. So you would have been on jot site clicking record. You get a pop up and the tab that you're sharing is the Google Meet or the Doxy or whichever. Like that's the. You're. You're selecting the telehealth tab. That's the one that you would be selecting. Right?
Joseph Guthrie: Right.
Becca Bressler: Yeah, whatever.
Joseph Guthrie: Whichever one that video is in.
Becca Bressler: Okay, got it. This is super helpful to hear because I actually haven't. When I've been looking in the customer support. It's not something that's come up. Do you. Oh, I canceled your account. I would be curious to watch it happen with you. But. But I think we went ahead and canceled your account. But. But okay. This is helpful and I really appreciate your time. Is there anything else while I have you that you can share about the output of the. No. Or the, you know, things that would have. I mean it sounds like recording issues is. Is the reason that that job site wasn't working for you.
Becca Bressler: But I'm curious if. Yeah. If there's any other feedback you have about the product that was, you know, maybe it was good enough but it would have provided more value if it was even better in this way.
Joseph Guthrie: Yeah. If there, you know, if there was some way to capture that. That style either in my forensic notes or my clinical notes. Yeah, that, you know, if there was something that did it as well as the note taker and simple practice. Yeah, that would, that would have been. That would have been a benefit. Yeah. But it was, you know, it was. I thought it was. I thought it was good output. It was usable especially on the clinical notes. That was. That was fine.
Becca Bressler: Got it. Did simple practice ask you to share a note with it while it was learning your. I mean, presumably they have your notes, so they learn from it, but there was never any sort of active step for you to give them an example of your perfect note?
Joseph Guthrie: No.
Becca Bressler: Yeah, that makes sense. All right, Joseph, thank you so much for your time. I'm gonna, of course, provide this feedback to the rest of our team. It's not great. It's not good news for us when, you know, customer leaves and especially for issues that we should have prevented from happening. You're paying for a service. It should work for you. So, yeah, I really apologize for your experience with it, and I do really appreciate your time. And we'll send you a gift card later today for. Yeah, for giving that to us. Because you don't have to, especially after your experience with the software. So I really, really do appreciate your time.
Joseph Guthrie: Sure thing. Thanks, Becca. You have a good day.
Becca Bressler: Yeah, you too. Goodbye.
Joseph Guthrie: Bye.
Becca Bressler: Bye.