Christopher Hume: This company is known for its design and customer experience. That's like the whole point of Apple. And everything they do is so good. And yet every time I join a meeting, I get like that. Can't connect to your phone, and then none of my audio is working. I'm like, I'm on Reddit threads trying to figure out how people turn it off. I'm like, it's not working. Dad. Okay. Wow. Sorry. As I was talking, I saw the front tickets. You were exposed to Ryan. Welcome.
Ryan McAnelly: The Wednesday morning.
Christopher Hume: As I was saying, a lot of people, by being in behavioral health, aren't super friendly. Your site is being a piece of crap again. Those are covered notes. Whole other issue anyways. Is it caustic? Oh, Jesus. That's actually really bad.
Garden Gioia: Yeah.
Christopher Hume: So this is one of our biggest accounts. All of a sudden not so funny that he's being mean. That's really bad. Okay? So this is.
Garden Gioia: One.
Christopher Hume: James, I'm sorry to hear that you've been experienced on relationship platform. Our team is looking. While you're not getting second processing, please know it's a prime for us and working to a solution as quickly as possible.
Christopher Hume: Yeah, I think that's really all we can do here, Ryan. Yeah, it's probably not even worth, at this point asking for the date and time because there's actually just an issue right now. Yeah.
Christopher Hume: I think I would close it up with, like, after I connect to the engineering team, I'll follow up.
Ryan McAnelly: Okay?
Garden Gioia: Have you seen that before? Where notes that are submitted are like, recovered.
Christopher Hume: Yes. So jobs like will like auto recover notes and so they'll see them as recovered. That's what he's talking about.
Ryan McAnelly: Is there a different. I mean. Why would he care? Just out of curiosity, if a note is recovered versus not.
Christopher Hume: I think. I think it just doesn't give him. My instinct is there's probably some that are stuck in processing, too. And he's like, why is this keep happening? But let's check. Oh, my God. I don't really know. This is just one. We're going to have to go to the engineers and be like, An psychiatric. Oh, good. I hope we just have all B to B customers. Because I had one of our biggest accounts emailed me last night being like, what the hell is going on?
Garden Gioia: Really?
Christopher Hume: Yeah. Luckily. Yeah. No. He's like, me and this guy are kind of boys. So he's like, chris, I have lots of complaints. Is this the appropriate place to share them? I haven't responded yet. Selling along those lines. But as I was going to say, lucky for us, he has like a 16 person group on an annual contract. We're still only like, three months in, so we have lots of time to fix the issues.
Ryan McAnelly: I couldn't pull up any information about this canopsychiatric, but looking at their website, they're pretty big. So I assume this is a big customer.
Christopher Hume: I actually don't know if they're a big customer. Let me see. This is crazy. I forget what her. I think it's actually Lola.
Garden Gioia: Wrong one, but I saw something for Kana on her website.
Christopher Hume: Oh, down here. Down here, Yeah. Good catch. The brain is an organ. Dr. Lola. Ebay. Maybe this big, actually. Let's see. Think it's just Lola. Oh, interesting, though. So it's just Lola? Services about us.
Ryan McAnelly: Their locations all over.
Christopher Hume: Interesting, though. Look, when you go to schedule an appointment, The only person is Lolo. That is so. Okay. These real offices? Lola must be super busy. At washington and arizona. Yeah, that's really interesting. Patience.
Christopher Hume: Yeah, I think people do this sometimes. We do have customers who talk about us. Talk about us, talk about the group, our philosophy, and then it's one person. I think that's what this is. But wonder if she just rents. Office space like a room. In a bunch of locations. And primarily just telehealth. No, no. This is really interesting. Right. I don't have a good answer for you here. On how big the clinic is, but I know she's only paying for one account. Today. I'm glad. Wow. What a terrible. Old email.
Ryan McAnelly: Oh, yeah.
Christopher Hume: Space. Enter. And then we have our partner emailing you. Good. Leaked. I just like to Ferris. No risk. Offer no risk. Yeah. Ozzles. Oh, my God. So my old job. A lot of government stuff and security stuff. I always get stressed when someone sends me just a link in a random email. But I think probably going to click it.
Christopher Hume: I just make sure it's a real person. I'll get viruses for mrr. Right on. I feel like we've worked with this. Oh, yeah, look, we did. That. Was lost reason. It's no risk. Nate sourced this deal, I think. And at the end of the meeting, Nate was like, hey. Nate and the guy were kind of, like, had similar backgrounds. Nate was like, hey, completely understand. You're not going to proceed with us. Could you tell us why? And the guy was. Honestly, you made a few comments that just made me really question the company, and I just want to be upfront with you. It was brutal because Nate's, like, really good at these sales calls, but there was something about Nate made some comment that just, like, the guy did not like. It was, like, super innocuous. It was, like, We just want to be a horse in the race or something like that. Talk about how we wanted to compete. And he's like, that made me feel like you were in a serious company, and I'm just not going to.
Garden Gioia: And they was like, Okay.
Christopher Hume: I think it was the ex private equity guy. Those dudes don't mess around.
Christopher Hume: I think that's why he and Nate kind of bonded, because they did private equity, too. Okay, so I think what we're going to do here, Ryan, let's just see. So you said. Well, Nate to Chris. You're right. Scheduled demo. I think what I'm actually going to do is go to Nate. I think he was on a texting conversation with Jot. Who is not cc'd here. 's our contact? Josh at Bright. Ryan. Super helpful. We don't have a last name.
Christopher Hume: I think this is just so. I give you guys way too much information about a deal that's never going to go through. Not him. I think this is like a roll up where he's acquiring a bunch of. Linux. They're trying to optimize them. Yeah, we'll chase this down. Great find. Michelle. I'm very frustrated with this program. Michelle. I'm sorry to hear that you're frustrated with the program that still kind of experience we want for you. I'm just sharing about which feature programs and passages are shining serious. Your input helps us improve. I would also say here Ryan, we're going to want to add just. Once you share your feedback, I'm happy to work with you to resolve the issue or jump on a call and share the link, okay? Oh, yeah, and I saw Edwards last night. I'm like, Edward's like, hi, I let someone use a tool in my clinic that I didn't own or pay for or have control over. Now that he left my clinic, can you deactivate his tool that he owned and paid for himself?
Christopher Hume: I don't really know how to do that. I actually don't know what to say here, because looks like Tesla's act is. Oh, interesting. He did use the southeast. This is like a. There's no. That's a kind of. That's an interesting finding, Ryan, and that's a good instinct to see what you email he's using. Like. I agree, but it's, like, also not our place, especially if this guy's moonlighting on the side. Like, we cannot. Like, oh, well, he's a contractor with you, so we're going to nuke all his patient notes. He was also a contractor with three other firms. This is a really hard one. I think what I'm this is one I'd ask you guys to elevate to me because I'm probably going to have to elevate to our privacy and security officers Nate and Jackson and be like, hey, this is the situation I think recommending. Being like, hey, if he's paying for it himself. We can't just turn it off. This is really between you two and just defer.
Christopher Hume: I don't know if either of you have any other thoughts here.
Garden Gioia: It's an interesting situation. So has it come up before that, like, a provider leaves an organization, and then the organization wants to, like, own the notes but cut off access?
Christopher Hume: Don't want to besmirch anyone who may be a colleague of yours, Julia, but a lot of these clinics do not worry that much about patient records as I do. And so there's certainly people who have left, and just, like, accounts gone, they're no longer in the group. And, like, this is actually the first step anyone's ever been. Like, I'm nervous about the records for someone who's left. It's no. If you were added to a group now, you cannot be taken out. If you choose to join a group now, the clinic owns your notes. And so if Edward had added Tyler to the group, he would own all his notes, and it would be actually that impossible. But we say impossible to move them out. Like, we don't do that.
Christopher Hume: But he made a decision that he didn't want. This person to be part of his group. Sorry.
Garden Gioia: Interesting.
Christopher Hume: This is not super common, though. People. The size of customer we go after right now are not super security focused. The small behavioral health psychiatric health clinic that's willing to be on the cutting edge of tech is a little bit more of a cowboy, way fast and loose. Maximize revenue, push a lot of medication.
Garden Gioia: Gotcha.
Christopher Hume: So any thoughts, any questions here on any of the ones we've gone through? Or about anything else today.
Garden Gioia: Well, one of my thoughts just with this one is, like, if this Tyler guy left the organization, Then presumably his email address would be deactivated by the organization. And so he probably have access to J. Psych anyway, right?
Christopher Hume: We don't check that your email is active, but it means he can never change his password. If he only loses his password, there's no way for him to log in. He certainly should switch his account. Let's see. That's actually a really good question. Let's see if he signed in with Google.
Christopher Hume: That's a good point. Deactivated his Google account. No, unfortunately, his email password, so. I would recommend not taking any action here because this is not our job know workplace disputes.
Garden Gioia: Yeah. Okay? Yeah.
Christopher Hume: That was a good thought, though, Joya.
Garden Gioia: Okay.
Christopher Hume: Okay? So the other thing, the other takeaway I want to have here is like this. Is maybe not five alarm. This is like a four alarm fire. Where we have our biggest customer telling us our site is being piece of crap. It was emailed by, like, a top end customer last night. As soon as we wrap up this call, I'm just going to call. Marcus, our engineer. He has cleared his schedule today to try and work through these issues, but it needs to be elevated to him. That, like, this is, like, starting to hit, like, a critical point where we have, like, angry big ticket customers. And there's clearly something wrong, and I'm going to flag that for everyone in the pesters for chat. Get a flag, Nate and Jackson, and let them know we're getting, like, a very negative feedback from these people.
Ryan McAnelly: Okay? Yeah.
Christopher Hume: Any final thoughts from you guys? Okay, cool. Ryan, I'm going to review your proposed emails this morning and I'll give you a thumbs up. You can get cracked on it. I'm sure I'm not going to have very many changes. Joya already gave you the thumbs up on your articles. We will chat. Again this afternoon. I know. Ryan, you're with me on the 10:30. You're running the 12 o'clock. Enjoy. You're running the 3:00 Eastern or. I'm sorry.
Garden Gioia: The 22 o'clock eastern.
Christopher Hume: Two o'clock two o'clock eastern are Eve Brian, I added you to the 1:00 Eastern doesn't have time work for you.
Ryan McAnelly: Possibly. I might not be able to make it, but I might be there.
Christopher Hume: When? When will you know? Sorry? Because I'm actually busy during that time. If you're not going to know until moment of, that's fine, but I just need to make sure that we have someone who's able to attend.
Ryan McAnelly: We're waiting on a delivery that that's coming to say they're going to be here late this afternoon, but sometimes they come early.
Christopher Hume: Okay. I'll tell Adam. Unless, Joya, you. You're blocked off, then, correct?
Garden Gioia: Yeah, I just looked. I just double checked and blocked.
Christopher Hume: Nope. This is what happens when meetings are scheduled at other people's calendars and we try and triage them to you. This is why I kind of would not be a forever process, so I'll just make sure Adam's able to make it. Ryan, if you could jump on, that'd be super. Helpful. We'll go from there.
Ryan McAnelly: Awesome.
Christopher Hume: Thank you, guys.
Ryan McAnelly: See you guys.
Garden Gioia: Cool. Bye, guys.