Katherine (Annie): How are you?
Adam Harrison: I am doing well. Hey, how can I be helpful today? What seems to be going on?
Katherine (Annie): So it doesn't seem like it should be something difficult, but I want to change my email, which, you know, they use as your username also, or when you log in, you use that email that Counseling Associates is with an old company that I was with. The other concern or question, the company that I'm with now, they're going to buy a subscription to Jot Psych. So will that affect, like, I'm paying for it personally right now. How will that transition? So those are my two questions.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, so great, great question. So on the. To your first question, we don't currently have a way to change your email once you have an account. I think it's due to some of our, like, security policies and potentially like HIPAA stuff as well. But usually what we recommend is kind of like making, making an, you know, new account with the email that you want if you're like changing organizations or something like that. So I'm sorry, I know that is like kind of a bummer, but that is unfortunately, like the limitation today. Sorry, go ahead.
Katherine (Annie): Well, my question would be then, what about the patient records that I have associated with this one? They would be gone.
Adam Harrison: We would be able to do. So you're hoping to help me understand a little more. So you have patients that you are seeing as part of, like independently or with. Associated with this practice or associated with another practice.
Katherine (Annie): So when I, when I left my last practice, some of my patients came with me.
Adam Harrison: Oh, I see. I see. Makes total sense. And you are at like a group practice now, you said, and they're going to be doing a job site, group subscription.
Katherine (Annie): So if I kept this old email, as, you know, if something happened and I got locked out and I had to reset, would I have to use that email or.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, so I think, I think what's going to be the best path here just given what I know is probably what we will have our team do is we'll be able to do an export of like, your current. You'll have to pick the patients you want to export with you. So I'll have someone from our team coordinate that with you.
Katherine (Annie): Okay.
Adam Harrison: So that would be the first step. The next step would be I would create a new account with the email that you want to use. Whether it's like tied to this organization or not. Since your organization is paying for jot psych, you know, you obviously won't need to pay any anymore for that, but they will just add you as a user within their organization.
Katherine (Annie): Okay.
Adam Harrison: And then what we should be able to do is just upload those, you know, prior records into your new account. So.
Adam Harrison: Okay, I just need to, you know, that's, that's my best guess of like, what we can do here. I'm gonna send a note into our engineering team to make sure that that is like the best path. But that would be my best guess of like, how we should handle this.
Katherine (Annie): Yeah. And if I didn't keep the old records, I mean, I have the old records and there's other ways I can get them besides on here. So if I have to start over from new, it will work. It's just kind of. It's actually been really helpful to be able to look on Jet Psych and see, oh, these are the meds I had John before and those kind of things.
Adam Harrison: So. Absolutely, absolutely. Yeah, that totally makes sense. Either way, we can definitely get you like a record. So you have those for your own, like, record keeping. And then I think we, you know, we may be able to upload just the ones you want to carry over into your new account. But I, I just need to confirm with someone who's more on the engineering side and also someone who knows more about the HIPAA and security kind of protocols we have to follow there. But I think it should be doable. But that would be my suggestion. So if it's okay with you, what I'll do is I'll kind of loop back with the team quickly here and then can come back to you with a, with an update on, like, how we're going to kind of tackle this. We might be able to just do it all kind of like on our side or over email. We may need to do like a super short call with someone who's more on the engineering side. But which email? I know there were a couple emails. Which one is best for you? Just for future, like, reference and communication.
Katherine (Annie): Yeah, the new email that I want to use is the afilips h t l c dot org.
Adam Harrison: Okay, got it. And are you losing access to that other email?
Katherine (Annie): I will eventually. I haven't yet, but it's in the works. I'm kind of still transitioning a little bit, but. And I reached out to the girl through our IT department too, to find out when. I know initially she had a meeting with jot psych. And then she had the providers here do, like, a training. Trial or.
Katherine (Annie): I think it was like a free trial or something. So I don't even know the exact date or. But she said they had enough people that they were good to go to sign up for it, so.
Adam Harrison: Okay. Do you know the name of the. What would be. What does the name be under?
Katherine (Annie): It would be. It would be Memorial, probably like Memorial Behavioral Health. It's in Carthage, Illinois.
Adam Harrison: Memorial.
Adam Harrison: Okay, let me see if we have you guys in here.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, I'm sure we do.
Katherine (Annie): See, Might even be under Memorial Hospital, because that's like the umbrella we're under.
Adam Harrison: Okay. Sorry. My system is slow, so that's not. Yeah. You know, technology when you need it.
Katherine (Annie): Right.
Adam Harrison: Is of course, right when you need it. I'm getting. Yeah, just a spinning wheel here. But I'm sure. I'm sure we have you in our. In our system. And are you. Have you. Were you part of kind of the pilot program? No. At all. The trial, they did that on their own?
Katherine (Annie): Yeah.
Adam Harrison: Okay.
Katherine (Annie): No, I just. I just kept using my account that I had already paid for previously, and then their IT department got one started here, and they just wanted me to pay for the first month, and then they just, like, reimbursed me. It's kind of how we did it for that.
Adam Harrison: Oh, that makes sense.
Katherine (Annie): Yeah, that.
Adam Harrison: Okay.
Katherine (Annie): I'm just trying to be proactive and think ahead because I'm going to lose access to that email, and I want to be a part of the new group, so I'm like, I don't want to wait till the last minute and then it be messed up or something.
Adam Harrison: No, totally. Totally hear you on that. Yeah. And then you'll also be able to share templates and things with the group. So that's. That's also like another reason to do that.
Katherine (Annie): Yes.
Adam Harrison: Okay, well, I won't make you kind of wait on me while I'm just sort of checking things on the back end, so. But I've sent a note into the team. I think as of now, the plan will be we'll have and do an export of everything for your account. And then if you know, like, which patients you want to keep, we'll. We'll be able to kind of like put those into your new account. But what I would suggest is to go ahead. And start. Start kind of that fresh account, and then we can get that added to your organization.
Katherine (Annie): Okay, but. And then how will I pay for that though? Will I have to put that new account on my card or.
Adam Harrison: No. So what. What we'll be able to do is we'll just be able to add that to the memorial organization and then it all gets paid centrally by whoever the like organization owner is.
Katherine (Annie): I just wondered, when I set it up, wouldn't they ask for some kind of payment?
Adam Harrison: No, not. Not on your. No.
Adam Harrison: When you make a new account, we can just add you to Memorial the group.
Katherine (Annie): Okay.
Adam Harrison: And you'll be good to go right away. There's no. There's no payment because they. They have, you know, there's one person paying for the whole group, basically.
Katherine (Annie): It should be there. As far as I know, it should be there, so.
Adam Harrison: Oh, you already.
Katherine (Annie): You already have find it. The memorial.
Katherine (Annie): Oh, I just want to make sure because like I said, so far I think everybody's used the trial. I don't know that they've started paying yet.
Adam Harrison: Got it.
Katherine (Annie): I don't know if that would make a difference.
Adam Harrison: Okay, let me check one more time because my.
Katherine (Annie): I can try and find out from my IT person too. I just haven't she my text yet.
Adam Harrison: Memorial. What would be the name of one of the people who would be happy?
Katherine (Annie): Chelsea Humans. So it's C H E L S E A Y O U M A N S. LC Humans.
Adam Harrison: Okay. Okay. Yep. I do see there are a number of different providers in this org. There they are in the trialing period. It looks like they have three days left until the. The, like, trial ends. But, yeah, we could get you. If you create a fresh account, we could, you know, add you as. As a member to that account.
Katherine (Annie): Perfect. That's what I want to do.
Adam Harrison: Yep. So if you can feel free to just reply to. I can send you an email, actually, afterwards, and then. And I can just kind of outline the next steps from there.
Katherine (Annie): Mm.
Adam Harrison: But I just can't add you until you actually, like, create the account you want to use.
Katherine (Annie): Okay, I can do that.
Adam Harrison: Awesome. Well, thank you so much, Catherine. Once again, can't guarantee we'll be able to, like, upload the new patients. I'm going to try my best internally to advocate for that for you. But in any case, we can definitely get you added to the group, so you should be up and running.
Katherine (Annie): Okay, that sounds good.
Adam Harrison: Sorry, was it Catherine or Annie?
Katherine (Annie): I go by either one.
Adam Harrison: Okay. Well, in either case, thanks again, and we'll get this set up for you. So thank you.
Katherine (Annie): Okay, sounds good. Thanks so much.
Adam Harrison: All right, take care. Bye.
Katherine (Annie): Bye. Bye.