Jack Waugh: Hey, Monica, how are you?
Monica Dyer: Hello. Doing well. How are you?
Jack Waugh: I'm doing great, thanks for asking. How's your. How's your new year been so far?
Monica Dyer: Pretty good. And yeah, seen about nine. Nine encounters so far. Okay. Trying to get it going.
Jack Waugh: Yeah.
Jack Waugh: So this is a new practice, right?
Monica Dyer: Yeah.
Jack Waugh: Cool. Very cool. And when. So what is your. Are you. Are you a. Like a psychiatrist? Are you on the nurse practitioner side?
Monica Dyer: Yeah, saying np.
Jack Waugh: Awesome. Very cool. Well, yeah, well, appreciate you taking the time to meet with me today. Basically, I'll kind of walk you through how JOT Psych works and go through some stuff. But first just wanted to kind of ask, like, how did you hear about JOT Psych and what made you interested in trying us out?
Monica Dyer: I think it was Instagram and. And so just was trying out to.
Jack Waugh: Awesome. Yeah. And have you had a chance to check out any others recently or is jots like the main one you're checking out right now?
Monica Dyer: Yeah, there's one integrated with one of the EHRs. And then I have. I've been doing Doximity as a backup in case for some reason it didn't work order. So I've just been doing both comparing. I haven't gotten to all of the complete charts yet. I have like so, so many systems and so. Yeah, yeah, I'm still gonna. See which ones gonna be sufficient. Totally working. Yeah. The arm, EHR and headway of a delay.
Jack Waugh: Yeah, no problem. Can you hear me now?
Monica Dyer: Okay, yeah.
Jack Waugh: So you said charm and headway. Cool. Well, I can kind of walk you through some of the ways like that kind of make us unique, I think, as an AI scribe and kind of talk about that a little. And also we did just actually do a new billing feature that is actually a lot cheaper than Headway, so I'll mention that as well in case it's of interest. But first I'll show you the.
Jack Waugh: Describe portion and touch on that at the end. So just out of curiosity right now, like, where is your current, like, note taking time per week at? And like, where do you anticipate it's going to be as your practice grows over the next month or so?
Monica Dyer: I haven't.
Monica Dyer: I mean, I've been more focused on like the prescriptions and labs and everything. So I. No good average right now. Not a good measure.
Jack Waugh: That's totally fine. But I. I assume the reason you wanted to try JOT Psych was eventually to make it a little bit more concise with your time. Right. Save some time on notes or also be able to maybe send like forms and labs and stuff like that as well.
Monica Dyer: Yeah, yeah. I've worked with AI scribes in the past and it's a huge time saver. Cool, cool.
Jack Waugh: And yeah, before I'm going to share my screen here so you can see it and before I walk through this. Any other things you're hoping, like JOT Psych would be able to do for you?
Monica Dyer: Ideally, We've been learning about the payment billing.
Jack Waugh: Okay. Yeah. So we're actually in the process of integrating with EHRs right now. Those will be rolling out pretty soon. And I know I can actually, if there's an EHR you're using, I can definitely, like, get back to you with more information about that if you want to. What. What EHR are you using right now?
Monica Dyer: Charm. Yeah, pretty, pretty much charm. I. Cool. I have, I have simple practice headway, Alma, but I think I'm gonna go with charm for like the most things in one. Would the billing also be integrated?
Jack Waugh: Yeah, so the billing. Let me actually show tell you about that first and then I'll walk you through the scribe element too. And yeah, so right now, until you have that integration, it's going to be copy and paste. But I do know we're working on rolling those out this year actually pretty, pretty soon. So I'll give you some more information about that shortly. Okay. And yeah, as far as billing goes, Goes. We just added something called JOT billing and I can kind of tell you how this works. Basically we're kind of handling the full billing process now because I know that's such a hassle for practitioners. In a nutshell, we're like taking out the third party biller to make it kind of a one stop shop. So the way it works is our AI will check people's insurance eligibility first. So we have like a really comprehensive way of doing that, making sure the patient is actually covered through insurance and making sure they qualify for all the right things. And that includes baseline coverage check, a CPT coverage check, and also like a prior authorization check. Then what we do in addition to the notes in the past. Oh, sorry. Yeah, yeah.
Monica Dyer: And then on prior authorizations, is there like the back and forth communication or is it just like the check?
Jack Waugh: Yeah, so I can. Actually, what I'll do is I'll get some of that info for you because you'll probably do a separate meeting for this specifically with our chief of staff Chris, who can walk you through all of this.
Monica Dyer: But okay, that's that.
Jack Waugh: I believe you can get as detailed as you want with it or we can just kind of take care of the whole thing for you, depending on what you're looking to do. But I'll let him answer that for you because he's kind of in charge of that side of things. Yeah, but that's kind of how it works. It's basically like we're starting with the actual billing process and the pre authorization checks. And then what we have is something called payer aware notes. Oh hey Monica. Did I, did I lose you?
Monica Dyer: No, I hit mute because there's a train going by. I'm outside at a cafe.
Jack Waugh: That's okay. Yeah, I know how it is. I lived in New York for like four years, so there was always something. I don't, I don't know where you're based, but I, I can remember like having to take meetings in New York and just there's always noise.
Monica Dyer: Yeah, just south of Austin. But we're right by the tracks over here.
Jack Waugh: Yeah, yeah, similar. Definitely. Busy. Yeah. So from there that's kind of how it works. We, what we do in addition to our notes now is we do something called pair aware notes. So there's an actual feature that will go through the note and make sure it's basically like perfect by the time it gets to billing. So it'll tell you and identify like any missing things, like any inaccuracies for coding. And that's a really helpful new feature. And then we'll actually do the final step too, which is actually submitting it to insurance for you and making sure you have a full billing manager for that too. Okay.
Monica Dyer: It's almost like an ehr. It sounds. Yourself, if you can. Can you store the notes on there?
Jack Waugh: Yeah, you absolutely can. Yeah. And there's a lot you can do with this as far as EHR goes.
Jack Waugh: You know, you may still find there's some things you want your EHR for, but it's, it's pretty comprehensive. Like I would say if you wanted to store notes in here, you absolutely could do that. I mean, that's how most people use it.
Jack Waugh: So it just depends on what you're looking for it to do.
Monica Dyer: But I think, yeah, I would see labs and prescribing would be the only thing that really. Yes.
Jack Waugh: So labs, we do prescribing. We do have workflows that work with E prescribers. We're technically not set up for medication prescribing yet. So just a heads up there. But we definitely do lab sending and I can show you how that works. So before I go. Oh, sorry.
Monica Dyer: Any issue logging in from outside the country?
Jack Waugh: No, no, you shouldn't have any problems with that. No, it works. Works everywhere. And it's meant to work for like telehealth too. So I'll show you the basic like for using this also. And by the way, for your practice. Is it just you at your practice right now or are there more people who would be using this?
Monica Dyer: Just me. It's all virtual.
Jack Waugh: Okay, cool. All right, so I'm gonna. Are you signed in right now to jot psych? Because it might. Might actually help if you want to follow along.
Monica Dyer: They can be.
Jack Waugh: Cool. And while you're doing that, I'm going to look up our chief of staff. Chris is someone who handles our job bill thing. And I can set up a separate meeting for you guys for that too.
Monica Dyer: Okay.
Jack Waugh: Is like, are Fridays generally good for you?
Monica Dyer: Yes.
Jack Waugh: So I could do.
Monica Dyer: Okay, I logged in.
Jack Waugh: Well, I'll let you log in first and then I'll do that. I want to.
Monica Dyer: I'm logged in.
Jack Waugh: Oh, okay. Okay, perfect. Yeah, I'm seeing he has looks like next Friday. I mean, he could even do tomorrow. I don't know if you have time tomorrow at like 1:30 or 3. Does that work for you? Oh, hey, Monica, I lost you.
Monica Dyer: Sorry about that. Oh, shoot. Can you hear me?
Monica Dyer: 3 o' clock should be good.
Jack Waugh: Oh, and then I'm just realizing we're Eastern time. You're central time, right? Yeah.
Jack Waugh: So that would actually be 2pm your time. Is that okay?
Monica Dyer: Yes. You said the other time was what time?
Jack Waugh: 1 or 12:30 your time.
Monica Dyer: 12:30 or. 12:30 is better.
Jack Waugh: Yeah, if that, if that works for you, that's fine. I can set that. I'm just, I'm just doing that before I forget and then I'll walk you through how the scribe works so we. I know I'm going a little out of order here, but just give me one second here. Just pulling up your. Your email.
Monica Dyer: Work better non. Linearly anyway.
Jack Waugh: I totally hear that. Totally hear that. Okay. All right, cool. So that's 12:30 central time tomorrow. And then I'm just sending that to Rosewater Wellness gmail.com so you can chat with Chris about that tomorrow. Okay. Okay, perfect. So just wanted to take care of that first. So now I'm just going to show you how to kind of like use Jot Psych and get it set up. And basically, I know for you, the, the forms and, and also prescriptions and labs were important, so we'll touch on that too. So what you're going to do here is you're going to open. See this record window here?
Jack Waugh: Oh, yeah, there.
Jack Waugh: Okay, I think we have a delay.
Monica Dyer: Yeah, no problem. If I move closer to the Internet, I'm going to be in direct sun and I didn't see and I. I've done several encounters already this way with the psychiatric intake session type.
Jack Waugh: Oh, I'm sorry, you said oh with the psychiatric intake session. Okay, cool. Yeah. And that's the idea. So we have all these templates that are already loaded into Jotsych for you, and then we also have custom templates if you want to use those. You don't have to, but they do work really well if you have customization things you'd like to set up.
Jack Waugh: So basically, we'll just select whatever psychiatric intake for now, say we have a new patient walking in. You can type the patient name if you want to. You don't have to. It's just if you like your patient records to be in there, which it sounds like in your case, you would. And then you just hit record. And then obviously we're not going to go through a whole patient encounter today, but I have some already in here that you can look at so you can see what it looks like. And when you're done, you just hit stop. And then you would click this generate note button here to make sure the note actually generates. The reason we do it that way is that way, if you want to make any additional notes that you type in or like do a second recording, you can make multiple. Before the note actually generates as I go back
Monica Dyer: and just say some more things.
Jack Waugh: Exactly.
Monica Dyer: And I know, like after.
Jack Waugh: Yep, yep, definitely. Okay, so gonna go here. I. This isn't actually gonna populate with anything, but that is about how long it takes. It's really quick. So I'm gonna show you what an actual patient note looks like here. All right, so already. Okay, so you already. You already, like, pretty familiar with this then?
Monica Dyer: Okay, yeah, pretty familiar. But some of the patient like the. Using the AI node assistant. Okay. It's like, oh, that feature is not available yet. And so I wasn't. Wasn't customizing it.
Jack Waugh: So let me walk you through. Let me walk you through how you do that.
Jack Waugh: And by the way, before I forget, you might already know this, but one cool thing is we do automatch like DSM and ICD codes, which is a huge time saver on these. So you might already have known that, but just in case you didn't.
Monica Dyer: Yeah, that's very helpful.
Jack Waugh: Cool. Yeah. So here's our AI note assistant. So this is great because let's say you look at the summary section and you go, okay, this is cool, but this looks a little bit too short. Or maybe I want it to write in bullet points when it talks about past history. You can click on the summary section. You can just say, from now on, on this template, use bullet points for the summary section. Be more filled about. About past history, whatever you want it to do. And you just click that and it'll actually set this template. So that section will always do that for you going forward. Yeah, so this, it's a big time saver. And again, it's just helping the scribe kind of write. In your voice. And the nice thing is once, once you don't have to do it again. So the idea with Jot Psych, it's really meant to be a system where the note generates and it's already ready to go.
Jack Waugh: So once it's ready to go, you just look it over and copy and paste it into your hr. So it's pretty, pretty easy to do. But then I know you mentioned the custom templates. I'll walk you through that as well. Before I do that. Any questions there?
Jack Waugh: Does that all make sense so far?
Monica Dyer: Yeah, makes sense.
Jack Waugh: Okay. And yeah, you can stop me if I'm repeating myself or going over stuff that you already are familiar with and we can skip past that. So. Okay, so for custom templates, this is really great. You would just go to upload template here. So it's like documentation up here, the note templates. And then you just click this upload template button here. Okay. And then from here you have a couple options. You can just drag and drop a PDF. So if there's like a PDF with like a format you want, you can do that or you can just copy and paste the text in and we'll just build out the whole thing for you.
Monica Dyer: Okay.
Jack Waugh: So it's very easy to do. You just go and copy and paste it. And then the, the easiest way is probably if you have like a format with just like section headings, then we'll just build those different headings for you in job site and you would access that through the record window here. You just pull up session type and then you'll see your custom template. I'll just show you what one looks like. So you see, this is one I built. Someone had asked me for a CBT template and again I didn't do. I barely did anything. All I did was I just put summary session measurement based care, like all these little headlines here and then it knew what to do for each of those sections for the formatting of the note and also for your purposes. We do have a psychotherapy note built into job site already. So if you're finding you're doing a lot of like medication with ADD on psychotherapy, we have that template ready to go here. Awesome. Cool. Okay, so I'll show you a couple other things because I know you had mentioned labs as well. And I'll show you where if you need it to handle payment also. That's really cool. It does that as well. So you would go over to your patient tab here. Here and just click on a patient and let me know once you're on this screen here. Yeah, so it's patience up here. And then I just did our sample patient here. Okay. Can. Were you able to get to that screen?
Monica Dyer: It just did it, yeah.
Jack Waugh: Okay, cool. Yep. Okay, so basically, a couple things here that are really cool. I mean, any diagnosis or medication updates you make will just automatically update here in their patient record. So that's really great. But also, you can order labs for patients through here.
Jack Waugh: So you just click this lab button and enter your information, and then you can send it to whichever lab you want it to be sent to. Typically that's an email process, though,
Monica Dyer: like, set up with my lab account for request or something.
Jack Waugh: It may not set up with your lab account. It would be more like through email for that section.
Monica Dyer: I don't understand what you mean through email.
Jack Waugh: So, like, if you have, like, the email of the lab you're going to send to, this would be more through email. Like, I don't think we're. We're integrated with labs in that way. That's. That's more for like a. A prescribing. Hey. Hey, Monica. Sorry, I think I'm losing you. Can you.
Jack Waugh: Can you hear me?
Monica Dyer: All right, just email labs. Let me move closer to their router and see.
Jack Waugh: Yeah, no problem.
Monica Dyer: Yeah, I wasn't aware you email last when I was.
Jack Waugh: Yeah, it's another option if you'd like to use that.
Jack Waugh: But the other cool thing, I'll show you in just a sec. I'll give you a second to move, though.
Jack Waugh: All right, So I don't know, do you. Would you need something like this to be able to send, like, patients forms and things like that? Okay. Yeah, so I can show you that. So basically we integrate with that, too. So we let you send all these forms we already have loaded. And also you can just build a custom form if you want your own. But the great thing about this is once you send it to the patient, rather than having to, like, dig through your email and find it, their answers will just automatically populate here in jots, like, to whatever form they've sent. So that's really helpful as well. It'll go into their patient record. It should go into the note, depending on how you set the note up. But typically you'll want to add that. You know, that's actually. Let me. Let me double check on that really quick. Give me one second here. I'm going to actually find out that for you right now. Because since I'm not a provider, I can't access that screen on my end. Hey, Monica, are you. Are you able to hear me? Okay. Hey, Monica. Sorry, I think we got disconnected there. If it's easier. Sorry. Yeah, if it's easier, we can just chat on the phone for a second if you want to keep jot Psych open. Tell you how to navigate. But yeah, one other cool thing I wanted to show you. So I don't know, do you find, like, you have to spend a lot of time, like, generating, like, clinical documents, writing, like, accommodation letters for people and stuff like that? Okay, good to know. That's something we do on that patient. Page if you ever need it to. We can write you like a authorization or like a workplace accommodation. It'll do it like in like five seconds. But just going to pause there really quick because I know I've been talking for a minute. I know we've had some connectivity issues. Any. Yeah, I tried to. I. I know some of it's probably lost in translation a little bit. There is. Does this all make sense generally speaking? Like any, Any questions that are still outstanding or is this making sense so far? Yes. Let me actually find, let me find that out for you. I am going to ask my. Our Chief of staff who you're actually going to. To meet with tomorrow about JOT Bill. That. Right? It should. I don't want to tell you yes until I know that for a fact. I feel like it probably does because I think these forms are meant to work in the patient chart and it typically will register any changes in the recording. But I'm just double confirming that for you while we're talking there and can keep you posted on that. But anyway, so. Okay. So does that pretty much make sense about everything with like the custom templates or any other things you had questions about as far as job site goes? Yeah, yeah, absolutely. So you can email patients from JOT Psych. There's a little SMS button and email button there. Yeah. Under the patient tab. Yeah, understood. I know it's tough. It's. It's always that cafe Wi Fi. I know how it is. Yeah. Like there's, there's a button. Oh, sorry, sorry. Go ahead. Okay. Yep, Yep. So there's like a follow up button. So that way you can generate a follow up to your patient. And there's like a forms button also to send forms to your patient. Yep. Yeah. Oh, I'm sorry, so you mean like directly sending that email from. From patient? Yeah. Let me, let me. I know you can send it. It's typically through your email that it works. That's, that's a great question. Let me, let me look into this. Yes, let me check with this. So the only thing here. Okay, hang on one second. I'm gonna. Give me one second. Well, because I'm dig for that real quick. So I'm gonna give you a better answer than this because I almost positive there's a better way to do this. For now, what you can do is you can see like the, the follow up button at the bottom of the screen. On, on the patient tab. Yeah. For now you can just click that. I'm sorry, not schedule appointment. The. You see the follow up button. So it should be at the very bottom of the patient tab. It'll be like lab. Yeah, so it should say, like, you'll see at the very bottom, it'll say forms, labs, documents, and then follow up. So you can click that follow up button and type what you'd like it to send to the patient that said. Oh, okay. Yeah. So like under patience. Right. And then. Yep. It's like you have to scroll down a little bit and move your mouse to the bottom of the screen and you'll see this little panel pop up. Yep, yep. Yeah, no problem now. Yep. Correct. Right. So that's. That's where you can kind of do all that from now. I'm still going to look to see if there's, like, just a more direct, like, email link. I know you can do it from there, but I can definitely keep you posted. And you can also double check with Chris about that tomorrow when you talk with him. Yep, yep. You can definitely send that from that screen as well. Oh, I'm sorry. Wait, share. You're like you're on a new note screen. Yep. Yes. Yep, that's. Right. That's. Yep, that's right. Yes. Oh, I see. I see what you're saying. I'm sorry, I didn't understand. So, yeah, really, as far as patient communications go, we're just email and text for the time being. Yeah. So that. That's. We don't have, like an internal messaging system with patients as of right now. Definitely a good feature. Something I'll. I'll jot down. But yeah, for now, it's. It would just be like emailing the patient or texting them through job psych. Gotcha. So let me make sure of walking. Through everything with you. I know you said you were interested in billing, so you guys will talk about that tomorrow. So, yeah, basically the main thing would be to try and make some notes from now and over the next week, and then we can kind of like meet again in a week or two and go from there. So you have the two weeks right now. And then on top of that, I can actually give you a discount month for like 20 bucks. So. So that way you can actually really get a chance to use Jot Psych and try it out. I think that'll give you about 45 days in total. Does that sound good? Awesome. So I'll show you how to set that up. I have to approve it from my end. Do you see the. Your practice button? It should say like your practice and then subscriptions. Yeah. So click that and then you're going to hit that purple manage subscription button. And then let me know what you see there. It should say like smart Scribe subscription. Yeah. Okay, so what you can do is you just click add payment method. And then once that's in there, I can set you up for the. The $20 month on my end. Yeah, you're more than welcome to. This is just to help you get a little bit more time to use it because I know the weeks kind of comes up quickly. And the other thing is like, we'll also meet again before. But. Yeah, before we do that, is there any other questions you'd have about Jot Psych or anything that you'd want to know before we. Before we finish things up today? Yeah, there. Oh, yeah, for intake forms, there definitely should be. Let's see here. Do you see under documentation forms, there's a forms library. That is. Yeah. So you can, you can actually build your own forms here. What you would just do is edit button. You may have to actually copy the form first. So you would just hit copy first and then once you make the copy of it, you can actually edit that form and put whatever you'd like in there. It. Yep. Okay, that's good to. That's definitely good feedback. Hella health and. Okay, absolutely. Yeah. One thing I will tell you if you'd like. There's actually a really easy way to do that in jot Psych. You see at the Forms library page, see how there's like build new form in the upper right hand corner. So click that and then you see that upload document. And there's also AI form generation. So you have two options there. One, if you have like a form like that you already like for HIPAA compliance or something like that, you can just drag it into here. Or if you would actually like, our AI form generation can actually just make that for you automatically. So just a couple options there. If there's some stuff missing that you'd like kind of for it to have. Yeah, totally. No, that's. That's a great suggestion. I'll definitely pass that along. Okay, cool. Well, in the meantime, any other questions or does that all kind of make sense? Cool. Awesome. Well, yeah, the only thing, Monica, is I want to make sure I can get you our discount month because I don't know if we're still going to have it into the new year. If that works for you, I could at least set you up with it and then we could meet again before that would hit. So that way you don't feel like you're to going. Getting, like, blindsided by a charge. Does that sound good to you? You definitely can. We can meet in. Let's see. How. How is, like, next week for you? Let's see. Actually, looks like next Thursday is pretty open for me, if that works for you. Could do like, Thursday around, like, 1pm Central. Okay, perfect. Yeah, let's meet then. And if you can try and make like, at least 10 notes from now to then, that would be awesome. So that way I can, like, help answer any questions or just like, remove any blockers for you. Awesome. Okay, cool. That. Well, that's perfect. It'll give you a chance to use it. And yeah, just feel free to email also if any questions come up or shoot me a text. And I'm happy to. Happy to answer any questions, but. Okay. Awesome. Monica. Well, I'm gonna put you on the calendar for next Thursday at 1pm Central Time. And I know you're meeting with Chris tomorrow at. What time is that? Oh, also 1:30pm no, sorry, 12:30pm Central Time. So I'll send you two emails for that. Awesome. Well, thanks for taking the time and talk to you soon.