Christopher Tundo: Ever since Obamacare or the AC. ACA actors passed, insurance companies are required to do so many audits. And so, like Blue Cross the other day requested like 10 random charts. And then we have.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Do they. Do they call that a. A desk check? Is that the terminology they use with you? Or. Okay, great. Yeah. But we hear that sometimes they're just like, hey, give us, you know, you know, 10 notes. We just want to see 10 of them. And you got to hand them.
Christopher Tundo: Oh, no, no, they. We. I don't pick. They pick.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Oh, they pick what? They just give you like 10 encounters and they say,
Christopher Tundo: I need the day, the time, the person you build.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Got it.
Christopher Tundo: And so they collect that. And now once in a while I'll get a report back where there was like one or two charts that they sent to, like, a subject matter expert, someone like me, to review it and then determine, like, did I use the appropriate billing codes, etc. Now, I've never had a problem before. They always agreed with me.
Jackson Bierfeldt: That's good.
Christopher Tundo: But, you know, if they don't. And they felt like you coded too high, you know, they take the difference. They bag.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Exactly.
Christopher Tundo: Exactly. So and they monitor the complexity level. Like, if you're coding too many, like, high complexity, they know, on average, somebody in your profession and the volume, like, generally how many you should be like, per month.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Right. They're comparing you to peer groups, right?
Christopher Tundo: Oh, yeah. And they'll send you kind of like a warning. They won't accuse you of doing anything wrong, but they'll say something like, you know, based on your peers. It doesn't friend your. You know, now there's a.
Jackson Bierfeldt: It's a pretty good mafioso technique, honestly.
Christopher Tundo: Yeah. And it's. I think sometimes in a way it is good maybe to have someone critique, you know, somewhere, so to see if you're kind of right on track.
Jackson Bierfeldt: So that's exactly why we developed Jaw Audit.
Christopher Tundo: Because we know we'll save people money.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Oh, yeah, completely.
Christopher Tundo: I mean, the.
Jackson Bierfeldt: The whole idea is like, you know, for how many small practices do you know where someone can be like, oh, yeah, we'll just hire someone to read literally every single note and make sure it's good to.
Christopher Tundo: Right. You don't see that. And especially like a government payer like Medicare, they're very. I mean, they've always done that before that law was passed.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Right.
Christopher Tundo: You know, it's. It is quality improvement type thing, and. But now it's required. Even the private insurance companies are doing it. You know, I'm just now, like, starting to use it. I just maybe own a few. Few notes and where it can regenerate and I guess try to make your notes more compliant or it'll tell you what you're missing, you know, so. Top. Like, I. What I've been doing is just putting in the billing codes that I thought apply, and I think it kind of runs against that to see if I have everything.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Exactly. Yeah. Another thing that we're responding to is a lot of jot psych customers are, you know, maybe newer in their career or, you know, they haven't. They. They didn't go to school to be a coding expert. You know, they went to school to like, learn how to give, you know, mental health care. And, you know, they're like, I kind of know when to use a 99214, but I'm not like, exactly sure.
Jackson Bierfeldt: So we're like, trying to make it easier for people to be like, okay, no, no, I'm actually good here. Like, this does meet the MDM criteria. Or the other way, you know, if you're billing a 99215 and you don't reach that, you should know that ahead of time so that you don't get clogged back three months later.
Christopher Tundo: Yeah. Because in school they don't teach you about kernel at all.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah, no, I mean, that's been the biggest surprise. You know, I've at this point talked to hundreds of psychiatrists and psych nps, and they're all like, yeah, I, you know, learned about this for maybe 45 minutes in school, and now I spend like 20 of my day every day thinking about it.
Christopher Tundo: Yeah.
Christopher Tundo: And so when you add the medicine, like up top and like the diagnoses, should you then regenerate a new note to see if all that's been put in or how does that work?
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah. So let me actually. Are you able to see a screen right now? If I screen share something, are you able to look at that? Great. So this is just like a little bit of the idea behind JWT audit and like how we're, you know, starting to market it. And I just want to walk through the high level there so that you can kind of see where the product is going. Because the version that just landed in your application today is, you know, it's version one. You know, we still have quite a bit of way to go here. But the whole idea is the entire reason that, you know, you're writing this note and complying with all of these different things is so that you can actually get reimbursed for the care that you're providing. Super complicated. Because you have payer policies, the different modifiers, the different service types. You know, every state, I don't know how many different states you're working in. But a lot of psych, NPS and psychiatrists are, like, licensed in two or three states and have to kind of maintain those different rules. So what we're trying to do is just make it so that you can input all of that information, and then we can show you, like, green light, like, you're good to go. So sign the note. This is ready to be locked away in the cabinet. You're going to get reimbursed for this. You can submit the claim. So where we're going, and you're going to start seeing more of this in the app soon, is that we actually want to not just take in, you know, the. The transcript that you just recorded and, you know, the diagnostic codes, but we're actually going to let you upload, like, your practices, payer contracts. You know, information about the state you're in, your licensing and your credentials, the insurance info on the patient so that we can like take all of that in and use our AI system to like look at 100% of that context and then just tell you like, is your documentation ready to go? Like, is it a good note that's going to be compliant and ready to be locked away in the HIPAA vault for seven years? It's never going to get you in trouble. And then the claim that you're about to submit to that payer, does it match the Note? Are the ICD 10 codes right? Are they in the right order? Are you using the right modifiers? You know, is it the kind of thing where Medicare requires that you use two as the place of service and no telehealth modifier, whereas Blue Cross Blue Shield asking you to use the 95 telehealth modifier? You know, all those little things that are just different for every single thing. We want to just show you a system in the jaw audit that just says you're good to go, or maybe it's a yellow light and there's something you need to do. Hey, you need to have a little bit more robust of a mental status exam in order to do this code with this pair, etc. Etc. And the main, the critical thing to understand here is what you're getting right now in JOT psych is based on our universal rules. So we've gone ahead and taken all the publicly available information from the major national payers and from CMS guidelines and AMA and out of the box. It works pretty well. I mean, as you'll see, like it'll catch things where you're missing stuff or you might need to add more information. But then as you add more information into your job site account by uploading, you know, the payers, associating those with patients, uploading your specific contracts with the payers that your practice works with. You know, those audits are going to get more and more detailed and you can just feel like a higher confidence when you see that JOT psych green light telling you that it's good to sign. And then the last thing is, of course you as the provider want to know, can I sign this note? Is it good to go? Your biller or your admin staff, they want to know, okay, are all these claims ready to go? They want to look at it at a zoomed out level. And then practice managers, of course, what they want to know is, okay, is everything good? And like, where are their problems so that I can, like, talk to those clinicians, give them extra training, change our policies, change our templates, you know, whatever it is that they need to kind of, like, do from the top down in order to make sure that everyone's in a good place. So that's, like, the whole audit vision that we're developing. Does that. Does that land with you? Does that seem like a, you know, a reasonable thing that we're barking up here?
Christopher Tundo: Well, I think it's good. It's, like, continuous improvement.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah. And did you. Did you get a chance. Actually, I'm sorry, I don't even know, like, which. What is the shape of your practice? Like, are you a solo practitioner? Are you in a small, large practice?
Christopher Tundo: Yeah, I'm solo.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Okay, great. Have you had a chance yet to look at the JWT Audit Dashboard?
Christopher Tundo: Let me see.
Jackson Bierfeldt: I'll share my screen again and show you. So, you know, I think what you probably saw today was, you know, this sidebar here that gave you, you know, information about this particular note. If you go to this JOT Audit Dashboard page here, you can actually see a rolled up version of all of the different notes that you have, all of the sessions that you've seen. You can see how compliant it was, what the quality was, the CPT codes, whether we suggested them, whether you suggested them and we agree, whether you suggested them and we disagree. Then you can click in and actually see a little bit of a data read on, on that session, you know, and from an MDM perspective, you can come in and see like, hey, what were the actual problems that we addressed? Were they worsening? Are they not at the goal? Are they stable? You know, what's the risk assessment here? Was there any data that was reviewed? You know, I'm sure you're familiar with the whole, you know, MDM matrix and the 2 out of 3 rule, but, you know, we developed this in order to just kind of help you get a little bit more of like a data overview of what's going on in your practice.
Christopher Tundo: Okay.
Jackson Bierfeldt: So I recommend that you also, you know, after you've seen a couple more encounters with the, with the JWT audit turned on, I recommend that you come in here and kind of take a look and see if that's also helpful for you. Just getting a little bit more of like a zoomed out sense of, hey, how am, how am I doing? Like, how is my compliance trending? You know, if you do go ahead and make a couple edits to your template and in order to like add in some more of that information that you didn't have before, you're going to want to watch over time like as that compliance percentage goes up and you trend more and more into the green and just feel better about your notes.
Christopher Tundo: Okay, yeah, that's good to know.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah. So, yeah, I mean, that's it. And lots of exciting stuff coming. I mean, over the next couple weeks you're going to see the opportunity to upload your payer contracts, you know, and just like continue making that system better and better and smarter and smarter about the way that you practice and like your particular regulatory environment. What state are you based in, Christopher?
Christopher Tundo: Maryland.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Maryland. Okay, great. And you practice just in Maryland?
Christopher Tundo: I mean, I am licensed in Virginia, Pennsylvania, Delaware, Hawaii.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Okay, great. Yeah. So do you, do you see patients in all four of those.
Christopher Tundo: I do sometimes, like, if I work on an online platform, like Headway or I've used to work a talk space.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah.
Christopher Tundo: So sometimes, yeah, the patient is in some of these states, and sometimes they don't have a lot of providers in certain states, and so I do get a lot from Pennsylvania. Virginia, Totally.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah. I mean, this is just one of those complexities that as we've been doing this we keep finding out more and more about, you know, where. Oh, it turns out in Florida, you know, there's like all kinds of certain documentation standards that you have to adhere to that are specific to Florida, you know, that you don't have in other states and, and things like that. So a lot of providers, as I'm sure you know, just what you're not, they give you these contracts that are 500 pages long. I think you're probably not sitting there reading the entire thing and reading the fine print on everything.
Christopher Tundo: Yeah, they are generally that lengthy. Right. Contracts and I mean sometimes it's just, I mean there's a lot of things in them that don't really necessarily apply to you, but then there's some things about their documentation or what's required and they talk about their compliance audits and you know, things like that. Right, yeah.
Jackson Bierfeldt: The whole game here is we just want to keep people like ahead of it so that they're not surprised when something happens. And we want to help them stay ahead of it without having to like read all of these giant documents and like basically get a PhD in billing just to run your practice.
Christopher Tundo: What is the under jot Auditor's JOT coach.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yes. So JOT coach is another feature that we're rolling out soon. This is targeted a little more towards larger practices that have, you know, constant like training and like new staff that they're onboarding. So we make it so that after each session or like at the end of the day or at the end of the week, Jock Psych will actually like give you as a provider a little bit of feedback on like, hey, you've been really good at doing this, you know, but next time when you do a, you know, questioning on suicidal or homicidal ideation, you might want to phrase it this way because that's actually the way that, you know, this state requires you to do it or you know, things like that that are a little more like hands on for helping people train, especially new providers. That's what the job coach is doing then.
Christopher Tundo: I see that now and added feature about verifying your insurance.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Sorry, could you say that one more time?
Christopher Tundo: There was another new feature I noticed today about verify their insurance.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yep, yep. We're starting to roll out eligibility checks too, so that, you know, if you have an entire week of patients like already on your JOT psych calendar, we can go ahead and just show you like, hey, is their insurance active, do they have mental health benefit coverage and, you know, can kind of just make it so that you can have an indicator if that's something that you need to look into or not for, for that patient.
Christopher Tundo: How do you get a subscription?
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah, so the, the audit, the, the first thing to know is that you're going to get free. 40 free of them every single month. So just like, while you're learning about it and figuring it out, like, you're going to get those. But once that runs out, there will be a button you can click and then you can pay. I think it's an extra $39 a month for us to, like, run that audit on all of your notes.
Christopher Tundo: Okay. Now, if you ever regenerated notes under a different format, does it use up one of those audits?
Jackson Bierfeldt: Oh, that is a very good question. Let me think about that. I believe it will use another one of those audits, yes.
Christopher Tundo: Okay. I'm just curious.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Because it will audit that new note, you know, because it's. You're doing a different template. It has different content in it. So it is like doing a full audit on that note.
Christopher Tundo: Now, for the $39 a month, though, you get as many notes as you want audited.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yep. 100% of them. So if you do the $39 a month, you get every single one of your notes that you make, you'll get the audit on it.
Christopher Tundo: Okay. Because I probably have a good two different kinds of encounters, right?
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah. No, I mean, we wanted to make it so that it's. Of course, you know, you want to taste it before you buy it, but yeah, buying that. That subscription definitely is. Is worth it because then we'll audit 100% of your notes.
Christopher Tundo: Okay. I mean, that's all the questions I really had.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Okay, great. Yeah. Well, I'm glad that you got in touch. I know we've been playing calendar tag for a little while, so I'm glad we finally got you. Got you on the phone here.
Christopher Tundo: Well, thank you so much for your time. I really appreciate it.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah. And, you know, you have my contact information and, you know, you've been a customer with us for a little while, so hopefully, you know, we're. We're very responsive and we're always trying to learn from our providers and our customers. So if there's anything that is working well for you or not, or you just have any ideas that you want to float by us, we're super eager to hear those because that's how we build the product. You know, we talk to people just like you who have ideas, and you're like, hey, what about this? And then, you know, sometimes that turns into the product. So anytime you have something, feel free to just shoot it over.
Christopher Tundo: All right, well, thank you so much.
Jackson Bierfeldt: All right, thanks.