Nathan Peereboom: Video just because I'm on a. I'm on a bus right now commuting. So. Let's see. Hey, how was your vacation? You were out for, like, a few. Few weeks.
Alex Nikolaev: Yeah, it was like 10 days or so. It was great. I went to Berlin and Prague with friends. Got to head up two cities to all, like, the touristy things. It's a great time. Have them mate Europe in a while, so it's good to be there.
Nathan Peereboom: Nice. Nice. Hey, Adam.
Adam Harrison: Hey, guys.
Nathan Peereboom: Adam, you got a haircut.
Adam Harrison: I did. It was. It was pretty rough for a while there, so it looks great.
Nathan Peereboom: Thanks. Well, Alex, I'm glad you had a good time in Europe. That sounds really fun.
Alex Nikolaev: Did you go with buddies from.
Nathan Peereboom: From UChicago?
Alex Nikolaev: Yeah, pretty much all of them are from me Chicago. So there's a group of five. Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: All right, well, why don't we jump into things here? Alex, do you want to sort of present what you've got, and we'll. We'll just follow along, I think. Look, this is your time. So I think we want to see what the progress is, what. You know, what challenges you're facing, what questions you have for us, et cetera, et cetera.
Alex Nikolaev: Yeah. So I can, like, share the, like, the live, like, rendered API for the review. For the review. Window. So I was able to get, like, the open AI up and running. So I connected it to it. I generated, like, six images. I know so far, like, we're only working with, like, meta at the moment. So, like, initially, right, this is a complete slop, right? But at this time, I've just been, like, able to get things up and running, which is good.
Nathan Peereboom: So, yeah, you're, like, doing the wiring at this point.
Alex Nikolaev: Yeah, exactly. So still in the process of, like, iterating, like, closet, you know, closet and super helpful with all this. And, yeah, I know, like, from the. From our kickoff, like, you suggested, like, there are two ways to go about this, at least when starting off. It's like number one. Like, wiring up the, like, the, like, the copy generator versus taking, like, the. The current performance from, like, from meta ads and, like, decomposing that into all of, like, their attributes to run through the regression. Like, was there still any, like, either option that you kind of wanted me to go any route that you wanted me to go down. Or I'm totally happy to just, like, keep going down this route of trying to improve, like, the copy here so far.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, I mean, I would just follow your nose. If this is the direction you're going to start out, then I think that's totally fine.
Alex Nikolaev: All right, cool. Trying to see if I wrote down some questions, I believe. I guess, like, but on your end, right, you pretty much haven't touched any of this except, like, generate, like, the harness, right? I just want to ask.
Nathan Peereboom: Make sure. Yep. There's no. Yep, exactly. You have 100 of my forward motion. The harness was built expressly just as a foundation piece for this project. I guess, Alex, walk me through. Like, what is the little. What is the job to be done that you're trying to solve right now? Is it. Ad generation? Is. Is. Is that the first thing you want to solve?
Alex Nikolaev: Yeah. First thing we want to solve is, like, is, like, adding negative prompts or, like, just guiding the. The image generation better. So it's not giving us this kind of slot. Right. And. I, like, actually, I do want to ask you about this. Do you think it's important to go down the route of, like, having imagery such as this first, or we care more about, like, getting the easy parts done, like. Like getting text, like, text image generation. Like, is. Is there. Is there any preference there at the moment? Like. Like in the. In the immediate term.
Nathan Peereboom: Well, we can't. I mean, an ad is composed of. Let me actually ask this. In your mind, what's an ad composed of? Like, what are the elements? Inside of an ad? And I don't mean just. Oh, there's text and imagery. I mean, like, what are the things that you. Would be. What are the variables you'd be playing with in an ad?
Alex Nikolaev: Yeah. So, like, if you're using text, right? It's like opposite, obviously, like the CTA. You want to be able to pull on, like, the emotional strings of the viewer. So conveying some sort of imagery that's, like, relatable for the, you know, for the. For the, like, for. For the statement of, you know, Saving your time, like, try to convey some sort of way that jot, like, understands, like, their struggle and is offering a way to solve that. So. And I think that's. That's accomplished through, like, the visual conveyance. It can be, like, abstract, or it can be, like, human based. And then from there, like, kind of. Kind of using, like, a messenger and idea that I really, like, communicates across.
Nathan Peereboom: That's.
Alex Nikolaev: Like, my shallow understanding of that. I know there's a lot more than.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, I would. I think as a starting point, you want to develop a pretty good framework for, like, everything that goes into the ad. And I think you've mentioned some of the elements, right? There's call to action. There's, like, value proposition. You know, you mentioned a few of the things. I think what you want is a really rich framework, and you want the tool to be. Generating each of those, like, coherently. The other thing that I would say is. Well, yeah, sorry. I think that that. Would be my guidance. I think that the other thing, though, is. The magic here is that we want to be able to. Be involved in the origination of ideas. So I'll just give an example. You know, there was a while ago, there was a idea that, like, hey, we should play with. With famous. Like, psychiatrists from movies. You know, I think you remember, like, we did a whole Goodwill hunting series. Part of the magic of this would be, like, an example of a good, you know, test run would be, hey, we take a concept like that, something that is, you know, that you or me or Adam could think of on the couch. And this does all the Tactical work of building different variants of that. So maybe searching online for imagery. Maybe we have to find the imagery and put it in maybe some of its AI generated imagery. But, like, the whole, like, putting together of the ad, the cropping of the photo, the selecting of, you know, all the different elements of the call to actions and the theme was in the hooks and the, you know, the narrative structure, whatever framework you want to use. We're creating, you know, 20 different versions of that concept, because the real stuff that takes time for us is my view, it's actually all that tactical work. And it's creating enough variety that we can test it and, and have a sense of, like, Is, is the problem in our execution. We want to basically take away all the execution risk, and we want to be testing pure ideas. And, and so maybe can you walk me through how this. Like, how far along we are for this particular, like, for that sort of workflow here? Like, do, like, if you put in quad code or in terminal an idea, can you just show me, like, the generation process? And, like, maybe you can say, like, what you put in to get what we have here.
Alex Nikolaev: Yeah. Here, let me reshare different window. So, I mean, so far, I've been testing out, like, that one prompt that you, that you provided in the, like, in, in the web, on the website. Yeah. So the prompt was like, let me just, I don't want to cancel that, actually. So I'm finding the actual name here. Yeah, it was like. Therapists spend two hours on notes every session. Like, what if they didn't have to. Right. That was like a test run. I did that to, like, just see how it work. I did it first, like, without the images. I saw, like, all the coffee show up and then adding languages now. So hooking all that up. So it's really preliminary. But, you know, from there. The final product is like that. Is that website that entered that API that. Yeah, this site I was just showing you. Right. So I haven't gone too far along. Definitely want to put more, put more time in today and see if I can get. Okay, cool. The guidance you're giving is helpful. I feel like part of me is thinking, like, if there's some sort of way that we could, like, manually train the AI or, like, manually train the image generator to, like, adapt cues and, like, visuals that we like ourselves, that would be amazing. But, but, yes, still pretty early on.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, I think that. What we probably want to do is we want to create a page similar to what you created and then have, like, Jackson and I sit in a room. And free form, just criticize what's on the screen and then have the critique be synthesized into the component, like MD files that are then used as part of the. Like, context window for the next round of entry.
Alex Nikolaev: So.
Nathan Peereboom: I think that, like, that feedback loop, like, like, we should be doing weekly ad review. You know, where, like, Jackson and I sit in a room for 15 minutes, we just squawk about what we like and don't like. And every week it gets better. Because, because we're retaining and holding those acts.
Alex Nikolaev: Okay, cool. So you're interested in, like, in having, like, an adaptation of the current, of, like, the current dashboard. To have that, that feedback loop work into, like, adapting the prompt and so on.
Nathan Peereboom: Well, you don't have to, like. I don't think you have to adapt dashboard. I think that maybe you want, like, ad IDs on each of them or something like that. But basically, like, we can monologue into, like, an Apple voice note. And then just pop that into the harness. But what's critical is that there's a place for all of those edits to sit so that next time when you're prompting the AI generation tool, you know, those, those preferences are sort of intimate.
Alex Nikolaev: Gotcha. Okay. Yeah. I mean, all these have a, I think you baked in, like, add IDs for all these. So that's definitely the possibility. I'll take note of that.
Nathan Peereboom: Awesome. Okay, cool. How, what is your plan for, I guess, like, getting to, getting one Beyond AI swap and two, this is super important, like starting to play with, like, moving imagery. It's moving imagery is like, you get such a bump from moving imagery. What's your, what's your thought?
Alex Nikolaev: I think so far I really want to refine, like, the, the static imagery first. I think that's a logical first step. So the results from here were just from open AI image generation. Some other are said to be, like, potentially better. So I want to kind of see, you know, if, based on, like, this current, just generic prompt that we have, like, which one just gets it better first. And from there, like, rewriting image prompts. So maybe it'd be like. Build a building prompts that, like, have, you know, specific styles and moods instead of just, like, abstract descriptions that are currently there. Negative prompts, putting it, you know, saying what not to do. And that's, like, the general approach for fixing this AI slot at first. Then going on to video, I mean, I've done some video in the past. Did you just hear that's the open AI is like, is canceling Sora pretty soon?
Nathan Peereboom: Like, oh, wow.
Alex Nikolaev: Like, you know, taken back and withdraw that. So it's not going to be an option anymore. But I worked on AI video in the past for ads, so I can explore some, some sources there. But actually, I want to add them. If you, if you have, like, any additional experience with, like, AI generation, copy generation, like, recently, like, if there's anything, if there's anything you want to chip in there, that could be useful.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, I'm not sure. I think that. One piece of. It just to go back to the static entry point. One thing that I would also. Play with is. Using non AI generated imagery, but using AI to arrange imagery or to a range.
Alex Nikolaev: Like.
Nathan Peereboom: Or to, to, like, find imagery that can be, like, placed in a. Like, placed with text in a creative way.
Alex Nikolaev: So, like, stock image regeneration. Yeah, I think there's definitely sources that do that. Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: I mean, I would see them thinking about, like, stop motion animation. You ever watch, like, well, see that.
Alex Nikolaev: Well, true.
Nathan Peereboom: Wallace and permit.
Alex Nikolaev: Yeah. Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay. So, I mean, I don't know if that's, like, way, but. One thing that I will, I think is a. Path to consider is. If people can always tell what an AI image is or people find it very easy, particularly with video, it's like, I don't think we're at the point where AI video is like lifelike enough. Part of what you can play with is. You know, like slightly modifying an existing picture or using a series of pictures in, like, rapid succession or not even rapid succession, but just at succession to create the sense of movement that, that, that still sort of feels, like, motion ish. So I, I think, what am I saying here? I think what I'm saying here is I think we probably are going to have to be more Wiley than just using. Increasingly better APIs, at least in the near term. At some point, we're going to be able to just pipe in the API. It's going to be, you know, what we all understand to be the best image, like moving image generation or static image generation tool. But, but I think that part of the exercise here is like, how do we do, how can we be Wiley about still creating really, really high quality, even if, like most. Even, even if the technology is not fully, fully there yet? Because, yeah, you get it. So just, just some feedback about, like, the level of creativity. I think we're going to need for this particular.
Alex Nikolaev: Gotcha. That makes sense. Yeah. I mean, this is my immediate, like, word here. I think I'm excited to get into, like, into the regression, the, the regression part, though. That seems really interesting and see how that works out.
Nathan Peereboom: Oh, my gosh. Yeah. The, the, the finance guy in you is, is going to go crazy with the regression stuff that you're going to enjoy.
Alex Nikolaev: That.
Nathan Peereboom: Alex, what other questions do you have for Adam and I that we can help just in terms of guiding there?
Alex Nikolaev: I mean, just like, are there any other, like, apis you have access to, like image generation? I don't know. If just want to put it out there because they got anything else I can take advantage of already. I put together, like, a open AI account today. So I'm using that API. But if there's anything else available that you guys know of, that can be useful for this.
Nathan Peereboom: No, not on my side. I mean, but I didn't do, I haven't done any of the research. I'm not, I'm not the expert at this.
Alex Nikolaev: Cool.
Adam Harrison: Nothing to add here, Alex, although I think maybe, like, what are you using right now? You're planning to just use. What sources again in your mind.
Alex Nikolaev: I'm using, I'm using, like, open AI. So I think it's DALL-E how to verify, like, which exact model it is, but I can also experiment more with the models and then see, like, if changing that
Adam Harrison: affects anything, I think Gemini, like what Google or whatever they call their. That's probably going to be a good option to look at. And, yeah, I don't, because I know. Sora is, well, I think Sora is sort of a separate thing, but I know that's, like you said, Alex, that's getting discontinued. But I think. DALL-E is a separate thing so that should be fine to keep using. Okay. Yeah, I would check in, like, the Google ecosystem. I think they're going to have pretty good image and video stuff just because they have YouTube and, like, all, all that stuff, Google photos, whatever.
Alex Nikolaev: Okay, makes sense. And this is probably, like, for down the line, but eventually getting hooked up to, like, meta ads. That I can reach out for that later. With, with the APIs and stuff.
Adam Harrison: Yeah. What, what would you need there, Alex? You need, like, read access to the account to understand, like, ad performance.
Alex Nikolaev: Yeah, that. That for sure. And then eventually, like, being able to post these, like, from the, from the engine. Right. I think that was part of, like, the, the goal of this, the gold engine.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, I think I can send you the key for the read access. Probably makes sense to start there.
Alex Nikolaev: And then.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, maybe, maybe. Until things are working, you know, we don't write directly from the API yet would be my. My, my guidance. But, you know, you guys should feel free to, take it however you think makes sense.
Alex Nikolaev: Yeah, sounds good.
Nathan Peereboom: All right. Sweet. Hey, Alex, I think this is really going in the right direction. Like the format. That you've laid out is the exact sort of revenue format that we want. It's just like high volume, easy to see at a conceptual level what the ad group look like because headlines and descriptions are in the same place that they will be in, in a meta ads. So I would say, like, you know, initial impressions of, like, the architecture are good here. And, yeah, this is purely a, it's purely a quality exercise. So at this point for you. So whatever guidance you need from us. Like, definitely. Yeah, definitely like loop us in. And, yeah, we're, we're, I mean, this could be a complete game changer in terms of, like, how to generate creative. So.
Alex Nikolaev: All right. Yep. Sounds good.
Nathan Peereboom: All right, good man. Thank you. All right. Bye bye.
Nathan Peereboom: Oh, shoot. Daniel, I didn't realize you were on here. Sorry. You're gonna need it.
Daniel Chadda: Unmute. Yeah. Whoops. Sorry. Oh, my God. I'm sorry. I. Yeah. Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: I wasn't on my, I wasn't looking at the screen. My bad. Did Adam. Did Adam drop. Adam dropped.
Daniel Chadda: Right. I think he did. Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, cool. Yeah. Daniel, you want to share where you've gotten so far? Curious where you're approaching this from. Yeah.
Daniel Chadda: Great. So, yeah, I like to be 100 honest, Nate. I have not had that much time to, like, work on this. I, you know, definitely have gotten started. But I saw, you know, your slack message for, like, you know, initial work and, like, I just didn't have a whole lot to send over, which is why I did not. No, that's fine. Yeah. Yeah. I am looking into it because I, I had, like, a, I have two exams tomorrow, so I just been, like, cramming for those the last few days. But, like, once that's done, I want to, like, jump into this fully. So just off the top of my head, though, you know, I've read through the documents and everything. I've already got it in, like, cloud code. I have, like, the GitHub repo and all I've done. So I can all that, like, initial setup work has already been done. You know, just like off the top of my head, just like my thoughts on, like, the directions to take and everything, I actually have a little bit of experience. I use this for a class. Like, this is a while ago. I literally took it over the summer just kind of for fun. But we learned a little bit about, like, LoRa models. And so I was able to create some, like, pictures and stuff with that. And, like, I even spent a bit of time just, like, on my own, like, learning about it just because, like, I thought it was fun. So I want to try and, like, use that to try and design the ad creatives. So I'm going to, like, look, like, kind of go down that track, see how things work. I also, just like for my sense, I'm going to start. I'm going to probably just take, like, an hour or so just do some, like, quick research in, like, best practices just in terms of, like, designing creatives just so I know, like, you know, the proper, like, placement for everything and, like, size or dimensions and all of that. So that's probably going to be, like, my, my very next step. But, yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: If you want me to, like, send over something.
Daniel Chadda: Yeah, sorry. If you want me to send over something, I can honestly try and have, like, just some kind of, like, initial product for you or, like, initial, like, example for you by tomorrow. I'd say, like, probably tomorrow evening or night evening, like, afternoon. So I don't know if that's, like, you have something you want, but I can definitely get that done.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. I mean, I think. Yes, great. Thank you. I think that we, I mean, it's whatever is helpful to you, Daniel.
Nathan Peereboom: Like, I mean, I can give you feedback. I can. I mean, I can. I can review things if you have questions. We can talk through any problem solving we want to do. What do you. I mean, yeah, what. What would you find helpful, I guess, in this conversation, and maybe we can work backwards from, like, solving the harness to what you need to send over in between.
Daniel Chadda: Yeah, that's a good question. I. Yeah. Again, you know, I think the onus is mainly on me right now. Just, you know, to get everything started, you know, because, again, there's, like, not too much I've done so far. So, yeah, I I don't think there's, like, you know, normally I'd be asking you for feedback. I think, like, in general, that's the most helpful thing. But right now there's, like, you know, much for me to show you to get feedback on. So I think I'll make sure to have something for you by tomorrow. And just, I don't know. I, I think I kind of, like, briefly went through my, like, you know, initial, like, thoughts and, you know, the, like, direct processing going to take moving forward. So, you know, if you think that's a good idea, then, yeah, I'll, you know, proceed and then have something ready for you to buy tomorrow.
Nathan Peereboom: Great. Okay. Yeah, that sounds like a plan. Chris and I are working at Rhode Island. We work for. For Thursday and Friday. So I know that that's fairly close to GW. If you want to come, like, spend the day with us, you're, you're welcome to. Oh, yeah.
Daniel Chadda: Actually, I think I don't know. Did I book it on the calendar? I think we discussed this. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Okay. I put on, I put it on for Thursday at 2pm. Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. But anytime you want to, like, come in and just, like, rub shoulders and, like, you know, be in the same spot, like, we're super open to that, too. So. Okay, cool. But, yeah, that sounds good. Just, just let me know. And, Daniel, you and I have a few other things that. Yeah, we have. To, like, talk through. This is like a broader conversation. But are you. This again? Just working backwards. Are you, what are you up to this summer?
Daniel Chadda: This summer? Honestly, like, not a whole lot. There are a few classes I want to take over the summer, but they're virtual. So, like. I don't have to stay on campus, which is nice, but I really did not have, like, too much play, to be honest. I've just been like, I don't know. I've been so busy. I can even really had time to think about summer, but, yeah, definitely kind of like open to whatever.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay.
Daniel Chadda: Gotcha.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. We. I think that we probably want to consider. We want to figure out, like, whether you're going to be with us for the summer. And I want to have just, like, a really clear conversation about, like, what we need to see in order to extend, like, a full-time summer offer. If we were to do that, we would be asking you probably to come to New York with us for the summer. Okay. And it would be kind of like required in person. Is that like, is that something you'd be excited about?
Daniel Chadda: Yeah, definitely. I actually, like, went to high school in New York and kind of, like, grew up there, so. Yeah, we, my grandparents are there. I've like a lot of friends there, so, yeah, definitely.
Nathan Peereboom: Well, then why don't we do this? Let me, like, let me, let me do some thinking.
Nathan Peereboom: Send you over something async. But let's try and. Like. Let's try and be, like, really tight about the next few projects. Just so we have, like, all the information we need to, to kind of say yes or no and, and, like, let you plan your summer.
Daniel Chadda: Okay, perfect.
Nathan Peereboom: When do you have to decide about the virtual classes?
Daniel Chadda: I. So I don't have to, I don't really know when the registration deadline is, but it's definitely not until, like, at least May. So, yeah, probably by then.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay. Because I think that. You know, one of our big philosophies is. Like, you know, one thing that's frustrating about working with students in general is just that they have, like, you know, their brain is in school. Which, yeah, it should be during the school year. But I think that if we were going to do a full time offer over the summer, we'd be, like, basically saying you, Daniel, give us your full brain for the summer. Don't be, like, competing with other stuff. Like, really give us your full brain. So we can, like, talk about that, but I just want to forecast that. If we were going to do a full-time thing, it would be in person. It would be.
Nathan Peereboom: Like, it would be like in spirit and in contract, like a full, like a, you know, 100 of your time sort of situation.
Daniel Chadda: Yeah, that makes sense. Makes sense. I actually did kind of want to ask you about that just in terms of, like, you know, in more like long-term roles. So I'm honestly glad we brought that up. I was kind of thinking about, like, asking you about it tomorrow, but, yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay. Yeah. In terms of, like, after school or in terms of summer.
Daniel Chadda: So, I mean, the summer was like, like the most immediate thing. So I, like, I was going to kind of, like, bring that up first, but I also would just, like, you know, kind of briefly, like, you guys were like, yeah, a bit longer term, like, you know, in the future. Because, you know, I am in my junior year now, so, you know, not, not too, too long before I graduate.
Daniel Chadda: So kind of have to start thinking about all of that.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, 100. Yeah. Let me. Yeah, let me send you something async because I want to collect my thoughts and be, like, really, really, like, concrete about it. But I think the tldr is like, we want to grow you into that role.
Nathan Peereboom: There's definitely, like, growth to be had. And, like, I want you to know exactly, like, what we're watching so that you feel like, hey, you know what? Like. You know, win or lose here, like, at least I knew exactly, like, what, what they were looking for. So. Exactly. Because I know that that's sort of hard sometimes. Like, particularly, like. You know, just when you're in college, it's, like, hard to know. Like, what, what am I supposed to do? So we'll give you the, we'll give you the, the kind of. Clarity on that. Because I know that that's helpful. Okay.
Daniel Chadda: Yeah. Yep. Perfect.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay. Awesome. Anything else before I go?
Daniel Chadda: Yeah. So just update on the, on the 401k project you assign me. Yeah. Yeah. So I don't, I've been putting everything in the notion document, but I just want to, like, yeah, just wanted to update you myself. So I spoke to them. Yeah, I really don't. I don't know if I send you a slack about this or not, but the point is, I spoke to them. I had a call with them, and they basically mentioned that, like, Fidelity's plan, like their standard 401k, which is like the Fidelity Advantage. It doesn't offer. What is it not offer profit sharing? And so therefore it just, like, would not, you know, it doesn't really fit what we're looking for.
Daniel Chadda: So they told me that, like, the best, I spoke to, like, two different reps. The first one didn't really know much, but the second guy, like, he, you know, was actually able to give me some info, but he mentioned that we should go with, like, the best option would be a TPA referral. So I've already reached out to them. He, like, sent me the info. I was like, a few days after. And the company is. Let me get that for you. Sorry.
Nathan Peereboom: No, you're fine.
Daniel Chadda: Yeah. Really? Put this. Okay, it's. Yeah. Uni Global. So I've sent an email to them just asking for, like, when we could meet. I'm going to probably send another one soon if they don't get back to me, like, later today. But I, like, I'm guessing because, you know, in the notion document, it says that. It says that, you know, like once I'm able to, you know, like, decide which plan we're going on, which we kind of have in this case, unless you think that, like, the TPO referral is a good idea in which case, oh, I can amend that. But if you, like, if you're okay with this, then I will set up the call with them. I'll, like, find a time that works for, you know, you and Jackson, and we can go from there.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. So can you add to my to do list to just review your notion page with these notes? Because I think. Yeah, I, I have to, I have to glance through it. I don't know enough to give you an answer one way or the other right now, but I, but it makes sense for me to. Like, do that before moving forward.
Daniel Chadda: Yeah, exactly. Yeah. Because, yeah, I don't, I don't want to, like, do the meeting with them if, you know, you don't think it's, like, a good idea, or do you want to take a different approach?
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, yeah, yeah, exactly. Exactly.
Daniel Chadda: I'm just going to link the file in the task.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay. Okay. Sweet. Thank you.
Daniel Chadda: Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: And did you mark that as, like, high or immediate? Just so I make sure I see it.
Daniel Chadda: I did not. I will do that right the second.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, cool. Yeah.
Daniel Chadda: Okay. All you want to hire immediate at all.
Nathan Peereboom: Let's do immediate. I want to unblock you on this.
Daniel Chadda: Okay. Sweet. And. Yeah, I'm trying to think if there was anything else. I feel like that's most of the important stuff.
Nathan Peereboom: There's some jot crud stuff that. That I think we have to just go over.
Daniel Chadda: So.
Nathan Peereboom: So, yeah, I think let's, let's talk about that. Okay, so for John hensel. You have the two main things. We just basically need to call the insurance company to be like, hey, this application is there. We have no idea, like, what the status is. Like, like. Where do we see the status? Like, it's totally opaque. Like, I submitted the application. And we just haven't heard anything. So we need to, like, just get them, like, just literally force them to, like, tell us. So that's one thing.
Daniel Chadda: And then obviously they're really just not replying to emails. I was the. I was thinking about it yesterday. Like, when I, when I sent that follow-up I was like, maybe I should call them or, I don't know, but glad. Yeah. Glad you confirmed that.
Nathan Peereboom: Yes, absolutely. We should call them. And then we are starting the application for another person, a woman named Tomika. And so did you. Did I hear that you're, like, tied up for, like, you have a final or an exam, like tomorrow or something?
Daniel Chadda: Yeah, that's. That's me. I do. Yeah. I got exams tomorrow. Yeah, but I, like, I do have a little bit of time today. So, you know, if you want me to, like, jump into it, I can definitely do that.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay. Yeah, I think I might have you do that. It could be like a good exercise in basically, like, pulling down a bunch of documents and just, like, surfing around the CAQH site, which is the main site that payers look at to verify, like, critical documents. So I'm going to send you a little, like, hey, go, go do this, you know, like, checklist for that as well. And if you could, if you could, that would be. That would be awesome. Just so we can, we can give her an update and say, hey, we've got, we've started to get things submitted.
Daniel Chadda: Okay.
Nathan Peereboom: All right. Beautiful. I think that's it. I think that's it.
Daniel Chadda: I think that's. Yeah, that's it on my end also. Yeah. Happy to, like, talk about anything else if you, you know, have something else in mind. But it's everything I've got.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, that's awesome. Okay, great. So I will send that over and we'll just keep, keep plugging forward. Daniel, super excited about this. And appreciate you just, like, keeping up on, on all these threads.
Daniel Chadda: Yeah. Yeah, of course. Of course. I, you know, apologize again. I know, you know, you want to have something for this meeting, like for the marketing, but I just like, yeah, I did not, you know, get around to it in time, unfortunately.
Nathan Peereboom: So. Yeah, that's all right. I get it. Okay, cool.
Daniel Chadda: Go forth.
Nathan Peereboom: Prosper and send me what you need me to review.
Daniel Chadda: Okay. Yeah, for sure. Good. Thank you.
Nathan Peereboom: Thank you, Daniel. Take care.