Nathan Peereboom: Testing, 1, 2, 3.
Tim Hall: Hey, good afternoon. Can you hear me?
Nathan Peereboom: Chris, did you. Did you hear that? It was like a. Like a lawnmower.
Nathan Peereboom: Tim, you might be mowing your lawn. Oh, no, you're not.
Tim Hall: I promise. He's not.
Nathan Peereboom: Can you hear me? Yeah. Hey. How are you?
Tim Hall: I'm good. How are you?
Nathan Peereboom: Good. Good. Happy Friday. Are you guys. You have any fun weekend plans?
Tim Hall: No, I've been traveling this week, so it's going to be recovery is what it is.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay.
Tim Hall: Last week we had an ice storm, so it's just going to be that hopefully my phone doesn't ring and just chill weekend.
Nathan Peereboom: Yep. I think. Remind me where in the country y' all are. I know you're, like, absolutely everywhere, but. But where in particular are you seated?
Tim Hall: No, we're seated in Augusta, Georgia.
Nathan Peereboom: Wow. Ice in Augusta, Georgia. Yeah. That would shut the city down.
Tim Hall: Yes. Well, let me tell you, we have. In my area, we had over 5 inches of snow, which snow's not bad. It's just when it melted and froze, everybody freaked out.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. The. We had the same thing happen up here. We're in Washington, D.C. and they're calling it snow Crete because it basically, like, melted a little bit and then refroze. And so it's like, it's. I mean, it's so hard. You can't. Like, your foot doesn't go through. It's just a sheet of ice on top of everything. So we are in. We're in the same boat. Well, listen, it's great to meet both of you. Have. Have we been on a call before? Remind me. I don't think so, but maybe we have.
Tim Hall: Okay, great with you a couple of times.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, perfect. Well, it's nice to see you in person. And, Tim, it's great to meet you. My name is Nate. I'm the CEO and co founder of Jot Psych. And, you know, I know that you've had conversations with Chris and. And, you know, you probably have a bunch of questions for me, but let me. Let me start off by asking, like, what is helpful to y' all today? How. How can I be of service? And just, like, pulling back a curtain on, like, who we are, what we do, how we can serve you, because I know that you probably have some information I don't want to. I don't want to know. Give you things that you already have. But. Yeah. How. How can I be of service?
Tim Hall: That's a loaded question right now. So, I mean, I can let Abigail kind of speak a little bit more from the provider standpoint. I can tell you what we are. I mean, we're obviously an 82 bed psychiatric facility. I would say we're more of a hybrid model. When it comes to an emr, we're still very much heavy paper. We do have HCS as our emr, if you will, but it only allows for like med orders, med reconciliations, physician orders, that type stuff. The actual documentation of doing the psych evals or the physician notes, therapy notes, all that is handwritten.
Nathan Peereboom: Gotcha. Wow. All right, so when, when a note gets hit, when all this gets handwritten, where does it go? Do you guys have like a huge room with like manila folders along the wall?
Tim Hall: Yeah, essentially. So each unit, I mean, if the patient is in house, there's essentially a binder on the unit for that particular patient. So with our bylaws that states, you know, within 24 hours, documentation has to be in that chart and we all notch it. Nuances of that.
Nathan Peereboom: I have to ask, I have to ask. So I don't know very many facilities on paper charts. I mean we sometimes when we were first starting out, we'd go to door to door and we'd like meet people who are like, you know, they were like, I always did paper charts. This is like my thing. But for an 80, 80, 80 some bed facility. I imagine there's a rationale for why you guys have kept on paper charts. And I also imagine that there's a rationale for why you might want to like have some automation around. Even if you're printing them out and you're keeping them on paper, why you'd be interested in AI. Help me understand the narrative here. Like what, what is, what's driving an interest in looking at this part of your operations right now.
Tim Hall: Well, I'll give you a little. Another little background. So we're owned by a larger corporation called UHS and they've got 300 semi behavioral health facilities. So they're moving in that direction. It's just where we fall on that list. And of course having 300 facilities, they also want to streamline what we're all using as well. So that's kind of the background and obviously the nuances we're experiencing now regarding documentation is what you can imagine, timely documentation, quality documentation. Those are my biggest areas right there.
Nathan Peereboom: That's really interesting. How do you evaluate quality, getting paid?
Tim Hall: When I look at my denials right now, that's how I judge it.
Nathan Peereboom: What are your denials right now? Like what percentage of your claims are paid immediately versus like you have to kind of litigate it back and forth through appeal and denial process.
Tim Hall: Right now for 20, 25, we were running 8 and a half percent denied net 8, 8 and a half percent of denied for net revenue. Dollar essentially 9% of every bit of revenue we got was denied.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay? Gotcha. And that's after the actual, like, appeal denial process. So the first round, you actually have a denial rate that's higher. Right. Because then you appeal it and you get some of your appeals.
Tim Hall: Yeah. So that, that is before our appeals. But even our recovery rate, to be honest with you, is embarrassing.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay. I know you are all part of, like, a large system. How much power do you have over the software you get to use?
Tim Hall: I would say depend. Really depends. What I'm driving right now is I know what they want to do, but I've got to make a change sooner rather than later.
Tim Hall: Okay, whatever that means. And, and whatever product we find, I'm definitely going to push and see what we can get in here sooner rather than later because like I said, eight and a half percent is. This size facility is way too high.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, that makes a lot of sense. Okay, so you care about quality documentation, you care about denials, and you care about speed of submission. Is that kind of. Are those the three things that you're. That you're really trying to solve right now?
Tim Hall: Correct.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, have you, have you guys looked at, like, other tools? Like, how have you tried to fix this in the past?
Tim Hall: I mean, the. I think the thing we did a few years ago was essentially going and creating a fillable PDF through Adobe or Nitra PDF that. That's about as far as we've been able to get.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, well, here's what I'd love to do. I'd love to walk you through two different things that might be interesting to you. One, I want to walk you through our core software and just, you know, if you're interested in an AI scribe that writes the best note in the world, you know, jots like is. Is that scribe for behavioral health. But we also have a line of products around billing optimization. And here's why you're not alone. At mean, everyone in this space knows that, you know, forever the documentation world and the billing world were different, but the documentation world existed because of the billing world. You know, you documented mostly because you needed to get reimbursed. Now, of course, like, you know, there's medical benefit to having notes, but people, you know, you know, long ago they would, you know, they'd have a notepad, and the notepad would hold a lot of the information they needed to remember, you know, before and after. Now, you guys, obviously, it sounds like are inpatient, so you have more probably of like a medical perspective on the note. You probably have more. There's. My guess is that there's more scaffolding around what's in your ehr and there's like, more attention paid to, like, you know, handing off a patient between two clinicians or coordination of care so you're not fully, like, in that space where. The note is not medically relevant. But the reason why you worry about your note is regulatory and compliance and billing related. So what we've done is we've created a software that unites those worlds that basically says, hey, we should take all the documents from payers, we should take all the documents from the apa, cms, AMA and build a documentation system around the rules and traditions of those groups so that every note is written in the right way, every claim coheres with the note. And anytime that a bill gets pushed to a clearinghouse, we're able to check whether that bill is paid in accordance with the contract. So that is the way that we've created our wraparound system. The tip of the spear, the entrance point is our air scribe. So I'm going to walk you guys through that and then there are a bunch of different entrance points and you can just tell me what's best for you. Okay?
Tim Hall: Okay.
Nathan Peereboom: All right, so I'm going to share my screen and just so I understand, can you guys remind me, are you both clinical? Are you both what? How do you sit in the organization?
Tim Hall: I am the CEO. Abigail is one of our psychiatric nurse practitioners and I trialed. Okay, great. Before, which is why you reached back out to me and then I had said I left the private practice and then came here. So the biggest thing is that's right to try, like, like I said in the emails to try to get something where it's all inclusive because we have patients that come back in. They go from our residential to our acute to our partial hospitalization program. They might come back, you know, they might come back five years from now and they might come back as an adult. We want to be able to, you know, like kind of address that. But the biggest things through corporate are not like our data can't be used to train the, you know, train the dragon, so to speak, to train the AI or to be saved necessarily for that. But I also don't know how we would stay save the data for us because what we do once we do this is we print them out. What I would like to be able to do is get like a SharePoint where, and that's what we're working towards right now is to be able to have a SharePoint where we do our billable form. But if your AI could fill the form for me or do the things that basically the form has then be able to, you know, be saved, that would be, that would streamline it to be very easy. So if we could like offload it into a document, a PDF of some sort.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, so let me just say, off the bat, to be like, you know, absolutely, crystal clear, we do not train on clinic data. We don't train on anything. We actually don't own our own, like, special model. We fine tune another model. But we don't ever like LLM train or build a neural net around your data. I just want to be like incredibly crystal clear about that. Every single vendor we work with, we have a BAA with that specifies that they also don't use the data in that way at all. So that's something that you should never worry about even if you save your data in job site. Now, if you save your data in jots. Like we are a fully HIPAA compliant infrastructure. We which means that we hold it for seven years if you save it, if you sign it, and then it follows all the regulatory constraints of patient data retention. So there's a special facility that we store it in. It's a different kind of cloud storage. It's the same cloud storage that the CMS, the NIH, I think Mayo Clinic and several other store and MedStar Health stores there. So. So it's just the normal plain Jane way that you're supposed to store clinical data. But I do want to be really clear that even though we use AI, we are not building an AI that is benefiting from your data being in our system.
Tim Hall: Okay, just real quick, so the data centers for this, do you know where they are located?
Nathan Peereboom: I believe that they are in Virginia, but I need to check. They might be in Ohio, but there's also duplication.
Tim Hall: They're in the US though.
Nathan Peereboom: Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, of course. Yeah. That's actually a frustration for our Canadian brethren because in Canada you have to store your data in Canada. And so anyone who asks about that, we have to tell them that unfortunately it's all stored in the good old U.S. of A. Okay, great. So let me. I'm just going to walk through things. So. Okay, so let me actually.
Tim Hall: Yeah, in terms, is there an app also. That would be my next question. Is there an app that would go with this?
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. You know what I'm realizing it probably makes sense just to show you the software rather than walk through this PowerPoint. But if you are interested in more of the data or, sorry, the security and compliance stuff, I'll send this to you. I think, Chris, you might have already shot it over, but this walks through at every single level. Like how we're protecting your patient data, only edit so
Tim Hall: that we can write a couple notes on it while you're talking before you. Well, Chris, you said you sent that out or sent this slot out.
Christopher Hume: Yeah, I sent the. The whole deck probably the first time I reached out in December. So I'll just follow up either this evening or first thing Monday with the the deck again. So you'll have all this information, both the security and more detailed overview of.
Tim Hall: Because when I go to submit this, a lot of what I'm going to need is probably going to be in the slide deck.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. Now, this number's out of date. We've scribed for about 2.1 million encounters. But one of the things that we're going to talk about as a potential for y' all to try JOT Psych is a pilot program. And the reason we do pilot programs is because in our theory of the world, y' all are clinical people, you're data driven people. You want to know if this makes sense for you. And so what we do is we offer JOT Psych for about a month, two to six weeks, depending on which plan you choose. And we just give unlimited jot Psych access to your entire team. And the benefit of that is we'll do a before and after survey and we'll actually show you, hey, this is how your clinic changed over that time. So this, what you're looking at in front of us is a case study we did of a clinic in the local area. It was, you know, the clinic has a little over a hundred clinicians. And what we found was that jot Psych saved those clinicians between one and a half to two hours per day. On average. The notes were submitted 60% faster. Now, I know 1.3 days is still slow for y', all, but for this clinic, it was amazing. And the notes, from a quality perspective, got 80. 80% of people said they were significantly better, not just better. So there are other case studies, and we'll send this over. But the whole point, when you think about the decision to be made here, the whole point of our pilot program is to deliver you a case study that then gives you all the information to decide whether or not you want to continue on with us. Okay, let me just show you how Job Psych basically works. And then we will. And then, and then we can talk about some of our billing components. So it's an AI scribe. I know that, Abigail, you've used JOT Psych. But, you know, Tim, for you, it's super simple. You simply click start recording. You choose a patient, you can select how much time, you can choose a template which shows you know, which is essentially how you want the note to come out. You can add notes, and then you can do attestations along the way. So it's really, really, really easy. If there's background on the patient, you'll see that background here, and if not, then you get a blank slate. But the whole goal of this, because I know that as a CEO, you must worry about people learning a new software. We just want to be really clear. Even though we're medical software, we're different than any medical software you've ever used. We're easy to use. We were built for the B2C style, like solo clinician just trying to get through their notes. A psychiatric nurse practitioner under single shingle. And the benefit of that is that the design of our product is incredibly, incredibly easy to train and bring people along for now, as part of our pilot program, we'll actually come down to Georgia and we'll actually do like a lunch and learn and train your whole team on it in person. But even if we didn't do that, This is a really, really easy software to use. Now when you generate the note, you of course get a full natural note. But this note you can edit. So you can ask, hey, make this whole thing shorter or whatever, and then have that edit applied. But the real crown jewel of the software is our audit program. So I mentioned this. You know, you guys care about quality notes, you care about reimbursement. The way that it works is you go into your jot audit instance and you just upload any kind of document that you'd like. And we create a bunch of rules based on that. So it might be, hey, for a moderate complexity, 99214, you need this version of MDM, right? I mean, that's something that I'm sure, you know, a suicidal ideation section that always includes whether or not there was a plan. You know, so these rules run on every single note and they're CPT specific, sometimes they're payer specific. But the thing is that they're glove fit for the particular documents that you care about. And they can be both based on things that come from like, you know, a direct payer document, but they can also just be like an onboarding document. You know, for some reason, your clinic wants to know that everyone you know, you want to know whether someone's wearing a hat when they come into your facility. It's completely flexible. Now, when you build these notes, not only do you get a dashboard of whether the clinicians are compliant across them, and not only can you see each claim, you know, based on that, but when you go into the clinician, when they go into the note, they can see, hey, based on your, based on our review, you actually are missing this. 96127. And based on what we know about the 99213, hey, these are the things that are missing. And if you'd like, you can fix them immediately and then you can run the audit or sign the note. Now, when you sign the note, we also have these checks. So if you're like, hey, I don't want anyone to see a patient without doing a pdmp, they can, you know, they can attest to that before being allowed to sign the note. So the whole goal here, what's the goal? We want every note to be compliant, and we want the note to be compliant based on what your payers are requiring and what you want to see in the note. And then as administrators, we want to give you a full oversight over what's going well, what's not going well, and what exactly you need to do. To coach your clinicians to be better at this. So that's the general thing. Now, I know that y' all were really curious. I think Chris had mentioned that you're curious about customization of the node itself. Like, I mean, we can talk through that, but that's something we can probably just build for you, custom. But the real thing that you need to understand is that all we care about is that you get reimbursed fairly for the good care that you do. Any questions on that before we kind of move on to other things?
Tim Hall: I don't think, I mean that covers it pretty well from my standpoint, but I know from a payer standpoint our contracts are different. Our acute patients are on our crisis unit. The vast majority of those contracts are all inclusive.
Tim Hall: The contracts for our residential treatment center are exclusive of the proteins, but everything else is.
Nathan Peereboom: So do you guys, do you guys mostly when you are in a like interfacing with an insurance company, is it mostly asking for continuation of care versus procedure based coding?
Tim Hall: Continuation of care.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, that makes sense.
Tim Hall: What our facility feels for is just room and board essentially.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. Well, one thing that you know, we always like to highlight for inpatient facilities that do continuation of care work, I guess two things. One, we have this, you know, this bar of tools that folks find really helpful when it comes to making arguments for continuation of care. So we've built this arbitrary document generator so you can say like what's an example document you would submit for continuation of care that would be based on a patient profile?
Tim Hall: Trying to think of one. I'm thinking from a um, perspective. And the vast majority of those would be like a concurrent reviews.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, write a concurrent review to justify continuation of care for this patient. Boom. Okay, so I can write something as simple as you, you know, a concurrent review. Just. I don't know if this is the right way to say it, but a concurrent review in service of justifying continuation of care. And what it'll do is it'll look through the entire patient record and immediately write what is a template for this particular document that's infused with the actual content from, from the patient. And what's great about this is you can save this as a template and you can reuse it and you can lock these templates so that you're using the same one and every time. But what's great is that we know a lot of folks who argue for continuation of care for inpatient facilities. They're on the phone with the, you know, the insurance company all the time because it's, or they're, you know, they're, they're swimming through huge amounts of documentation. By having everything in job site, you're able to immediately create something that is within the context of your payers, that is in dialogue with multiple different types of data and is really ultimately like really easy just to send off to a, to an insurer so you can, you can get that approval. So regardless, go ahead.
Tim Hall: Well, I was just going to say something that we're talking about the concurrent review. Another area is like when you do get that denial, then You've got to review that chart. That entire chart, all the notes and write the appeal letter. Well, yes, the software do it.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, totally.
Tim Hall: And based on interfal standards or MCG standards.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, totally. So here I can just show this again. So you know, continuation of care was just denied. Please write an appeal based on inner qual as I shall spell interqual standards.
Tim Hall: Looks right.
Nathan Peereboom: All right, so if I do that, there's already you know, loaded in the interqual standard, so it should write something that is coherent with that.
Tim Hall: So you guys already have that as a base in there, huh?
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. Oh, here it is. That's how you spell. I forgot the capital Q.
Tim Hall: Oh, that's okay.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: So medical necessity per interqual, safety and risk goal directed care, etc.
Tim Hall: I think all but one of our payers use Interqual. One only one of them uses density.
Nathan Peereboom: Can I make a suggestion to you, Tim? In, in for this particular workflow. So we have certain clinics that will actually have an interqual section at the bottom of every note. So every time they see a clinician, even if they're not billing for like that particular procedure, they'll use the interqual synthesis at the bottom to always have it handy. Should like, you know, should the clinician need to be like thinking through how to like, you know, get the details for that or for the billing department to be considering, hey, how do I frame this based on just the last, like the last encounter. And because all of our notes are historically referential, they actually pull from historical data and they'll, they'll kind of tug along relevant context that interqual synopsis at the bottom of the note or the top of the note will always be the most up to date version of interqual. So that way you don't have to have the billing department actually go in and like, you know, regenerate an interqual document every time. So there, there are some really cool ways for us to sort of watch your workflow and then like try and glove fit what Jottech does, particularly for the challenges of billing in your environment.
Tim Hall: Can I ask a completely not AI, but AI related question to this software? Able. If we were to scan a chart in like, let's say we had a chart that was denied last year and we want to appeal it, can we take that paper chart, scan it in and have your AI write our appeal?
Nathan Peereboom: If the note is in jot psych, yes. But if not, it doesn't have anything to base it on. I mean it could so it can't read like and like
Tim Hall: our, like historically our paper notes that are in there, it can't historically read them and build a story that says blah blah, blah, if not, that's a really good next. Next. Next Job site or job site 2.0.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. Well, let me show you kind of what we have on this side of the house. So I mentioned that we do billing. We have an automated posting appeals and underpayment detection service that, that we are, you know, that we're happy to kind of like, you know, work through with you if you guys are interested in that. Typically, the way we start with our billing process is we'll do like, an analysis where we'll pull all of your documents, including, you know, to that example, like. Like denials. And in our recommendation section, we'll say, hey, if you hire us to be your billing company, these are the first things that we'll go after. That list almost always includes litigating past denials. Right? Because, I mean, every company. There's no behavioral health company out there that doesn't have several tens of thousands of dollars in just, like, waiting denials that are, like, in limbo. You know, they've. They've been in AR for 180 days. And so that's. That's part of our service. If we, you know, come in and help you all with billing. But it's not something that's very easily done just off the shelf in the software because it requires the integration of a patient record, which again, will do. But it's kind of a roundabout way to appeal something. So if you wanted all your patient data in jobs, like, that's super easy. And then you could probably use it for appeals and all that, but it would be within the billing suite. It wouldn't be on the clinical documentation suite. So let me. Let me just, like, kind of propose this. In my view, you guys might be interested in a pilot program, but let me, I guess, ask, like, is that something that you'd be interested in? Is that something where that feels like the right first step for you?
Tim Hall: I mean, it would. I mean, before. Before I definitely said yes and pull the trigger. I'm gonna have to get approval from my corporate department.
Nathan Peereboom: Sure.
Tim Hall: That's why I'll have to get. Do my own homework and cross all my T's out on my eyes when I send it up.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, well, let us know how we can be supportive. You know, we're always happy to help answer documents. Right. You know, kind of write descriptions of, like, how the tech works. We work pretty fast. So if. If you need support on any of that, we're, like, really glad to be involved.
Tim Hall: Okay. For sure. I mean, I know I've got a big questionnaire I have to fill out at some point.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah.
Tim Hall: Like I said, a lot of that information I'll probably find in this lab day.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay. I have a question, Tim. I mean, one thing that we would like. It'd be a bummer if we just got caught in, like, some. Kind of corporate paperwork. Meer, is there any way to do this like just at a local level without escalating it all the way to the top of uhs,
Tim Hall: any, any agreements I have to submit through our legal department.
Nathan Peereboom: Gotcha. Okay, that makes sense. That, that seems like a good way to do business. I get it.
Tim Hall: But let me ask this is, is the pricing based on users or how's it based?
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, so the pricing for the like software is based on users. Just like normal boring software. So y' all are in probably like the 51 seat range. And most facilities of your size do like a one or a two year contract. So you should clock the total cost is like somewhere between 90 bucks and 100 bucks per month per user.
Tim Hall: Yeah, that's why I'm trying to sit down and think of how many between my um, department, my psychiatrist, I, I, I utilize fellows over on my residential side.
Tim Hall: So yeah, I think I got five of them on there. So even, I mean at the annual contract from 70 to 50 seats. Yeah, we're definitely gonna be in that range.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay.
Tim Hall: Yeah, well that makes sense. That's not, that's not horrible at all. Nope. Are you talking about if I said with 35 or something like that, you're talking about 4 grand a year? That's not, that's definitely doable.
Nathan Peereboom: Oh, sorry. This is per, per month. This is not per, this is not per year.
Tim Hall: Yeah, so that's still, that's still not unusual because you're talking about let's just say 49, 000. That is the salary for one. That is one salary.
Nathan Peereboom: Well, the thing that we always remind people is the goal of the pilot is to help you make that pricing decision. You know, and what we've found is that the impact is like so overwhelmingly powerful on the pilot that people just don't really look at the price after.
Nathan Peereboom: Now we price kind of middle of the road just because that's the way we do pricing in general. But, but I would say like when you're thinking about the price to value ratio, just trust that like the pilot is set up to give you all that information and let you make that decision, you know, in a really robust way.
Tim Hall: Right. I don't know that I have any other specific questions. I'm very much a financial person. If we were to like. Do this, would there be a way that we could have that? Like, if we were to do it for the six weeks that thousand dollars go, I mean, it's literally pennies, but still it's pennies go towards the 49, 000 that we would spend or the 50, 000 that we would spend. Something like that. Or is there a way that you can build a program that is very similar but tailored towards us where we have a set rate for what we've got? Because we can, we can take a look at like how many users we would have at any given time, essentially, and then, you know, get that back to you. And then if we could have like a set contract rate so that we can say, okay, well, it's going to be this instead of like, okay, this. This month we have, you know, 42 users. Next month we have 49 users, you know, so that we have that middle of the road. Because the next month we might have 30 users. I'm not sure. Like, I'm just saying, because we have, we have fellows that come in, we have nursing, psych, nursing students that come in, different things like that. So if we could get like something streamlined so that like budget wise, we would say, okay, it's $50,000 every month, it's $40,000 every month. Something to that effect. Is that something that you guys like while we're in the process of like taking it to where it needs to go to here, could that be built on the side for our corporation?
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, so a few things. When it comes to pricing, we like to keep things really simple. Just because we serve literally thousands of clinicians and you know, everyone wants like a custom structure, but we're like very simple people. Like, we're just like, every seat is priced the same based on the volume you have, but you can move up and down as much as you want. So I mean, depending on the contract you choose. So, you know, if you get the. If you want a monthly contract, for example, like, you can move up and down the seats every single month and it'll prorate and, you know, adjust. That said, in terms of like pushing back the pilot cost, I'm happy to do that. That makes total sense. Like, if you guys. Because the pilot is really just supposed to be. The reason we charge for the pilot is simply to be as a stake fee. Because we've been on a bunch of like, rodeos where like, we'll set up a whole pilot program, we'll go to visit folks, but then without the stake fee, they're just not invested in trying the software in a real way. So the function of that cost is purely psychological for you.
Nathan Peereboom: It's actually not. We're not making any revenue, really, on the, you know, we're spending this immediately when we come to visit you. So we're not making any money. Lose money on the pilots. We're happy to kick it back into the subscription.
Tim Hall: Okay. Okay. Oh, I was just here making sure it wasn't.
Nathan Peereboom: So can I. Maybe I can ask a question, like, for y', all, what is the decision process? So it sounds like the. There's like a legal committee somewhere, like, what is the timeline and process that y' all go through? And have you like, have you advocated successfully for software in the past? What went well? What didn't go well in that process?
Tim Hall: Well, I started advocating with the vendor and for a vendor, but that vendor has since stopped responding to me, so it really hasn't gone anywhere. I mean, oh my gosh, I've had, I've advocated for a few other things. Not for software per se, but for other things and haven't had an issue.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, great.
Tim Hall: The only way, the only hurdles, and I can be honest, only hurdles or pushback I could see is how's this going to tie into our current IT infrastructure?
Tim Hall: Yeah, I mean, like I said, where's the data? And making sure that the platform doesn't learn from our data.
Nathan Peereboom: Yep. Yeah, so we can put that in writing because again, it's really easy. We just don't do anything with it. In our, in our view, we wish we held no patient data. It's pure risk for us. We don't do anything with it. We also have a program where you can set things to auto delete because you're, you're keeping your actual notes in another ehr, right? So you could as an organization set a, like, hey, at the end of every week I want every single medical thing deleted. Now there's a disadvantage to that in that you don't have persistent information for patients. So I wouldn't really advocate for that. But if it was super important, we could like put a little like timer on it that deleted the data in terms of how it interfaces with your ehr, you just click copy all sections or select the sections you do want to copy and copy those in particular. So it's a really, really easy interface. There's no like, you know, there's no complicated integration work. If you guys have an EHR that sits in the cloud, so it's a website, you can, we have a special chrome extension that'll populate in the note directly into your ehr.
Tim Hall: I think you covered it. So, so forgive me, but if since our psychiatric notes and our psycho valves, that kind of stuff are all on our approved template, I'm assuming we just upload or when we get to that point, we give you all that template and that template stored within JOT Psych for us and then it will just essentially put the data on that form for us. We print it out and move on.
Nathan Peereboom: Yep, exactly. So, you know, you guys can do this self serve, like you can make your own templates, and, you know, there's no limit to those. Um, if you want us to do the engineering, it's $300 per form or per template, and we'll make the perfect thing, and then we'll lock it so that, like, the. That it can't be modified by anyone in your organization that's not you. So for large clinics, that's the typical route. It makes sense. And that way every single document comes out exactly as you want it every time.
Tim Hall: Okay. And then did you say that you do have the ability to do it as an app on the phone?
Nathan Peereboom: Oh, yeah, yeah. So there's a chrome extension and there's an iOS app. And then you can always. We have like a mobile friendly site. So even if you're like, you know, on a phone, you don't want to download the app. You can just pull it up as a website and it works exactly as is.
Tim Hall: Okay. And then is it able to. So we have multiple people that see our patients. We would have like a music therapist, like a like therapy. Regular therapist. Yes. And so like it'll identify that person. Like I just go in and I click. I want, you know, Michael Jones, state of birth 777v2. And so that's who it's going to pick. And then I can see the notes that like my therapist got from there so that I can like augment mine to go with that too. Or.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. And this is for a lot of like rehab facilities. This is like their favorite part because, you know, yeah, you do have a patient who's seeing, you know, a therapist. Maybe like, you know, somebody's managing their methadone, maybe also someone who's doing like some family therapy. Someone else who's maybe just doing med check, medical checks and things like. So the, the, the team aspect of job psych is amazing. And you're totally right. The data follows. So, you know, if I see a patient, we talk about, you know, whatever the fact that they're on lithium and then they go see someone else. Lithium follows through the medication section of all those notes so that you don't have this switch fee system. The medication section will be persistent, but every other section will be persistent to family history, etc. If that's relevant, you know, for that note, if that's in the template.
Nathan Peereboom: So I tell you guys what, I would love to meet with you again and talk about, you know, the initial reception to this. When is the next time that you would feel like, hey, we've got more information, we're ready to move to the next step. Whether that's, you know, completing a more paperwork or, you know, going in front of a committee and advocating for it, or just getting you guys on a pilot or us coming down there, like, what's the next decision point in your calendar?
Tim Hall: By the next decision point, I mean, I'll sit down and meet with my cfo, see how he feels about it. And then if he's good with it and we can figure it out in our current budget. Then I will just start the questionnaire for our corporate IT team. Okay. I feel like legal is going to be the easier one. It's going to be getting through the it and there is a questionnaire that I do have to complete and I can reach out to you because I will need help completing that.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, great. Do you need any support in terms of us talking to your cfo? Like, we're happy to, you know, you know, be on that call. We're happy to support you with documentation, anything like that. That would be useful.
Tim Hall: I don't think so. I'm. I'm the old cfo, so I think, I think I can get enough persuasion there.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay. All right, perfect. Well, how about this? It sounds like you're hopefully going to have. When do you have a sense that this is like a. Hey, we should, like, know. Should I shoot you a text, like next Friday and just see how that conversation went and see if we can help with the paperwork? Like, what's the best? I mean. Yeah, like, is that the kind of timeline that you're thinking?
Tim Hall: I mean, I would. If I can get all this moving, I would love to see this probably in the next, what, four, four to eight weeks. Like I said, moving through it and legal, that's going to be the hurdles. And then if it all gets approved and getting on your schedule, when you can come down and do the. All that y' all gotta do, amazing.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, so when you think about 48 weeks, is that 48 weeks to get through it and legal, or is that 48 weeks to start the IT and legal process?
Tim Hall: To get through.
Nathan Peereboom: To get through. Okay, awesome. Perfect. Well, great. Could I, Could I just put like 15 minutes on your calendar for next Friday just to check in? Because if we're looking at a 48 week timeline, I think I want to touch base, like each week just to make sure that we're like, supporting you in whatever that process is I can.
Tim Hall: Facility. First part of the day, the second half, I'll be up.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay. How does, how does 11:30am Eastern sound for Friday?
Tim Hall: I can make that work.
Nathan Peereboom: All right, great. And Tim, can I. Should I just call your cell phone? Is that easy?
Tim Hall: Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: All right, great. What's the best number for me to give you a buzz at it?
Tim Hall: My Cell phone is 6016-0195-3953-2231, 2231.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, cool. That's fantastic. And then the only other thing I would say is, you know, if you guys wanted us to do a look at your claims and just give you an analysis on that, that might be helpful. And it doesn't require, like, it doesn't require us integrating or doing anything besides sign, sign an NDA and BAA and all that. So if that's something that y' all are interested in, just let us know and we can pay for that up as well.
Tim Hall: Okay, perfect.
Nathan Peereboom: All right, great. So, Tim, I'll give you a buzz next Friday. We'll just touch base on, you know, how progress is going and how we can be helpful if you have any other questions. Questions. In the meantime, please reach out. I'm very available. And. Yeah, and thank you guys for setting up this time. This is. This is really exciting. I hope this comes together for you.
Tim Hall: Me too. Thank you so much. N. I appreciate your time.
Nathan Peereboom: Thank you both. Thanks, Abigail. See you.
Tim Hall: Bye.
Nathan Peereboom: Have a great weekend. Take care. Bye.
Tim Hall: Bye. Thank you.