Nathan Peereboom: Happy Friday. You're. You're almost done with the week.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Actually I just woke up a little bit ago. Is that not bad? No, I didn't sleep for like 48 hours and I took my.
Nathan Peereboom: Why?
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Well, I. I don't know. I have a long Covid and I have treatment resistant cove or insomnia ever since and so I have one medicine, last resort I'll take to knock me out but it makes me sleep too long. So I didn't sleep for about 48 hours and then my husband came home to wake me up about one o' clock and to inform me that the high school had called and my 16 year old daughter has been sneaking out and she is now pregnant. So I get to start out 20, 26 that way.
Nathan Peereboom: Oh wow. Oh man, that's. That's intense. Are you, are you doing okay with that?
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Hey, listen, I. I kind of go with the flow with most things. I don't. I just don't stress about some of this stuff. I can. I have no room to talk. I've been married 33 years this month and I was 16. Well, I was 16 when I got married and I was 17 when I had my first kid. So I really can't. I have no room to talk and I wouldn't sneak it out meeting random boys.
Nathan Peereboom: Out and about, so.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: But my daughter has not been out and about other than what she's been sneaking out to do. But I have five children and I adopted her and her sister 11 years ago. Well, she was. Yeah, she was five or I gave her her fifth birthday right after I got her and she come from a very traumatic, very horrible situation. And so we've had issues like mental health issues anyways for the. Well, since she hit puberty especially, which we kind of expected that and I actually, this is, this is the, the bad part is I actually did take her to an ob GYN and do the appointment to do an exponent on implant and I don't know if you know what that is, but it's a birth control that goes in their arm and it's good for. Actually I just said five years. This week they came out and extended it from three to five that way. I was hoping to get her out of high school, you know, her into college, get her some goals set and. But you can't put it in until you start your menstrual cycle. Well, she wouldn't tell me or her dad when she started so that I could take her up there and get it put in and so then here we are, but, you know, this is what it is, and I'm not, you know, there's some things in our control and some things out of our control, and that's out of my control. So David, I ain't worried about will work itself out. I have four other children that can help if we need help. And obviously I'm the one with the insomnia. So if I have to stay up or not, it's probably not going to be that big a deal. Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: Wow. That's a lot to hold as a family.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: It is. But she's got a good support system. She really does. It runs into a pocket. Problem that I see with our youth, when we run into this, which is never ideal. I will say it's never ideal. Is that like a support system. And she has that. And so, I mean, that's the best that we can give her. So that's what we'll do. Yeah. But yes, that, that was my wake up call this morning. And my husband's like, I didn't want you finding out after everybody else because my husband has this horrible habit. He's on speakerphone all the time. And two of my adult sons work with him.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: I got to hear that whole conversation, of course, and their wives hurting. And it was like, I'm like, you could have just let me sleep. I would have been fine with hearing this this afternoon.
Nathan Peereboom: Wow. How's your. How's your daughter doing with it?
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Is she terrified of me? I don't know. So again, this goes back to the ptsd. Her sister was murdered. My girls came from murder trial situation. And I got them after they had been in the children's home already for a year and the murder trial was fixing to start and they needed them out of the system, like into a safe home before then. And so they called us and they knew that we had, our intentions were adoption all along because I had three boys, I had seven nephews. I'm like, man, there's no girls in this family. And so we had decided to adopt, but you have to foster to adopt. You have to foster them to. For at least six months before you can adopt them. And they knew they weren't going home. So. And they knew what our goal was. And they also knew. So there was a lot that went into this decision. They knew we had a security system. They knew we had three big Dobermans. They knew we had guns. They knew that if these people showed up because there was more than one person involved in this, that we had all the security that we. We could. That they could have for the girls. And they knew nobody was just going to walk in and take the girls. And they also needed somebody with medical training because these two had been starved to the point of emaciation. Emaciation. And had lost all their hair. They look like cancer treatment kids. When I. Well, when they went to the children's home, they still were recovering when I got them. So they needed somebody that knew how to document and they needed somebody that, you know, you know, would do their height and weight every week and, you know, document that something that would stand up in court. And so that's how that all went about. And I had. We had filled out paperwork, gosh, probably eight months before that, and they lost it. And so we had just kind of decided, well, you know, they, they weren't going to ever find it. And we weren't just too stressed about it one way or the other. And they found our paperwork the day before. These questions. Girls had to be moved. And they called my nurse who had been a foster parent for 10, 15 years, and she said, if we call her and ask her to take these kids, do you think that she will and does she have the capacity or you'll have the ability to protect them if we need to? And she said yes. She said, you'll never know. They're not her kids. And. And that's been the way it was. But it was a very intense thing that they had went through and very intense as far as it really stressed. Stressed the. Of course I had to be very careful. Not so document. So it's different to document at work than it is to document at home. So I had to be very unbiased in my documentation. And so then when we had a crisis, kind of in the middle of all of it in the fostering part and the juvenile, so I don't know where the juvenile officer, somewhere he fit in there somewhere. But anyways, they asked me to send all of my documentation to him, which he takes to the judge. And I had to give it to DHS too. And immediately their attorney wanted to know who I was, what I did for a living. And, you know, they began asking a lot of questions because the documentation wasn't just normal documentation. It was, it was medical.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: And they wanted to know what I was doing different that was making them grow. I was feeding them. Oh, I did. I fed them and gave them a multivitamin. I, like legit. Didn't do anything different. And they grew and they got their hair back and they started gaining weight. And the one that was off the girl chart, she was a year behind on the growth chart. She obviously, she's taller than I am now. She's. She's obviously fine. But they, they started doing very well, but it was all about just stable home food access and just taking care of them. But once they got that documentation, then the other, the other side, they were like, you know, we're not going to get around this. There's just no way to get around this. We can't prove that there was any medical condition. And that was her excuse for the first child that she killed was that she had. I can't remember the name of where they don't grow anyways, failure to thrive. But it was. They were actually giving the sibling growth hormone shots. So the pediatrician and the nurse practitioner that was seeing them totally missed the Munchausen that was going on. And so then they were giving her growth hormone shots, but then she wasn't being fed and so then it was straining everything. And then eventually the abuse got so physical and bad, she ended up with multiple brain bleeds and up in the ICU in St. Louis. And so that's when, of course, they removed the other two girls and the. The two youngest, which is the two that I have and they, the youngest one was three when I got her. She does not remember any of this. So we have like, she, she doesn't, she knows that she's adopted, but when anything comes up about it, she'll tell you. So like our oldest daughter, she did the whole DHS thing last year, said that we were beating her up and all this stuff. I'm like, first of all, the child goes to public school. She was being beat up. Somebody would say it. I'm at the clinic till six or seven o' clock at night and she is there with me, with. And my patients see her, including DHS people, by the way. She did not realize DHS was my patients. Conflict of interest. I do realize, but we're in a small area, there's nothing else you can really do. And she didn't realize that they had watched her grow up in the clinic and watched her, you know, flourish basically and have everything that she needed. And so when DHS come out, I'm like, dude, if you think she's being abused, come rescue me. Just come get her. Just come home. I ain't doing this. So when all that happened last year, our youngest daughter was like, I ain't going nowhere. This is my mom and dad. And no, my sister has lost her mind. So anyways, they told her she could either do her, she wouldn't participate in therapy or take her meds. And I said she could either do that, go back to foster care or go into residential care. And she decided very quickly that she was loved and nobody was mistreating her.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: And she was saying, anyway, again, it's just, I just kind of roll with it. I don't give people the power to like, I'm not gonna have let her ruin or anybody ruin my day because they're having a bad day, you know, crap happens anyways.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. That is really intense.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Yes. A lot of people don't realize the things that go on in other people's lives. I, I really, we. And we told the judge, the judge us, like he like, they like separated us from everything else in the court and which was unusual. And his only thing was he wanted to apologize to me and my husband because he's like, these were your very first foster kids. And he said it was the worst child abuse case in Dun county history. And he said, he said, I just want to apologize. He said, that is horrible. Well, the girls were fine. I mean the girl, there wasn't a problem with the girls. And you know, I mean, they were. They weren't the problem. The problem was in. In jail. So we. We were like. We just took care of him like we would take care of our own kids. So they really weren't a problem.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Let's do more kids when you already have three. I mean, really. And two of them's growing and out of the house, so.
Nathan Peereboom: Oh, my gosh. You're doing amazing stuff there. I can't believe how many things you have on your plate, Amanda. It's.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Yeah, it's.
Nathan Peereboom: It's.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: It's probably not healthy, but it's. It's compartmentalizing, too. But I also learned when I got really sick how to. I set my limits. The things that I want to do. I work three and three, three and a half days a week. As far as seeing patients. I tell you the other days I do admin things I want to do. You just, you know, we talked about this last time. My whatnot selling that I do on the weekends. I don't do it every weekend, but I design and maybe clothes manufactured and they ship them to me from the manufacturer in China. I know that's awful. But there's not a manufacturer in the US that makes.
Nathan Peereboom: No, I don't judge. I. I don't judge at all.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: They're the only ones right now that manufacture bamboo, baby. So for me to get that, I have to do that there. And I did look for a U S manufacturer. No look there. But anyways, I do. I just kind of separate it. And then things I'm interested in like this, what you guys are doing. I think it's gonna.
Nathan Peereboom: It makes a difference.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: I know it makes a difference.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: We had a meeting this week with Spravato. They come up every now and then from Little Rock and talk to us. And we had a meeting Tuesday with her and. And I hadn't seen her since before Christmas. And she'd asked me what our plans were for the year because our sprout bottle treatment room was getting full. And I told her, I said, well, since we had a snowstorm, my husband didn't want to work outside.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: And he's the contractor. He's like, we're going to work inside the next two weeks. And so he's been in and almost finished my. Anyways, yeah, he was been in there finishing our extra spatial room. But anyways, the hard question was where are you at on denials? Denials for sprado. And they're always shocked. They ask us every time they come in and. And my nurse is like, I've only had two denials.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: And so I told her, I said it's. It's just a process and part of it is jot psych. So now I've got her spreading. She is like spreading the word of jot psych all over wherever she goes. So I don't know where all. And then she goes all over the state of Arkansas. So just part of their job is to help us get the drug covered with the insurance company. But it's all. It all comes down to documentation. It really does.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, sure.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: But anyways, what I was wanting interested in.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: I think I talked to you before and night had a message Mainstead, that you had something you could show me on the billing or something because I kind of wanted to see where we were at because I do. I think we. I told you this in June. June or July. I think it's June. I have to renew my violent. And if there was something that we could be testing to move over to, then, you know, that might be ideal. I don't know. I just kind of curious as what. What where you're at with that and where. And I wanted to see it how it was going to work so far. I know it's not like it takes a while to build that, but I'm just making plans for the year and the girls keep asking me about it and. And I'm like, your job's not that hard. We copy and paste. It's really not that hard. And they just want me to sign it and do that.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, great. Well, let me do this. I mean, I'd love to. There. There's so much going on right now. Here's. Here's the. Here's the thing. I can walk you. We've got a few different offerings right now.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Okay.
Nathan Peereboom: He's launched credentialing. So we do credentialing now. I don't think you need that, but, you know, it's there. We do eligibility checks now. We obviously know about JOT audit. I think that you've been following that.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Well, I. I know we talked about it in a meeting and I missed the last meeting. I asked them to record that so you could send it to me, but I did not get to see that kind of in action. But I think we talked about that before. That kind of. I can't remember. There was two parts and I was like, those two kind of go together. The jot audit. And there was something else that you guys.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, let me. Yeah, so there's. Sorry, Let me just.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: I'm sorry. I kind of. I'm a talker. I don't mean to be. I just had like a huge cup of coffee. Wake me up.
Nathan Peereboom: No worries. Yeah. So I would love to show you. Let me show you our full billing offering.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Okay. Okay.
Nathan Peereboom: There's going to be jot audit inside of it, but then the real, real thing that I think you're gonna be excited about is we just launched E Prescription. Yes. And so what my recommendation to you is going to be today is basically to get on our E Prescription and get on JOT audit.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Okay.
Nathan Peereboom: And if you're interested, we can do. We can start down the path of jot bill, but you should be able to do basically everything in jot psych at this point, which is really exciting.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Okay.
Nathan Peereboom: So. So I'm gonna also, I'm gonna have to run at 4:30, so I'm gonna kind of whip through this.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: But if you need to call me back later, that's not a problem either. And if we need to do something later, that's okay. I know I talked a lot in the beginning.
Nathan Peereboom: No, no.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: And then we'll. We'll cut off.
Nathan Peereboom: You know, it's fine.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: More time for sure.
Nathan Peereboom: Let me ask this before we go into billing because I'd love to walk you through. Our billing offering is shot. Is. Is E Prescription something that you would want access? Yes.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: I gotta have that. That's built in already to my other ehr.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: So I will have to have access to that. That kind of. So that was kind of, in the process,
Nathan Peereboom: set you up for a kickoff on that.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Like, is that.
Nathan Peereboom: Yes.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Yes. Because the only. So this is kind of crazy. All right. I pay for you guys stuff, which I told you I want a discount with helping y' all out when y' all get this all done. I want a good discount. So nice to help, actually. I love what y' all doing. But anyways, the only thing I'm using my EHR for right now, legit, other than I copy and paste what I do inside of JOT soc and I send my prescription. Subscriptions through my ehr and I do my billing through my ehr and it also keeps the accounting, you know, I told you, you know the accounting side of it. So the only two. That's all I'm doing through there. We have our own, we have our own texting software, which I seen where there was like a text box or something at the top. I've not tried using it, but we have our own texting software, which, I mean, if I didn't have to pay for that, that would be awesome. I pay for a separate intake software that. If I didn't have to pay for that, that would be great. It's only $100 a month. But we, we manually copy certain parts of it into the billing side of it and then we scan in a PDF of what comes in on our form. Dr. And anything that obviously that we can make our workflow easier is awesome. I tried to, I, I played with it a little bit and tried to make like an intake form thing on mine, but I, I didn't get to, I didn't get to test it and see if it would pull over the information from that into like a actual chart or if that was something you guys needed to build. But intake forms is something that, I mean, we can keep doing it like we're doing. It's really a lot of hardship. I mean, we, we've got a routine for it. It's all connected to our website and everything, but not a. It's not a tremendous deal, but it just is a. If we can make one workflow easier than life is just easier.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, let me, I'm going to make this recommend. I'm going to set you up for time to kick off on so that you can start prescribing through jobs. Like, that'll be the first thing. And then is the second thing you said, the billing, like if you were able to do E prescription and billing and shots, like, would you be able to let go of billing?
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Yes.
Nathan Peereboom: Great. We can do both those things for you now at 100% level. So I'm going to just sign you up for the JobRx intake and then today I'll show you what the whole thing is for billing and if you want to sign up for that too, we can do that as well. All right.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: All right.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Because the other thing is. So the only thing that you would have to fix for me, two things. I gotta have two things on the billing side. One, of course, I'm sure it's in there and you guys already talked about it. It was in the video, the accounting side of it and me that being able to run a report for my commission paid people.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: But on your calendar right now, and it's maybe there and I haven't figured out how to turn it on. I cannot see anybody else's calendar. My secretary cannot schedule on there yet.
Nathan Peereboom: That is, we have that in prototype right now. I can actually see. I saw it in our engineering chat. It is, it's in beta right now. And I can mark you down to be one of the first people.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: And what we can do too is like, instead of putting like all my staff onto the billing side, just move me over and then that way I can put my other providers on there later and we can kind of test it that way.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Or whatever is the easiest.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: I don't know what the easiest and the best way to do it. I just know that my revenue can't stop.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, let me, let me ask this. I just, just tactically, are you available at 1pm Eastern on Monday?
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: So on Mondays and Tuesdays I take a two hour lunch break and it's not eastern, I'm on central time. So that would be 12. So I'm sure that I can. Because I take a lunch from 12.
Nathan Peereboom: Awesome.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: I can just tell the girls to make sure that my Monday morning we just got to run on time. I might. Sometimes I run into lunch depending on what it is. But awesome.
Nathan Peereboom: I just put an invite on for one. Just let me know if you got it. And if so that is, that's like the perfect time for you to at least get started with Jotrx.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Yes, I would love to be able to start especially with that. Yes, I got, yeah, the kickoff. I got the email. Okay.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, awesome. And now I'm going to just walk you through what we have on the billing side. So and then I'm also going to pull this up. Okay. So I think that you probably are aware, and I'm just going to walk you through it really fast that we've launched this thing called job audit and what job it allows you to do. You can watch this video if you'd like. It allows you to send us your payer documents. And what we do is we create all these rules based on them and each of those rules is used to audit every single note.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Okay, when you say payer documents, what are you looking for?
Nathan Peereboom: Pair contracts. Literally any email you've gotten from a pair. We'll do some online searching to find where payers have posted, for example, their audit guidances and things like that. So what happens is when a note gets created, we basically will code the note for you and then we'll show you the things you missed and you can kind of come in here, you can change the note based on what we recommend and then you can save it and make it more audit friendly. So that's the core of how the billing system works. Now jot bill is the entire management of that life cycle though.
Nathan Peereboom: So we start out at the beginning. We check eligibility. You do the note in a pairware template. We then audit that note using your rules and rules that we have on our side. You then submit or resubmit for you the claim and then we'll do all of the automation in the back end to make sure that the ERA coheres with your contract and that what you have in your bank account coheres with your. With the era. So at every level, you're. We're making sure that you're getting paid exactly what your contract says you're getting paid.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, so we have people, you know, we have humans, but it's like also, you know, primarily AI. So from your clinician's perspective, what happens? Eligibility is just flashed for you. The note gets written as you know and love by REI scribe, and then you just click. Sign and we'll go back and forth with you if there's an audit problem. But jot audit is the feedback cycle that we have to help you make sure your notes are compliant.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Okay.
Nathan Peereboom: When it comes to reporting, right now that's all bespoke. So you basically can tell us what you need from our team in terms of reporting and then we create an automation around that and we productize it in your. In your portal.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Okay.
Nathan Peereboom: So yeah, you know, the value here is just in the highest quality version of all of these steps. So, you know, when we do eligibility checks, we're not just looking at an API, we're also doing our own calling, we're also looking at documents. When we write the note, it's got all the things that you've given us as well as what we have off the shelf in terms of rules and guidance and norms. You know, when it comes to appealing, we have the entire clinical record as well as the claim we wrote is in order to, you know, appeal as fast as possible. Anything that's incidentally declined. So. And then of course, you know, we do patient building collections before I go. Any questions on capabilities before we talk?
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: No, the. So the denials, in my experience, I just don't have any luck with denials. Never have. And that will be, that will be the telltale sign of how, how well that works because I literally spent. I paid extra for Valent to have the denials part of their software and we spent over two weeks doing all of these denials and stuff and sending them off just to test it. And we got zero, zero turnovers.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. Yeah, no, totally. I mean, yes. That's something that I remember you telling me when we were first talking about all this. And it's a great exam. It's a great place for us to plug in. Any other questions about what we do?
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: I guess my one, the billing has to. Billing is pretty straightforward to a point. But then again, my concern is just always making sure that I get my. And. And that's going to be my concern and my. Okay, I tell you what would be nice and I don't know if you can do this is the. So like when I do and you can look at the other video when I do my reports for my commission for my providers. Right. I only have two options. I give them access to all the financial information to the clinic to be able to see theirs or you know, I would like the option to just them see just what they have collected that period, that pay period, instead of them saying everybody else's and seeing all the financial information, there's no way for me in Valent to just give them access just to their financial side of their information.
Nathan Peereboom: Because I'm pretty sure we'll do that custom for you. So. So you tell us the report you want and we'll just make it so you can just PDF it to each of the groups.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Okay. Yeah, because they're. I mean, they all trust ma', am, which I. I'm pretty open about most everything, but, I mean, there's going to be a time if we can. Can keep growing. There's going to be people I'm not going to know as well as what I know my people right now, and I just don't. It's none of everybody's business how much money the whole clinic's bringing in.
Nathan Peereboom: No, it's not. I totally agree. Okay, perfect. Yeah, that's. That's totally doable. Sorry, I'm just looking at time and I want to make sure we. So pricing. It's just write down the fairway pricing. I mean, this is just standard billing company pricing. 48%. You can choose exactly how much you want us to be involved, and there's no pressure either way. So we can start out and just, you know, do submission. And then at the max level, we're basically like. I mean, we're like, you know, we're basically like a human being that you built.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Yeah. So the only. I'm going to tell you, the only problem with this is we are like percentage to death already by credit card transactions and everything else. And I will tell you, I have had a billing company before, one I did not, I have never had a good experience with, and I paid the 8% for Athena, and it. It hurt our clinic revenue so bad to lose that extra 8%. And you know, I hate paying percentages. I do. Because, you know, we. And I realize AI and AI is going to be doing a lot of the work. But I can tell you, if I ever talk to anybody who's worked with Athena, they like Athena. But the first thing they say is this will hurt you. This, this is the. That is their first complaint is they charge too much and they're too expensive and their billing is not accessible because we already struggle with our reimbursement rates as it is. And 8% is too much. Now, I know that you're going to have some people that do better than other others, but I will say that one, your. Your independent practices are going to look for this because they don't have the revenue and enough people working to pay for a biller. So they're obviously going to be looking for that, but they're not going to be able to afford 8% because every bit of their revenue is going to be going into their business.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. What we recommend is like, start out with like 4 to 6%. Like start out with one of our, like, lower plans. And then. And if you need 8%, you can go up to 8%, but I think you can get a lot of. There's a lot of juice to squeeze at six.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Okay. So. And then the option that if we don't, if all we want to do is if we want to handle most of that ourselves, getting our eras back and applying our eras, which. What are our options then? Because I can tell you. And I might be an ugly. I pay. I've got me and two other billers. Okay? I'm not going to fire my billers. My bill, one biller works part time, other one's my brother in law and our accountant. So he, he like kind of comes in and out helping. Of me with claims and stuff. I would like to have something, but I would love to have the 8%. But I'm going to just. I don't think I can do it. But I would love the, the services and part of that because what the one that everybody struggles with is denials and somebody to help with that and would love to have that load. But also take into consideration you're working with nurse practitioners and parity is not across the United States. Actually, I'm in the middle of a complaint with the Arkansas Insurance Commissioner, with Blue Cross Blue Shield and Ambedder. They're both being investigated right now based on complaint that I filed and several others because of reimbursement. But one of the problems we have is nurse practitioners only get paid 65 to 70, about 80% depending on the insurance company of what a doctor gets paid.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: But all of our expenses are the same. The only company that has ever, ever taken into consideration those costs was. Well, they were carry all their TABOR, TBR, TABOR or something. Yeah. And they gave us a 50% discount from what the physician owned practices had because they knew that we had. Our reimbursement was different. But that is the only thing that would scare me away from that as I don't. It's like no matter how hard you work then it's just you're not going to get ahead with that.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: And I do know that that is the pricing model of a lot of the billing. I know it. You're not lying to me. I know, I've seen it. I just also worked with it. And I know that it takes every penny we make to make. I will buy the tools that will make my clinic run smoothly. But I also have to be able to pay my people at the end of the day to be able to make the function. I want my job to be easier and smarter, but oh man, 8%'s a lot.
Nathan Peereboom: Well, here's what I would recommend. 6% still has us managing appeals and denials. So you don't need to do the max for that. So my advice would be. Well, let me actually just back up a little bit. Let me do some math.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: My, my, my revenue is running like anywhere from 40 to $50,000 a month. And you know, so even if we just do 40, you know, that's what, $4,000 a month at 5%. So you're talking about way more than I pay my biller right now. And that's an extra $4,000 a month I could be putting back into building onto my clinic. And completing construction.
Nathan Peereboom: Well, here, let me, let me give you a sense of, like, how you could start out with us. So we totally are aware of the fact that this is a big deal to make a decision to work with a bill.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: It is.
Nathan Peereboom: Yes. And so there's a lot of low hanging fruit, though, that doesn't involve. Of us being your biller. So one thing is, like, we'd love to do an analysis of what your current billing situation is, because we might look at it and be like, hey, like, Amanda, honestly, things are going great here. Like, you don't even need a biller. Just keep doing what you're doing, you know? So we charge 301 time to basically pull your data and do a whole, like, analysis where we answer, what are you earning today? Where's money getting to later loss? And what changes would unlock the most impact? So that's a good place to start. The second thing, though, is you can get a lot of the benefit of our billing service just by doing jot audit, you know, just. And that's like $69 a month. And what you're able to do is just have all of the rules that guide your notes and protect you from submitting a claim that doesn't, you know, that has, like, errors in the note describing. And so I think that that's where you should start. I would say don't worry about the 48% thing. If you want to work with us as a billing company down the line, great. But what you really need at the moment is what I'm hearing is a sense of, like, what's going on, you know, more protection for the documentation you're already creating and then e prescription. So that would be my advice if I were you. And, like, if you get through those things and you're like, oh, my gosh, wouldn't it be great if I never had to think about this ever again? And, you know, Nate and the rest of the team could handle it for me, then great. But if not, there's no. There's no worries here. We're. We're. We're playing a real long game with you, Amanda. One day, we're going to run your entire clinic, and it's just going to be you with all sorts.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: And, you know, that sounds so wonderful. It does.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: It really, really, really does. So. So think about that with. In terms of My time with you guys was always, always wonderful, and I don't mind it. But think about that. Is those people that have been on your board and helped you get to this point that we need a discount. Dude, we are your people who are. I am telling everybody about this. I am.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: I've got.
Nathan Peereboom: The tough thing, Amanda, is just that the reason why we have to charge the percentage for billing is just. It's an enormous amount of work, and I think you know that. Like, so it's the kind of thing where, I mean, if, I mean, we, I could put together a package where we decreased, for example, the subscription cost if you were doing billing with us. But the billing, it's just so much work. It's a lot of, it's really detail oriented. And I have to protect, you know, just like your business, just like I have to protect mine.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: And I understand that.
Nathan Peereboom: So if you were interested in going through, if you, if you get through all this and you're like, man, if only it was cheaper, then I think, let's talk about some ways to decrease your subscription cost. But for right now, I would say if the percentage based billing is kind of a no go for you, then let's just wait. There's no rush.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Yeah and I wait on that part because it is for me because it it's not. I said I can't budget. I mean I legit cannot budget with a percentage billing because I don't know how much my bill is going to be every month.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: And you know right now I'm paying for what I'm paying for you guys right now and I'm paying for violent and everything. And I have a. And I would my so it doesn't mean it gets paid but my just my claims that go through even with two scrubbers, the Scrubber and Valent and a scrubber and Waystar I have like usually about a 95 to 98% first pass rate. Just what I do. But I do spend a lot of times like I'll spend today. I'll probably spend an hour, hour and a half so that there's, there's the thing. I know how much time it actually takes. If the software works right it's going to take me an hour to hour and a half all the claims and review all those claims for me and all four other providers in my clinic and it's not going to take that long and I'm going to drop them. And then of course I just have to wait on the insurance to do what they're going to do. Denials. I mean or if it's something that kicks back on the scrubber. My and it'll kick back on ystar and it'll say, you know, whatever's wrong with it. And it tells me how to fix it. It's got a little button. It actually says fix. My biller watches for those and then she literally has to take out. This is a state specific thing. I don't know if you guys can work around it and figure it out or not, but my secondary billing through Arkansas Medicaid it automatically kicks it rejects because Waystar cannot. I don't care. They told me they could. They couldn't. I have not never figured it out. I cannot drop my secondary Arkansas Medicaid claims. My primary I can but my secondary claims will not go through and my biller has to manually put in all of my secondary Medicaid claims for Arkansas. Missouri's not a problem either. It's just like it's crazy. And I and it may just be a Valent issue or a way Star issue too because I don't remember having to do that with Tabor or Athena when we did that. But we also paid Athena for the so here was the other problem we had with the whole billing thing, and this is my trust issue. It's not you. It's not you personally is that they did the easy billing part, but when it came to the denials, and I supposedly had my own denials person assigned to, to me, they always just did the low hanging fruit, the easy stuff that passes through, and they always never got the other part done. And I've had to. I've had Athena's billing service and I've had an independent billing service, and I got the same. And every provider that I've ever worked for and talked to, like the guy I worked with for while I was finishing my psych stuff, you know, we were talking about the billing and because I worked for on commission, we always had a lot of conversations. And he was like, Man, he said, I don't care what billing company I pay. He said, it's always or just going to do the low hanging fruit. And he's like, is it, you know, worth it? I'm like, man, I don't know. I said, you got so many providers. I said, a lot more providers than what I had because he had several clinics and he was all over. I'm like, man, it's one thing managing, which I'm learning as I go as my clinic grows, that, you know, I know how to handle it now. But if I had picked up what the mess he had going on. Oh, my God.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: Well, let me ask this then, Amanda. What's best for you? I mean, you know what the option.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: I think what you recommended is good as long as I feel comfortable that I'm, I want to see it work. And I think as long as I can get my claims dropped and, you know, I think that the scrubbing, or what you call auditing, I think is, is good and we can get those claims to them and then get reimbursed and if we can even catch some of that stuff, that is. I know it's. I know I'm losing money somewhere. Everybody does in some place. There's no way that you're not going to lose money somewhere. And in those denials and kickbacks and I always look at the reason code for why it comes back and sometimes it's just like straightforward, just bull crap. And that's what I sent to this. So I'm not a pain in the butt until somebody just keeps on jacking with me and am better and Blue Cross, Blue Shield have just been a problem. And so I was like, oh, God. And every provider I was talking to was in the northeast, Arkansas was having this problem. I was like, man, I said, we got to file a complaint with the insurance commissioner or nothing's going to change. And they had a new policy coming out that was going to start March 1, basically was they were going to automatically start down coding billing based on diagnostic information on the bill, the super bill. I'm like, there's no diagnostic information on the super bill. You can't do that. You have to pull charts. So I sent the letter to the. Well, actually, I'm a real big. When I'm a pain, I'm going to be a real big pain. So.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: And I don't, like I said, I rarely do it. But I sent a letter to the governor because I had dealt with Ambed about two years ago on an issue I, I emailed it to the governor, the insurance commissioner, and over half. Over half the House of Representatives. What was going on?
Nathan Peereboom: Amanda, I'm so sorry. I. I have, like, two minutes, so I just want to get some. This is, like, super helpful. I'm really glad we've, like, gone over so much here. I just want to make sure we have good next steps.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: So next, I want to do the A prescribe,
Nathan Peereboom: and then do you want to do this billing analysis as well?
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: I do, but I don't know how we do that.
Nathan Peereboom: All I need is your valence. Login, which I might already have. Do I have your login?
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: You've got a violent login. So somebody's got a violent login.
Nathan Peereboom: All right.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: I don't know if it was you or Nate. I think it was you that got a login for mine.
Nathan Peereboom: Was it Jackson?
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Jackson. Hang on.
Nathan Peereboom: It might have been Jackson. Do you mind just adding me to your valent and then.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Well, let me see if I got a seat because I already paid for a seat for him. Hang on just a second.
Nathan Peereboom: Oh no, no, don't give me an extra seat then.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: If that's the other thing make. This is the only ehr I've ever worked on that makes me pay for my staff. Seating everybody else only makes me pay for my. My providers. Let me see. Persons and institutions. Where's my staff? Office staff. Let me see who I've got on here. It's you.
Nathan Peereboom: It's me.
Nathan Peereboom: What's the login for? Is it needed Smart scribe or your.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Your ID is. It should be your email that makes everybody else use their email. I have and of course let me see if it's got a button to like reset so permissions history.
Nathan Peereboom: See Password reset. Okay, let me, let me get a new password here. Wait, I think I might have access. Let me, let me just check here. Generator copy. Boom boom. Resets. All right, let's see if this works. Tools billing, Insurance claims file status. Next.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Listen, sometimes it's hard to find stuff in here. It depends on what you.
Nathan Peereboom: But I do have access. No, this is great. Let me just see. Where do I look to Just see what you've submitted. I'm looking at insurance claims. I just can't see anything.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Most of their stuff is going to be in one or two places there and so you're not going to find nothing under billing. Really Billing is just all the stuff that we, we can do. If you go to reports, there is a. There's a report center and in their system reports and that's where I pull a lot of my stuff. It just depends on what I'm looking for. I don't know why they have it separate. I don't know. And they've done some updates so it all looks a little different to me. Last week I was having to go through stuff but you have to once you build the report. Like if I do like my payroll by commission, which really sucked this time because we had the snowstorm. But anyways you have to plug in like the percentage rate of who's getting paid. What like my 70% and my 60%. People and then you have to put in the date range. Those are the minimum you can put in. And then you can pick the report you want to run. So some of the report, it's usually pretty easy to figure out once you get in there. It just depends on what report you want.
Nathan Peereboom: But, gosh, this is really hard to navigate. I'm just.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: I will say this. We had the hardest time onboarding with Valen. It was like a nightmare. But if. If I had not had the previous knowledge that I had, I would have gave it up and I would have sort of said, just forget it. We'll stay with. With the Karyo. But once I figured it out, it's really set up almost like Excel. But then. So Violet was bought by somebody else here about a year or two years ago and they have been steadily doing updates and it is getting better on some of the stuff. Most of the updates have been pretty good.
Nathan Peereboom: But yeah, it's a filter group too.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: You can filter it down as far as you want to go or you can do it really broad on most of the reports.
Nathan Peereboom: Group three, let's see. All right, I'm just going to do group three. Transaction date requires a value. Sorry. I just want to make sure I can get something here so that I know that.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: I mean, I know you're feeling it. Sometimes when somebody will ask me for a report on something, I'm like, you know what? It's going to take me a day or two.
Nathan Peereboom: Wait, this is crazy. This is so hard to use. I'm just.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: But hey, I do though. I mean, so. So that's the reason I like feel pretty confident that there's a lot of things I can do because I do work with it.
Nathan Peereboom: So how. If I wanted to see just like all of your claims, how would I.
Nathan Peereboom: Let me do that?
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: That was. That's gonna probably be under just report system and on report center and then up there at the top, you just like you would let me say claims. Just see, there's two ways to say that. Okay. It's going to be under system reports. Let me go back. So I would say go under system reports. There's a couple of different things ways to do this. And there's like four boxes up there at the top and one is billing. I do not know why they do this. Separate claim submission is. There's one that says claim submission. There's an AR under this. I know somewhere there's patient aging pattern, patient co pays. We suck at co pays. That is one thing I love about the just the jot Soc right now. I can send them just a link when they come in and they can pay on their phone. I love, love, love, love that.
Nathan Peereboom: And I'm so sorry. Where. Where is this?
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: You're in system reports, and there's appointment, clinical and then billing, and there's a drop down under billing, and it's got all that stuff you're probably looking for.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Yeah, Yeah, I know. I don't know why it's not in a report center. I have no idea. But when I have to go look for stuff, this is where I have to look for it.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay. Start date, end date, provider. Okay, so let's just say the last two weeks or less. Yeah. All patient types, provider. Let's just.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: The last two weeks are going to be horrible because we had a snowstorm and we did not work for over a week. You better do a month or you're not going to catch much.
Nathan Peereboom: See, that's in appointment appointments.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Oh, my God. So you don't. You don't have to fill in all of them. You can. So what I've learned on this is put in the minimum. Put in the clinic side. You don't have to put in. You don't have to put in Harrisonville. Pickett is our main site and that's where most of our billing goes through. Harrisonville is my other clinic by Kansas City and it's one provider. All the other providers are billed through Piggott's Provado. So Spravato is set up as a separate clinic, but it's in my clinic because that's the only way that I could have a calendar for our Spravato patients was to set it up as a separate clinic. So when it asks for, here we go.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Yeah. So put in the minimum and if it wants more, it'll tell you it's gotta have extra. It's really not user friendly. It's really not. Usually if my providers want a specific, really detailed report, I have to have a day or two to sit down and find time to navigate it.
Nathan Peereboom: Interesting. So it's just summing up these. But you can't really tell how much is like what the appointments under each.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: It depends on which report you're under charge.
Nathan Peereboom: Claim submission. Okay, you know what? I can figure this out, but this is super helpful. Why don't we set up a time to do the. The readout so I'll spend some time looking through this and building a report for you.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Okay.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Just look at your calendar and anything. I'm off on Wednesdays. I do have a dentist appointment coming up.
Nathan Peereboom: How about Friday? Friday. Work Fridays.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: I am good every Friday except for the first Friday of March sometime there. I've got to go have a crown. Put a permanent Crown.
Nathan Peereboom: Friday the 20th. Okay. I'm gonna put half an hour on. I've got a hard stop at 12, but I think we can get through.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Yeah, I don't work on Friday, so one. Whatever's good for you.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay. Let's do 11:30 my time. I guess that's 10, 30 years.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Yep.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, perfect. So we'll do. And we'll just use this exact same meeting invite and we'll talk then.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Okay, Sounds good.
Nathan Peereboom: Amazing.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: If you can't find what you're looking for, let me know and I can probably figure it out. But like I said, the reports are kind of crazy. It's like the easy report.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Reports are under report center. The detail reports are under system reports. And so that's the best way I know how to. I have a way Star login. But those reports are not accurate. Every. They are just not accurate.
Nathan Peereboom: Oh wait, that's interesting. Why are the way star ones not accurate?
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: So this was something that put in the video because Waystar, like when you look at my claims where they've been submitted, I can look at this like just a flat, just all my claims. Okay. And it'll give me a status and it'll say at payer or rejected or paid or denied or whatever. A lot of times even when it's paid, it'll have an ERH attached to it and everything. It will not have it. It will still say at payer. It will like never flip over to paid. And then sometimes it'll give. And so when it does that and if it's denied, then it never ends up in their denial bucket so that you can even work on it. Their denial thing is like trash. So anyways, it's, it's just, it's just not accurate. You cannot run an accurate report if you cannot even mark the billing correctly. And it really is. All of my bookkeeping, all of my recordkeeping is in violent because that those eras get pushed over into Valent. And Valent is where I apply those eras to the accounts. They, they keep up with all the accounts and stuff. And I really don't care where the accounts are as long as we have accounts and claims. But that's just how theirs works because it's two different companies that do it. And again, the reason I was looking too into 2026 was my. I had like a three year contract with Waystar that's going to be coming up due about the same time as my violent. And that's the reason I was kind of like, you know, where are you guys at and how feasible is it going to be just to switch over this year? Or do I need to negotiate a one year contract with them?
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, when do you need to make that decision?
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: June. I think it's June. I think I have to sign everything by June, but I don't think that you've got plenty of time. Okay. Yeah, I don't think until it's until July. So we've got a little time, but I just wanted to think ahead. So like, you know, what can we do?
Nathan Peereboom: The other thing I'm realizing is important to you is we need to make sure that your forms are working.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Yes.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay. So that's the other thing.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Forms and forms in that calendar. I know you said you are working on that. A calendar. Everybody needs access to everybody's calendar.
Nathan Peereboom: Great. Okay. Let's just start here for right now, Amanda, just to keep things simple. So, jotrx on Monday, JOT bill analysis on Friday. And what my goal is, is I want to get you to a place where you're using jot audit, so that that hour a day where you're reviewing charts shrinks down to like, 10 minutes.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Okay? Okay. Okay.
Nathan Peereboom: Now, just so one thing that I would ask of you is if you can go in to jot. Audit and see like. Like see how your current encounters for your team are being reviewed and evaluated. Go look at the rules that we're using.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: I don't think. I think what it says is to call you for an appointment.
Nathan Peereboom: When I'm on there, you go up to jot audit at the top. What do you see?
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Hang on, I'm not log in real quick. Of course it's going to be.
Nathan Peereboom: Because it should be jot audit should be live for everyone at this point.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Okay, let me look. I hate using this touchpad. Oh, it's loading. It's just taking a minute. Billing and audit. And you said jaw audit. Let me plug it in. Okay, it's pulling up something. It's got encounters, clinicians, rules.
Nathan Peereboom: Awesome. So if you send us, Amanda, your doc, your pair docs, we can, like, make these rules more custom. But I just want you to play with this. I want you to experience it. I want you to notice when you go into your notes, on the right hand side, click this audit and just notice what's working and what's not. Okay.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Okay, I'll look at this. This is good because I have clicked on it a couple of times and it just said call. And I guess I just hadn't clicked on it since y' all turned it. Turned it on. This is cool. I do. I. I do want to look at this. And then I. I just need to know what documents that y' all need because what I sent you before, somebody emailed me back and said no, that wasn't what you wanted. You wanted.
Nathan Peereboom: We basically just want the contracts that you have with payers and I can. You know what, let me talk with Jackson about this because I think we need a more formal thing around, like, asking people for what we need. So let me. Let me. Let me put this on my list.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Yeah, just email me what I need to ask for from the insurance companies because it's been so long since I did my contracts. I mean, they might be in my emails, but I just need to know specifically what you need. So if I have to call them, I know what to ask for.
Nathan Peereboom: I understand. Okay, perfect. I'll do that. Amanda, thank you so much. It's so great to see you as always, and really looking forward to next week. Okay.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: All right, thank you so much. Bye.
Nathan Peereboom: Bye.