stacie sanborn: The filters here I'm like, oh, hello.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, the Google Meet filters.
stacie sanborn: Yeah, I feel like this is like in the past. Anyways. Good morning, Adam. How are you?
Adam Harrison: Good, good. Yeah. How can I help today? What's. What's going on?
stacie sanborn: Okay, so I did purchase a product and I do like the product. Where I'm stuck at, where I'm finding I'm doing a lot of back and forth business is I want to create better templates, if you would. I mean I'm probably. I don't know if I'm using this to its fullest potential, but we use another print EMR and we use headway for filling and simple practice for our emr. But I like the scribe and I actually work at two agencies. I just like to keep all my patients central here.
Adam Harrison: Okay.
stacie sanborn: So where I'm using most is intake, which I'd want to add to. So what I end up doing is I'll do an intake or maybe I'll do a psych note but then I'll modify it to add on the psychotherapy. So I'd like. We're really big on psychotherapy at one of my places and my other place I'm working with Spravato so I really want to build my templates.
Adam Harrison: Awesome. Awesome. Well, that's all sounds great. Can definitely help you with all those things. What have you tried so far as far as templates go? Just so I don't repeat anything you've already done before.
stacie sanborn: Sure. As I'm looking in, I know that one time I saw when I was first playing around with it. Gosh. I could. I'm using the psychiatric progress note, the pediatric behavioral health intake follow up and then I use the EM add on psychotherapy. Yeah. So in intake also I think they kind of work and have you.
Adam Harrison: I believe we have like a. Do you say you do TMS or Spavato? Okay. We do have one for that as well. Which I don't know if I can show you that when we go here too. I don't know if you prefer a different template for that or.
stacie sanborn: I seen it. I think I was looking at something and like I was like toggling but then I didn't save it and I'm like. It was. I mean because there's like a whole like. I guess I probably did listen to tutorial one time documentation note templates. Like oh, that looks good.
stacie sanborn: And I could say I'd want to do one for my labs, but I don't think I wrenched it in or added it in.
Adam Harrison: Okay. Perfect. And then when you. When you say you want to kind of, like, get more out of your templates, what. I guess, because you've tried a few of our, like, you know, sounds like you've tried a few different ones that we have kind of out of the box. Is there anything in particular that you're hoping for, you know, your template to do differently or things that you feel like are missing today or. Or just you're just sort of curious to learn, like. What else might be available?
stacie sanborn: I think a little of both, actually.
stacie sanborn: So I'm being very challenged with efficiency. Honestly, I don't know how people did it before they had scribes. I would never sleep.
stacie sanborn: I don't know either.
stacie sanborn: And even as it is, I'm doing a lot of critiquing of my notes, and I'm finding, like, I'm forgetting a lot of my safety assessments. I wanted to look a safety assessment, like a suicide risk, actually. You guys, it actually comes up from you. And then I realized, oh, God, I forgot to ask that. But that's more on me. Like, oops, today, ask about firearms. Yeah. So I think, like, if we were to start, like, with the psych intake, actually, I was going to go over here and look at my. I work with people who have done programming before, and they've made up their own charts, and they're not medical. So I want to just make sure I'm getting that into when I assess. It's easier to drop down. Even my boss is like, just send me the transcript and I'll have somebody else enter the stuff. And I'm like, whoa, whoa, wait a minute, buddy. Sure, I want to do that. So if I look at a. Actually finesse. Provide a patient. So I want to build my intake to add a few more things. I want to have a. Maybe something more specific for ketamine spravato. Do med management for them. Yeah. I don't know.
stacie sanborn: Maybe it's just easy if you show me how to, like.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, that sounds great. I'll kind of go through everything and I'll make sure to hit on those few questions you have as. As we go through, if that sounds good.
stacie sanborn: Okay. And can I ask you, Adam, where are you at? Are you in the east Coast?
Adam Harrison: I am, yeah. Is that the same for you?
stacie sanborn: No. If I were here on the west coast and I woke up earlier than I usually do.
Adam Harrison: Oh, very early start for you today.
stacie sanborn: Yeah. I got up, like, I got up at, like, 5, and my husband's alarm went off, and then he went back to sleep, and I'm like, I just might as well get up. So I'm hanging. I see a coffee over there or whatever. Your bed, I'm drinking. Okay. All right, I'm ready.
Adam Harrison: All right, let me jump into it. Okay. I'm going to share my screen. Can you see my screen?
stacie sanborn: Let me just make it bigger. So, yeah, so I'm going to look at your screen on this side, and I'm going to have my own. Oops. I thought I was going to have my own. Hold on. I just realized I'm running. Okay, I can see that. Let me log into my job from a job site from a different browser so I can do it in real time.
Adam Harrison: Okay.
stacie sanborn: More of a hands on. Okay, I can see your screen.
Adam Harrison: Awesome. Awesome. Okay, so I'll kind of go through everything here. So first to find all your templates, you come into documentation. Can zoom in a little bit. I feel like it's probably hard to see. So documentation note templates, that's where all your templates are going to live on the left hand side here. So there's sort of a mix you'll notice based on the icon here. So if there's a this little kind of pink icon, that means this is a jot psych template.
stacie sanborn: Okay.
Adam Harrison: And then these other ones, these are like my templates that I can customize myself. So, so that's just one thing to kind of be aware of as you look in here. This is a test account. So I have, you know, a lot of kind of like, you know, kind of just dummy templates in here that I've been just playing around with. But the first, you know, few different ways you can, you can customize your, your template. First of all, if you, if you like one of the existing templates you have. So let's say you know, this evaluation management with add on psychotherapy. Let's say you just wanted to add, you know, another section in here. You could do that by just clicking the plus icon. And then you can pick from our library, we have a library of like, you know, there's 107 different sections in here. So you could either browse through here and you could pick something. Let's say you wanted, I don't know, maybe you want a diet and exercise in here. And you know, if you want to preview what that looks like, you could sort of see a sample.
Adam Harrison: Okay, so you could just add that here and that's going to add diet and exercise. Here is a section. And now let's say I actually want it, you know, probably towards the bottom here, like below the hpi, I could put that, you know, I could reor drag and kind of reorder things here. So same goes for, if I want to remove something, I just click the X here and that will kind of, you know, maybe sometimes you might find there's too many sections. Right. And some of them are not relevant for you. You can also remove things if you find that, hey, I just don't need this information. It's, it's sort of extraneous. So that is sort of like the basic way that we would recommend editing a template. Let me pause there for initial questions before I get that.
stacie sanborn: That that's good. I know I kind of crack up this do so like well on sleep, like sleep has its own section.
Adam Harrison: Okay.
stacie sanborn: I don't know if I want to keep that or not. Later.
Adam Harrison: Yeah.
Adam Harrison: Let's see if there's sleep in here. Yep, we do have sleep.
stacie sanborn: Yeah.
Adam Harrison: So we can add that, and then you're good to go.
stacie sanborn: Okay, so that was good.
Adam Harrison: So I will also show you here. If you browse our library at the bottom here, you should see all the different kinds of templates that we sort of have available. So this is where I would recommend if you do spotto, you could just search in this template library here and then I already have this in my list. I don't know if you have yours. I don't know if it's default loaded in or not. I think we might not have it loaded in by default right now.
stacie sanborn: So I just did the ad and it's showing up now on my templates.
Adam Harrison: Perfect, perfect. So, you know, I would also recommend, you know, if there. You may. It may be worth just taking two minutes at some point to browse through here, see if there's anything that you know is particularly relevant for you. Another, another example I'll show you here is. I think you mentioned you might have like your own template you want to use. So we do have. Sorry.
stacie sanborn: Yeah, you're fine. Possibly, but I'll see what's in here. I don't.
Adam Harrison: Yeah. So if you do decide to kind of bring your own external template, you can just upload in this Create template builder, you can upload a PDF or you know, Word Doc or whatever format your template is in and it will actually generate a job site template for you. So if you have something in. I think you said simple. Was it simple practice you used or. Yeah, so if you have something from there, you could just export it and upload it here and then that way your kind of format would match one for one. So you could just copy paste things over. So that's another option that we do have.
Adam Harrison: Those are kind of the main things with templates. I do want to show you one thing just around kind of editing and fine tuning your templates.
Adam Harrison: But any questions on sort of like this initial build stuff here?
stacie sanborn: This is good. Thank you. I knew this would be beneficial.
Adam Harrison: Awesome, awesome. Great to hear. So I'll come over here to, you know, some of the example notes here that I have. And not sure if you have used this, this Aino Assistant on the right hand side. Is that something you've played around with yet?
stacie sanborn: I actually am adding more with it sometimes. Yeah, I'm starting a little bit with that.
Adam Harrison: Okay, perfect. So the main way this works is this is what is called our AI editor. So if for example, your note was not formatted in a way that you wanted. So for example, this. This is a very lengthy hpi. Perhaps you wanted something more concise. Let's see what else is here. Maybe the social history should be broken out into different paragraphs.
Adam Harrison: Okay, so let's say like please, you know, separate social history into paragraphs. You know, let's say maybe like three to five paragraphs. So I can just ask it to do that. And there we go. It's going to regenerate here. So now this is, you can see it's sort of separated here. So it's three paragraphs. And then I, you know, this is sort of an important concept here which is, you know, right now this is just a one time change for this one note that you're looking at here. But should I want to make this a permanent change that I always. Every social history for every patient I see going forward in this template, I could click train this model. And so once I do that, it's going to learn your preferences. And so every time you do a social history it will show up, you know, in that format you describe. And so that, you know, this is sort of, you know, this is kind of more note editing but it is related to your template and how each section will show up, if that makes sense.
stacie sanborn: Okay, I'm, I'm giggling here because I know that somebody had to create a patient for these training things. Or maybe not.
Adam Harrison: We had a little fun with some of the mock insights. We did.
stacie sanborn: Yeah, some steroids, like.
Adam Harrison: I'm glad you picked up on it. I'm glad you picked up on it.
stacie sanborn: I've been an educator for a really long time, so I've had to do a lot of acting or make these mock code blues and you know, yeah, we
Adam Harrison: try to have fun with it.
stacie sanborn: So Claritin and Allegra. Okay, okay, okay.
Adam Harrison: 30 year olds up there. Yes. Maybe a little bit of a unique patient here. One of the kind. So, so those are, those are kind of the main things I have right now as far as templates go. But you know, while I have you, is there anything else on your mind that you know, you were sort of looking to get help with while you're here?
stacie sanborn: Well, the good news is, is that I already did a added uploaded from. I'm doing some peds also like a pediatric and child intake just to create my own. I can play with that. I see here the problem, the past was I browse the library but I didn't save the template to my. Let me see if I go to patient do him. And regenerating a note. A lot like I put it in, I regenerate. So I guess I'll have to go back and say, what does my ideal note look like?
stacie sanborn: Like I said, we do a lot of therapy within bed management. Hopefully we'll build in some integrative features. Now as I'm looking here, my dropdown, I'm seeing this bravado. So that was a big thing that I wanted. I have actually seen in one of my things that says there's time for an update. I have I just to let you know, to get back to the team, I was at work using my laptop and it's, it's, it's my third job. It was having a lot of trouble seeing the microphone and I even called it and they're like, we're baffled here. They didn't know. But then I don't know what happened, but eventually kicked on. I think I get a little stuck between headphones. I use it mostly at my PC here at my house or at one of the clinics. But it was just a. Definitely a tech issue. But then it seemed to have self resolved. Can you send patients anything from here? Okay, there's jot audit and jot coach. What are those?
Adam Harrison: Yeah, so first your question around sending things to patients. So you can, so we have these little icons at the bottom here and these will sort of be like different actions that you can take. So we, you can send forms to patients like you know, if you want to do Gad7 or PhQ9 that maybe you do those through simple practice. So you may not need it.
Adam Harrison: But if you wanted to do those here, you could, you can also create a lab order form that you could like, like either print out or send to your patient. It doesn't go directly to the lab, but we do generate the whole document for you. You can also generate any clinical document based on this note. So for example, if you needed to do a referral letter or a, you know, like a workplace accommodation or anything else, you could just, you know, enter in what you need and it will generate that based specifically on the note. And you can also send kind of a patient follow up. So here is like an example of what that looks like, you know, but really it's totally customizable. Sorry, I'll show you again. So you could come into here. You can either generate, you know, I guess question would be what, what kind of patient document are you looking to write usually?
stacie sanborn: Well, I am using something else. I'm look, I just added prior auth or vyvanse I've needed a private auth for some other medications. I've already do pull the letter the follow up email. From the note. And I just sent it to the patient through headway. Okay. But I think it's going to be prior auths, no referrals. I wanted to kind of go back to the lab thing because I have not set up my quest yet. So if I were to have like, some standard labs, like you're just regular basic labs. Can you show me what it looks like? What are you printing off? Am I doing double work or.
Adam Harrison: Yes, I'll show you here. So you could click this lab icon here. It will analyze the note and make recommendations on what the actual, like, lab test should be. And so, yeah, it'll kind of like do a first draft. Obviously, you would need to kind of review this and obviously, you know, make any changes. This one, I don't know how well this will work because this is such a, like, unique patient, you know, that may or may not make a lot of sense. You would need to enter some of your provider information there. You could choose whether or not you want to digitally sign the document or not. And then I'm just going to put in. Put in some kind of placeholders here. Okay, let's do that. So it'll generate this form. I didn't sign it. So it's not going to include that here. And then you could either print it, send it to the patient, or, you know, download a copy for yourself.
stacie sanborn: So if they walked into Quest, they could take this paper and get it ordered off of this.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, that's kind of the idea. They. But they would need to bring it. Them. We. We don't yet, like, send directly to Quest, so they would. They would have to do that themselves.
stacie sanborn: Yeah, but Quest could honor it because my provider signature is on there and.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, yeah.
Adam Harrison: So you just need to make sure all of kind of info is on here, including your signature, and then you would be all set to go.
stacie sanborn: So when you guys build this from the back, it's really important that I would add things like insomnia and. Or whatever. Maybe I'm, you know, say I have somebody. I mean, these are obviously very standard, but I know that there's specifics I like, like zinc or. And I have to go back to look at the. I guess they need certain diagnoses to order these that they're actually going to pay for. So the key thing is to add the diagnoses into my notes so that you guys will have this lab requisition. Could I add to it if I wanted to add. Yep.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, you could. So you can make any. You could add any codes in here. You could add any different kinds of. You can also set up different kind of, like, test bundles of. You know, we have some here of, like, this is sort of an intake baseline, or this is a. You know, we have different sort of prepackaged things here, but. Yeah, exactly. The idea is that it would be based on the note. And so if certain, you know, diagnoses codes show up in your note, those will then flow through into the lab. You know, recommendations here.
stacie sanborn: Okay. I find that to be really helpful too. I'm. I'm new. I've been a nurse practitioner for a long time at Neuta Psych. And what has been very interesting is the codes. I guess. Helpful. I guess. I mean, I have been using something else just to even like challenge them as well because my mentor is always very busy and it's been a lot of. I do appreciate that getting ADD to like you may have forgotten this or. And I guess another thing is how do I remove this? My perceptor told me last night was how do you remove medical. Like say, for example, the skateboarder comes in and he's got a fractured hip and he's got high cholesterol and more medical things that I don't want to focus on in my to do list. Is there a way to. Or my plan to kind of eliminate that where the focus. Focus is just on psych.
Adam Harrison: So it was, I guess, first question, when for that specific patient, did you do a job? Psych note and did it include some of the medical items as well as psych?
stacie sanborn: Yes.
Adam Harrison: Okay, so what you would do. So that's a great question. So that comes back to this AI editor tool on the right hand side.
stacie sanborn: Okay.
Adam Harrison: So you could say, is it just the plan or is it the other sections too?
stacie sanborn: It's all like. I mean, I do, I do a review of systems. I do medical history as well.
Adam Harrison: Right.
stacie sanborn: I mean a lot of my patients are in chronic pain and they've had a lot of ortho stuff. And so I kind of want to defer that. Two cards, actually, I want to defer like that. Labs, actually, I really love about the labs is I really don't want to put them to quest. I want to go to their primary care provider so they can own their high cholesterol problems. Same kind of thing. Right. And so when I come into this note here, I want to be able to extract the site from the medical status.
Adam Harrison: Okay, so so you want to keep the medical stuff in like their history sections, but then in the plan you want that to just focus on psych. Am I understanding correct?
stacie sanborn: 100%.
Adam Harrison: Okay, so what you could do is you could say, you know, literally exactly what you just told me, you know, in the plan section, please, you know, limit the scope to, I guess you'd say psychiatric. Psychiatric elements and not broader, you know, medical, not broader medical items. And so, you know, I think I'm not sure if there's anything in here that would be.
stacie sanborn: Maybe not for. Not me, for a skater guy, but. Yeah, yeah, so.
Adam Harrison: But that is literally what you would do. And then you could say, yes, train it. So now we are always in every plan section.
Adam Harrison: We're just going to do the psychiatric pieces. We're not going to do like, you know, broken bones and stuff like that.
stacie sanborn: Okay. I'm going to just take a little note that we went over templates because the other people in my office use this as well, but I don't think they have time. So templates, we covered AI AD sections, labs, MD notes or provider notes. Okay.
stacie sanborn: And then removing medical. And then. Okay, thank you. That's helpful.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, no worries. And are you, Stacy, are you in like a group practice where there's a few of you using this? Because we could also do like a group training or something like that, depending on what kind of the setup is.
stacie sanborn: It's. It's a funny situation. It was two providers that I came on as the third and then one person left.
stacie sanborn: So she and I were just. She's super slammed and so she's finding this to be the helpful. I mean, simple practice does give you a scribe. We use Tempest. They also provide a scribe. I think they charge you like a buck. Yeah. And so I found this one to be very helpful for new providers. Just we use the same codes over and over. But I find this to be. I love the sections, how it breaks it down in the sections. And also I think stores gets like a running history because I can. I can hear me out. You know, you didn't hear this, but I have used chat GPT in the past without identifiers and this is definitely much more professional.
Adam Harrison: Yep, Yep. Yeah, you want to, yeah, totally. Make sure you're compliant and, you know, keeping things stored in a structured way and, you know, you. You know, all that stuff. So. Awesome. Well, the other thing you could do is it is possible for the two of you to form like a, you know, an organization within JOT Psych. So that way, you know, you could kind of share templates across each other. You would also maybe have like one person who is the billing. You know, one person would pay for like the whole of the account. And yeah, it just tends to make kind of like. I'm not sure the extent to which you collaborate or not versus operate. Operate more independently, but that is certainly like an option as. As well.
stacie sanborn: Is there a financial benefit then to doing like an organizational membership versus individual?
Adam Harrison: Yeah, usually it's not at the 2 provider, not at 2. But if it's more like if you were to grow to. I think we start doing discounting at, like, seven providers, so there wouldn't be, like, an immediate financial incentive. But there is, you know, more if you wanted to have, like, hey, we have one template that I've customized for, you know, intakes, and, like, we both use it. That would be. That would be the main benefit.
stacie sanborn: Got it. I'll. I'll let her know in case it ever gets to be that big.
Adam Harrison: Okay, awesome. Well, thank you, Stacy. Any. Any last things I can help with here?
stacie sanborn: I think that's it, Adam. I mean, I'll. I'll reach out if I find something. I. I know I could just browse more of the tutorials, but this has been really helpful. I have to tell you, Gen. Gen Xers, we need. We don't want bots, we want humans. And it's saves so much time. So thank you. Appreciate it.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, no, totally agree. I also prefer, you know, humans to bots. Yeah, no, feel free to, you know, sk schedule more time if you need, or email. We're super responsive as well, so anything, you know, we want to make sure you have what you need, so thank you, Stacey.
stacie sanborn: Okay. Have a good day. Thank you.
Adam Harrison: All right, take care. Bye.