Franny Ali: Hi. How's it going?
Franny Ali: How are you? I'm good. I'm sorry. I'm finishing. Up.
Emily Kaiser: You go by Franny.
Franny Ali: Yeah, it's like a nickname. I guess that's. That's what showed up on my.
Emily Kaiser: Yeah. Oh, okay. Well, Francesca totally works, too. I'm Emily.
Franny Ali: Hi, Emily. Nice to meet you.
Emily Kaiser: Nice to meet you, too.
Franny Ali: That's it. Okay. All right. Thank you. Okay. I'm so sorry. I thought our appointment was at 11, but I just realized it was. Yeah, I'm just gonna get in my car, and that would be privacy. Okay. Double booked myself. Okay. I've been there, right? Yeah.
Emily Kaiser: So I understand that you are interested in jot start. Have you ever tried jot psych or are you familiar with it? I'm just kind of trying to grasp. Grasp your background here so I can best tailor the demo.
Franny Ali: Yeah. So I have jot psych for the AI note taking component. And so there was an email that went out that they're launching this credentialing service. So I just wanted more information because I'm in private practice. And, you know, I'm using a lot of the platforms for credentialing. I actually. Yeah. So I'm just exploring what. What that looks like with jot psych.
Emily Kaiser: Definitely. Okay, that makes sense. So you are in private practice. Okay, so do you have a website at all?
Franny Ali: Yeah, I do.
Emily Kaiser: You have a website. Okay. And are you credentialed? I know you said that you use some third parties.
Franny Ali: I actually. So I'm in multiple states. I do. I've got a billing company from a friend who has credentialed me with some insurance plans. But I know it looks different with each state. So. I was kind of inquiring for the other states that I am not credentialed in. Okay.
Emily Kaiser: Awesome. That makes sense. What states are you credentialed?
Franny Ali: In? Yeah.
Franny Ali: What states are you currently?
Emily Kaiser: I can hear you. It's. The audio change. I can't hear you.
Franny Ali: I can hear you now. Perfect.
Emily Kaiser: Okay. What states are you credentialed in?
Franny Ali: And credentialed in New York state?
Emily Kaiser: Okay, cool. So I'm going to share my screen really quick. I'm not sure if you've been. Start website yet.
Franny Ali: For the new program. No, I don't.
Emily Kaiser: Or I don't.
Franny Ali: Yeah.
Emily Kaiser: Okay, so this is jot start. So essentially what jot start is, is it's a package of the jot site and jot cred. You can do these things separately, but the jot start is specifically bundling the two. So jot site is the website build and jot cred is getting you credentialed individually and with payers. So I can kind of scroll down and this is a little bit of a timeline. Excuse me. Of how this works. So typically we do a kickoff call where we, if you wanted to do both, this is kind of the timeline just to kind of give you that background. But typically we do a kickoff call and we collect all of your documents that we need to build your website. As well as basically do a 15 to 30 minute interview to build you said custom website. It'll have scheduling, insurance displays, your story. And then we also for the jot cred portion, we work on payer applications being filed. Cadence of every 14 days is how we're checking in on it. So from weeks 1 to 12 kind of ongoing depending on how many payers, which payers. What documents are needed? Essentially, we do all of the back end things and then ongoing maintenance for both. So let me show you. Just to kind of go right into the pricing just to really kind of get a feel for what you're thinking. This is the pricing for job site and jot cred individually. And as you'll see, it's a one time build for $99 and 49 to host it. And then jot credit is 350 per provider. Is it just you and your practice?
Franny Ali: Yes.
Emily Kaiser: Okay. So it'd be 350 to get you credentialed. So we would do all of your CAQ age profile payer applications, all things like that. It's $300 per payer to get up and running. So a lot of people like to start with like one or two of their main payers. And they build over time. But just remember, like when you're getting credentialed with these payers, this is all independent. So a lot of times when you use a third party, if you were to leave that third party like headway or grow, you're no longer credentialed with the payers that they connected you with, we're here. You're completely independent. Same with the website. It is your personal, professional website. So it is yours. That's a big difference of what we're seeing on in the industry right now for a lot of these third party systems. Is a lot of people are feeling like there is a lack of independence. I guess they feel stuck with a lot of these third parties or chain two, you know. Process behind it. But I can kind of come up for air here. I know I gave you a lot of information. So what do you think? Do you think that this is applicable to your business? What are your thoughts?
Franny Ali: Yeah. So what I'm really interested in is the credentialing portion. So from what I understand, you guys are credentialing our, you know, my, it would be my PLLC or LLC. How does it work with multi state credentialing? Yeah.
Emily Kaiser: We can, we can do multi-state credentialing. No problem.
Franny Ali: PLLC. Like if I have like a PLLC.
Emily Kaiser: Okay. Yes. Yeah. Okay. So. Basically what we do is you send us five items. You send us your state license, DEA certificate malpractice insurance certificate, NPI board certification.
Franny Ali: And that's it of what we select from you.
Emily Kaiser: And then we do your, oh, this is credentialing. Sorry, I'm thinking about both once, but to just focus on credentialing, basically. What we do is we verify everything and that is day one to seven. Just verifying everything. We catch problems before they can cause rejections, basically. So we're acting as a middleman between you and those payers. Then after that from days seven to 14, we set up caqh. Which I'm sure you're familiar with that. And then we submit applications after that. So after 14 days, we do one application per payer. All filed in parallel. So each payer has different requirements and we understand all the different requirements. So we would be following the process for each payer. So again, kind of doing the heavy lifting on the back end. And then we follow up every 14 days just to call it, call the payer and check the status, respond to requests for more information, come back to you and let you know if they need more information kind of thing. Every touch point is logged with date name and reference number. So you can kind of keep track of everything if you wanted to go back and see. And then essentially just ongoing maintenance. So reattestation every 120 days license renewal tracking re-credentialing when. Approves expire approvals expire. So that's kind of the behind the scenes of JotCred.
Franny Ali: Okay. And then as far as the ongoing re-credentialing and maintenance, $150 a month, like, what if your credentialed with 20 payers? Is that for all 20 or is that for, you know.
Emily Kaiser: 154 all payers. So essentially it's just, again, that CAQH reattestation, the license renewal tracking. If something were to come up with each payer, we kind of maintain that again, be the middleman, but the re credentialing when approvals expire, that's every two to three years. So yeah, it's just kind of all maintenance depending on where you are. Okay. Like what step you're at essentially.
Franny Ali: If you have a CHQ profile for your. Business already, then you guys would just go into that. And. Go ahead and credential with the additional payers essentially. Right. Yes. Okay.
Emily Kaiser: Okay. Credentialed independently already.
Franny Ali: You would just want some.
Emily Kaiser: Yeah. 300 per payer type of thing.
Franny Ali: Okay. And this, so this is with initial credentialing. This is not like billings. You guys don't have billing services like we have billing service.
Emily Kaiser: We do drop bill. So essentially you're familiar with Jot psych. I'm sure you've seen some of these changes on the website. And I always like to give people a little bit of a why of why you're seeing all of that. Essentially hearing from clinicians and just people in general, all customers that there are so many systems needed to operate in a day to day basis, whether it's billing, whether it's credentialing, whether it's your own website, whether it's a third party, whether it's your EHR prescribing all things like is working on being an all in one stop for clinicians. So there's not so much of a need to bounce to all of these different systems and manage all of these different systems and out of all of them. Essentially, we want to make it so your workflow is more seamless. So that is kind of the why behind the changes you're seeing. But we do. We have billing services as well and I'm happy to go into that if you wanted to learn a little bit more.
Franny Ali: Yeah. So, okay, before we jump into that.
Franny Ali: So if I were to go ahead and hire on clinicians to my practice, then for every. Insurance, Aetna, Optum, then it would be like $300 for, for every. Insurance with the new provider. Right.
Franny Ali: So it, that's the amount and costs.
Emily Kaiser: How I like to kind of put it. And you may, if you go on Dropstart, I think this is somewhere on the website too. But each credential, these credentialed payer typically represents, you know, three to nine K a month in new billable revenue to keep you 100. And you get to keep 100%. So jot start starts or jot start pays for itself with the first payer approval. If you think about it that way, kind of breaking it down.
Franny Ali: Okay. Okay. And as far as, so let's say you, oh, do you guys credential with state plans as well, like Medicaid and Medicare with you? Okay. So it's not just with employee based.
Emily Kaiser: Or no. Yeah, I can show you a list of our main payers and then we credential with 3000 more. So there's so many different people.
Franny Ali: And you have a list of that. Is that on the website.
Emily Kaiser: I just have something here talking about the main ones. But if you are looking for like a specific state, I could provide a little bit more like New York is the state that you're working at. So I could provide if you want to tell me basically
Franny Ali: your like exactly TRICARE or like Northwell. North north direct.
Emily Kaiser: I believe we do both.
Franny Ali: So is there like a list like if I was curious, how would I be able to obtain that info?
Emily Kaiser: Yeah, I'm not sure if there is an external list. I'm sure we have a list internally. But if I can maybe just go through and look at the New York ones and see kind of which ones. Are applicable for you. But if you could. Yeah. Tell me exactly or if you want to even even even send me a text message or an email after. Say these are like my payer mix current. This is my paramex currently.
Emily Kaiser: We could confirm and make sure that we're with them as well and let you know.
Franny Ali: Another question I have is if I have been initially credentialed with another credentialing service because I am kind of in a beginning stages and I'm finding or credentialing a reliable good credentialing service.
Franny Ali: So let's say I was a ready credential with Aetna New York. I haven't tried to build yet, but if there's a billing problem, would I. So I guess going into billing, how does your billing work?
Emily Kaiser: Yeah. So I can share. Sometimes it's easy to kind of go through this presentation. So let me share my screen. Can you see this? Okay, so this kind of breaks it down. So jot bill, essentially what it is is it is your very familiar with how we use AI for the note taking. It's a hybrid AI and then we have a human billing team and the two of those combined basically. And our AI system is auditing and analyzing everything. For it should be market specific. Auditing for each note. So every time you record with the patient and it creates a note, essentially it's auditing and analyzing each note for payer specific rules, coding accuracy claim readiness. So if you were to do jot bill in jot psych it would say, you know this patient is has signal insurance. So they would be essentially auditing the note to make it so it is payer specific to Cigna. Entering all of the information that is needed. And then slowly and kind of quietly behind the scenes filling in or nudging you for more information that's needed based off of the type of appointment the CPT codes, the insurance, you know the payer all things. So that's kind of.
Franny Ali: But is jot psych actually have billers on the back end that can go into your EHR and bill services.
Emily Kaiser: Yeah. Yes. So depending on. So this is kind of how it works and then I'll go into like the package that you can choose which you can choose anywhere from 4% 6% or 8%. And that's basically the portion that we take from successful collections, which I know. If you use a third party like headway or grow they're taking like 30%. So this is kind of how it works and then we'll jump into that to kind of explain like what how involved do you want us to be? But before the encounter is when eligibility happens. So essentially we are checking jot bill is to quietly confirming your patient's insurance is active. And we have everything we need before you step into that appointment.
Franny Ali: How do you guys do that? No, that's important. So you guys are checking eligibility. Are you what are you guys using availability? Like how do how would you guys know am I booking patients through the jock psych system or is it through my EHR?
Emily Kaiser: So that's what yeah well it kind of depends how you are currently set up with jots like because a lot of people some people are using jot stake as an EHR. So we have the option of an EHR extension or like fully being you can operate out of Jot psych as an EHR. But if you were to want to do JOPA, we could do a data transfer with your EHR if you weren't ready to kind of make that next step because I know this is a lot at once. We're doing things all a carte these days basically. So you can kind of create your own custom package. So depending on how you win, let's say you just wanted to do Jotville and you're planning the EHR features you wanted to continue copy and pasting information in. We would do a data transfer with your EHR and we could put in all of that information that's currently in your EHR. So patients insurance information all things like that and kind of fill JotSyke in so it has that information.
Franny Ali: And do you guys what if you don't want to do that? And what if you want to continue to use your EHR is there a biller that goes into your EHR and do the eligibility checks.
Emily Kaiser: Yes, we do eligibility checks typically I believe it's 90 cents per eligibility check. Looking for a specific document to give me a little bit more information on eligibility specifically. Let me see if I have it. Sorry if you hear the background noise.
Franny Ali: No worries.
Emily Kaiser: See I scroll down. I think there's something. So this is kind of going into hyper or eligibility check specifically. So talking about how we use the API basically to check all of these things and then it goes over to our AI job build team and then our human job building. So it's kind of like a third step, a three step thing. So I don't know if that kind of answers your question as far as like how it works in the background.
Franny Ali: Okay. All right. So where can I get more information on the job bill? Because billing is a little bit more complex. And so. You know, usually what it looks like with billing you do have like a go to person that you are who is like doing the checks, but also if there's any issues that end up on a billing. I think. But I think that's why people use the platforms because they kind of take care of all the billing. So I'm just trying to understand what Jot psych is there like a live person that you're connected with or is it like a bot?
Franny Ali: You know have a dedicated person
Emily Kaiser: or we have a system basically job bill that handles a lot of the initial things. So that's the AI portion of it and then it moves over to our human billing team. We're real people on the back end are handling all of the billing. So just to kind of go through this because I think again it could kind of provide some clarity. So pre encounter where eligibility happens and then during an encounter jot seg writes the clean payerware note. So tailoring it. That's again the AI portion after the encounter. Once you sign jot bill and once you sign that goes over to our human billing team. So Jotville checks the coding accuracy. So I don't know if you've seen jot audit.
Franny Ali: Yeah, I've seen it.
Emily Kaiser: Yeah. So that's kind of a part of job bill. So basically that's it checking the coding accuracy. It's making sure that everything in your the template that you chose with the insurance and the CPT codes suggested and what it's comparing that with the information that you put in if you said if you had a CPT code. And essentially just checking all of these things checking all the boxes and then from there it goes over and it goes to our jot build team where we're validating the claim submitting it automatically, essentially. And then always have access to this RCM, which is a monthly financial review essentially looking at everything that was billed, paid, denied, fixed without you being aware of it.
Franny Ali: Okay. Okay. That makes sense. And I think because this is a lot of involvement in order for a biller to do all of this, they either have to be in your EHR or are you needing to transfer everyone to jot psych to kind of utilize these tools that I guess that was what I was kind of unclear about like
Emily Kaiser: that's what we would do with the data transfer. If you do not want to use Jot psych as a full blown EHR, you don't you don't have to do that. But that is where the data transfer comes in essentially is because we would need exactly what you're saying. Certain information on every patient to make sure you're billing correctly. So we would need to do some level of the data transfer with your EHR. So that's kind of a behind the scenes theme.
Emily Kaiser: Behind the scenes thing. But yes, essentially to keep a high level that is pretty much what we would be doing as a data transfer. Now I believe so here's some of the payers. I think we saw the screen. Let me see. Talking about underpayment detection. This is pricing, but I'm going to jump right back to it because I think that there is a slide that explains. Let's see. This is kind of giving you a timeline. So this is talking about eligibility checks. Here's some pairs. Sorry, go ahead.
Franny Ali: No, I was just thinking if I had. Any. Billing. Now is this information like you see these slides? I would like love to go through that juice. Could you send these to me or like what is
Emily Kaiser: I can send I can't send you the full like deck, but I can send you certain parts of the things that we talked about. So like billing and I could send you some information on how it breaks down in the background. I think that could be helpful just to provide a little bit of clarity is our pricing essentially. So you choose it is up to you how much of the percentage exactly you want jot psych taking after these collections have been successful. And this kind of breaks it down from the essentials complete and max of everything included. So I can send this to you as well.
Franny Ali: Okay. Yeah. Oh what was I think this what came out. There was a question about. Oh do you get a dedicated billing person or is it like you're if you have a billing question, you see your report, you have a billing question. Do you get sent to like a billing team?
Emily Kaiser: Yeah. So right now with a lot of our job bill customers depending on where they're at like what step they're in and the process we hold a weekly meeting. So that is with our CTO Jackson is working on a lot of that. But we have Jackson is kind of the customer facing person. I'm on a lot of the calls as well but we do have a few people that are specialized in billing specifically. So yeah, there's a whole team involved and we could do a weekly meeting to kind of make sure everyone's on the same page and you're aware of what's happening on our end and all things like that.
Franny Ali: Like if there's, you know, like with billing companies they usually have like Tom is your billing person. So if something happens where this claim was rejected and you have a question on it, do you talk to Tom each time or are you sent to like different people?
Emily Kaiser: No, you would speak to Jackson or myself.
Franny Ali: There's a billing issue that pops up. Yes.
Emily Kaiser: Yeah. Or just even like right now how we have it set up is a lot of these job bill customers that we're currently onboarding or are already in the process or they're, you know, starting to really use job bill as their EHR and or Jot psych is their EHR wherever they're at in the process. They're constantly getting updates from Jackson or myself of information that we need from you for your payer. We're kind of the middleman essentially. Okay. Okay. Again, Jackson or myself.
Franny Ali: How many people do you guys. I'm sure like there's hundred there's not like hundreds of people that sign on to this and is that, I don't know. Like I'm just trying to figure out the infrastructure of it. Are there like to every 10 people is there this person assigned or, you know, I just in terms of like, cause I know it's new for you guys.
Emily Kaiser: Yeah, that's what I was just thinking. Jack, that's a newer feature for us. So I'm honestly not 100% sure how many job bill customers we have specifically said we're doing like all of these a la carte additions basically. So you can do jot psych and you can add on jot cred and you can add on jot, whatever it may be. So I'm not 100% sure on the number of job bills customers that we currently have live. But I believe it is around 20.
Franny Ali: Okay. And growing probably maybe. Yeah. No, the reason I asked is because when you're meeting with billing companies and they're billing such a big thing, that's how you're getting your money. You there's just the comfort of having a point person and knowing who's kind of handling that on the back end. So if there are issues, there's not any problems getting in touch. So that's kind of why I'm at that where that question is coming from.
Emily Kaiser: No, absolutely.
Emily Kaiser: And but one thing to mention that I think would kind of provide ease is you are seeing a lot of the things that we're doing on your end on your job psych account if you do bill. Basically you have access to a different portal if you're doing just bill and you're seeing exactly what we're walking through and what we're doing. And then again we have that weekly standing meeting. So if you need more information or like you have a contact to essentially. So you would see more information, which I think would provide some clarity on your end, but also be getting constant updates from our team as well.
Franny Ali: Okay. And if I yes, if I want to look over these details, is this on the site, like the basics of what we talked about is this, you said some jot start.
Emily Kaiser: Yes. Yeah. If you actually go to Jot psych and you log out of your account and you scroll down, you'll see pricing and it'll break down each of these new additions basically that we're offering. So again, you can create your own package essentially. But then if you log into your account, you'll see job build jot audit at the top there and like the menu. And you'll see some additional information if you go into Jotville.
Franny Ali: Okay. And if I were interested in utilizing the service. What would that look like?
Emily Kaiser: Yeah, next step. I think next step, it would probably be because, I mean, like you said, we kind of went over a lot of information and I know it's a lot to digest. So why don't we set up a follow up meeting? Let me stop sharing my screen. Let me set up a follow up meeting for maybe like a week from now. So you can kind of take in this information overview anything on the site and I can send you some of these slides. See that. And then you can kind of think about it and we'll touch base in a week and see what you think. And I know that you'll probably see other features when you go on jot psych.com and a lot of people come back to the secondary meeting and they're like, oh, I didn't realize you guys did this too. Taking the information and think about it. I know you said you're kind of comparing with another credentialing service. And that's totally fine. We want to make sure that you feel comfortable with us. You know what I mean?
Emily Kaiser: Why don't we set up a follow-up meeting for either the 16th or 17th of next week? Or Friday.
Franny Ali: I could do. Wednesdays are better. Do you have Wednesday afternoons?
Emily Kaiser: I'm sure I do. Let me open my schedule really quick. And your Eastern standard. You're in New York. Yeah. What part of New York are you in?
Franny Ali: Well, I'm not, I don't live in New York. I live in Bergen County, New Jersey. Oh, okay. Yeah, I practice out in New York.
Emily Kaiser: Very cool. We, our office, we originally based in DC, but we just moved to Brooklyn, actually.
Franny Ali: Oh really? I'm going there today. A staycation at the one of a nice like a hotel at one is a checkout out there. So amazing. Have a great time. Yeah.
Emily Kaiser: So on Wednesday. Let me compare with my because we use Calendly. I don't know if you're familiar, but sometimes it has a mind of its own. Yeah. Okay. This seems right. So I have 1030 a.m. 1130 a.m. 12 130 and 4:30.
Franny Ali: Could we do one? So also what I, so if I got credentialed with a billing company, they are like working on my New York. And New Jersey. I think multi multi state credentialing is a little confusing to me. But let's say I wanted you guys to take on New Jersey credentialing for me. Is that something that can be done?
Emily Kaiser: Yes.
Franny Ali: Okay. That's how I would probably that's probably what I would consider.
Emily Kaiser: Yeah, we have a couple jot bill customers that currently do that.
Franny Ali: Yeah. So I have a PLLC. I have an LLC, but I was kind of told two different ways with the credentialing. I don't, I'm a little confused, but maybe you guys can explain that more. But I'm going to look over the website and I'll come with my questions. Yeah, that sounds how you do the multi state credentialing. That was never really clear to me. Sometimes they say you have to do another LLC or have to be credentialed individually and then add it. I don't know. Are you familiar with any of that?
Emily Kaiser: I would love to get a little bit more clarity on this and come back to you with like a better answer. But I do believe that we can credential you per payer specifically by state. And that's kind of how that works. Does that make sense?
Franny Ali: Yeah, I just don't, I don't know how I want it more insight on what that looks like or is what's the challenges with that or what's the or is it straightforward? I think it's pretty straightforward.
Emily Kaiser: I don't think that there. I think it's, it's very similar to credentialing with anybody in state. You know what I mean? It's like the same process.
Franny Ali: Okay. There's something there. I forget what it is. I'll like in terms of like multi state credentialing. There's like New York. You have to have, like, I don't know if you're familiar, but New York, you have to have a PLLC versus in other states. You can have an LLC. Are you different requirements?
Emily Kaiser: Exactly what you're saying. Different requirements per state. So it's dependent on where you're trying to credential and who you're trying to credential with. But that is kind of where we're walking through where we kind of broke down, like the 1 to 14 day timeline. That's kind of in there of like gathering all the information that we need coming back to you and saying, okay, this payer needs this or figuring that out on our end and kind of communicating and being the middle man doing like all of the logistical work behind each payer essentially.
Franny Ali: Okay. All right.
Emily Kaiser: Perfect. So can you make sure actually you received that because sometimes it does slip into spam. It should be a calendar link just like today.
Franny Ali: Yes, I see it.
Emily Kaiser: Okay, great. Awesome. So if you could add that to your calendar or accept whatever option you see there and then check out our website. Yeah. See what you think. Kind of explore it. Definitely make sure you log out and see our updated homepage because we've made changes and you'll see those a la carte features and the pricing and kind of general descriptions.
Emily Kaiser: But then if you go into your JotSeq account, navigate to Jotville. You'll see it at the top there'll be job build, jot audit. It'll talk about a couple different things in a pull down menu. So check that out and you can always text or email us if you have any questions at all of anything comes up. But other than that, I appreciate your time. Thank you for your interest. And we can talk next week more about anything that comes up for you.
Franny Ali: Okay. Sounds good. Thank you, Emily.
Emily Kaiser: Thank you. Nice to meet you. Bye. Bye.