Becca Bressler: Hey there.
Peris: Good morning.
Becca Bressler: Morning. How are you?
Peris: I'm good. How are you?
Becca Bressler: I'm good. Nice to meet you. I'm Becca. I'm the product manager at Drot Psych.
Peris: How.
Becca Bressler: How can I help you? I know you booked. You booked this time, so. So yeah, let me know what I can support you with.
Peris: I think the first question was, is there an E prescribing tool on it?
Becca Bressler: So currently no, but that's actually something we are working on right now. So we are hoping to have a version of that in the next month or so, actually. So. So it's a good time to ask the question. Yeah.
Peris: Okay. And then, I mean, I've just used it for one patient. I think that was my major concern.
Peris: But these two, just to understand, I can send a link to a patient on the same. Right. Like I can do a telehealth visit on. On. On job site. Right.
Becca Bressler: So we do not have. Do you mean. Are you asking if we have a video platform?
Peris: Yeah, yeah.
Becca Bressler: We do not currently have a video platform. So the way that people use JOT Psych, is it for. For telehealth is they have their telehealth appointment up, they start their recording in Jot Psych, but you sub select the headphone settings if you're wearing headphones, and. And it'll ask you which tab. You'll have to like, select the JOT Psych tab, but then it picks up the audio from your telehealth session.
Peris: Okay, so maybe Zoom or like Google Meet, right?
Becca Bressler: Yes.
Peris: Okay. I think those were my major questions, especially the E prescribed, because I don't know why that there is an E prescribe on it, and I spent so much time yesterday trying to figure it out.
Becca Bressler: Oh, yeah, no, we don't. We don't offer that yet, but we are hoping to in the future.
Becca Bressler: And I plan to, actually, I should say we plan to in the next month or so.
Peris: Okay. Is this a new product in the market? Jet Psych?
Becca Bressler: Jet Psych has been in the market since late 2020. 2023.
Peris: Oh, yeah. Okay. It's pretty good.
Becca Bressler: Yeah. Thank you. We're making lots of updates though, so we're offering and building new billing products as well to help people with that part of their workflow.
Becca Bressler: So, yes, we started as an AI scribe, but are sort of moving into other practice management workflows as well.
Peris: Okay. All right. Honestly, I don't have other questions. I just needed to know if it's. If the E prescribe was there, that was my main concern.
Becca Bressler: Okay. Got it. Well, yeah, keep an eye out and, you know, we'll be sending an email out once we have it officially rolled out, and you'll notice it in the app as well. So just keep an eye out for when that. When that's coming.
Peris: Yeah. Thank you so much.
Becca Bressler: Appreciate it. Yeah. Great. Have a good day.
Peris: Bye. Bye. Bye.