Nathan Peereboom: There we are. Hey. How's how's your day going?
Tracey Sanderbeck: Good. Good. Good. Good so far except for it's freezing again, which I'm not happy about.
Nathan Peereboom: But It's freezing, so you're not you're not using the pool today.
Tracey Sanderbeck: No. And I'm yeah. I just don't do well in this weather. I'm telling you. I I think they they said this is supposed to be the last week, but I don't know if they know that for sure.
Nathan Peereboom: I can't k.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Because I know you're probably absolutely freezing.
Nathan Peereboom: Well, what's freezing to you?
Tracey Sanderbeck: 50. 50 is too much. Too much. 40 is unacceptable. I mean, just, like, how care myself.
Nathan Peereboom: There is Okay. Oh my gosh. Yeah. So you. And it's fifty degrees up here. People it's like summer. You get people out in shorts and T shirts.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Yeah. No. No.
Nathan Peereboom: No.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Yeah. That's why I figured when I said that, was like, yeah. But it will be down in the forties tonight, so that's full. Don't you think that's full for you guys or no? That's not cold?
Nathan Peereboom: I don't think it's cold. But you know what? I grew up in Cleveland, and, you know, I think I'm just an out So that's alright.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Life gets cold there too. So Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: Alright. Alright. Should we do this, Tracy?
Tracey Sanderbeck: I'm sorry?
Nathan Peereboom: Should we do this? Should we walk through this?
Tracey Sanderbeck: I'm ready. I'm ready. I'm Alright.
Nathan Peereboom: Great. So here's kind of what I wanna do. Gonna walk you through just some, like, high level know, things that we found I went into doctor Crono, and I pulled it. I'll walk you through exactly what I pulled. But I think that what you should feel right now is you should, I think, feel a lot of pride in what you and Jeanette have built. I've looked through a lot of practices data, at this point. So I've got pretty good pattern recognition here. And you guys are excellent. Like, you're fastidious. You yeah. You've got really, really good numbers. There's, of course, room for improvement, but the the high level, like, answer here is that you know, you're you're both doing an excellent, excellent job. I wanna start out just by framing kind of what's going what like, you guys are, what's going well, just so, you know, I'm reflecting it back to you. So know, you guys are medication management focused practice. And you've got a few things in place that, like, really make your billing system work. So one, you collected the time of service. And that shows up in the data. You do same day charge entry. So the data's pretty clean between when you charge and when something shows up. These manual eligibility checks, they sound awful for Jeanette, but they are doing pretty good work. In making sure that you see patients who get reimbursed.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Right.
Nathan Peereboom: And, you know, and it's and and you're managing all of this, like, self pay through doctor Crono which is tying the data together in a nice way. So so at a high level, I think that, you know, again, at an operations wise, good stuff. This is just the executive overview. The opportunity that we wanna really highlight here is in get one, getting time back. And two, if you're interested, like, hiring more people, scaling, moving into other, like, higher reimbursement modalities, The actual rate at which you get reimbursed is you know, is considered industry standard. So your charge capture is excellent. On you know, we mentioned your median is, like, zero days from from time of service to entry. Your net collections rate is around, like, 75 to 80% So that's the difference between what an insurer allows in your contract and what they actually pay you.
Tracey Sanderbeck: That's right.
Nathan Peereboom: So there is room there. There's room there, but you know, that's, like, you know, the it's an 80% or sorry. 20%, no opportunity. You get paid around 35% of, you know, based on your contractual agreements, which, again, is fairly normal. Your denial rate is excellent. You only have, like, eight and a half percent denials right now. The industry average is closer to ten. 10 to 20 sometimes. Your accounts receivable is modest. 74 of all the dollars going out the door are current. You have 22 claims that are unsubmitted, but you do, like, 20 claims a day. That means you're, like, a day behind. Is not bad. And you have around $11,000 that's probably, like, at risk or recoverable that we can walk through. Okay. Before before I go on, any does any of that surprise you? Any reactions?
Tracey Sanderbeck: No. I think that I no. I think that the you know, the what was I gonna say? The I forgot what it was. I was gonna ask. The so are you looking at data I just wanna make sure that I understand. You're looking at data from year to date. Is this what you looked at? You pulled, or was it from what year to what Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: So what we did was we did September 2025 to today.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Okay.
Nathan Peereboom: For claims line items, denials, and then for, like, accounts receivable and patient response we did just kind of like, hey. Today, what's the situation?
Tracey Sanderbeck: Okay. Gotcha. Okay. Yeah. That makes sense. I was gonna say because back you know, in '22 and stuff like that, '22, '23, when my husband was sick, I mean, the me and Jeanette had to really clean up a lot of stuff that was or so anyway, so this makes sense. But yeah. No. I I think this is this is good. So Great.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay. So service mix. You do mostly 992 and fours. Which is good. It definitely puts you in a pretty high scrutiny category. For payers. Which you probably sometimes feel. Yep. But but this is a pretty normal distribution for a lot of our customers. Let's see. Yep. So this is you know, obviously, this includes intakes and follow ups. This is just follow ups. You have consistent volume month over month, which is a really good sign. Some people, you see it really lumpy, and that's always, like, kind of not good to see. And sometimes we have to talk about, hey. How do we do we make sure your patients are staying? And you know, you're getting referrals and all that? But that's not at all the problem. You you've got pretty consistent consistent attendance. Charge capture is really good. We don't even have to go through it. Okay. Let's talk about some payers. So your payers pay you in very, very different at different speeds. So Cigna, Aetna, Blue Cross Blue Shield, and Humana are all, like, six or, quicker, in terms of days to pay you. UMR takes, you know, UMR and Medicare both take quite a bit of time. We're gonna talk about Medicare in a second. But know, one thing I would say is you might wanna look at why UMR is taking longer to pay you. You might not care. But, you know, they are taking around three times as long as Cigna.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Okay. Power is, I think, United. I'm pretty sure.
Nathan Peereboom: You are United?
Tracey Sanderbeck: I thought UMR was. Maybe I'm wrong. I might be wrong. UMR.
Nathan Peereboom: K. Know, in the payers are also super, super different in terms of their net collection rate So you have a bunch and UMR and Medicare pop UMR and Medicare are your problem payers. You know? Because they're somewhat high volume, and they take along to pay you, and they don't pay you very much. Either in terms of reimbursement rate or in terms of their allowed amounts. So, you know, here, what you're looking at is net collection rate compared with the know, basically with what you build them.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Mhmm.
Nathan Peereboom: And so Aetna, self pay, Cigna, those are super high, you know, nicely, like, 80 or above. TRICARE, Humana, UHC, Blue Cross Blue Shield, those are sort of normal. That's that's kind of what we would expect from a lot of payers. But UMR, Medicare I'm get you can ignore John's Hopkins and Maritain. They're just so small. Same thing with Uniform Medical. It's you you you barely see patients from those pairs. But Medicare and UMR are reimbursing you somewhere between, like, 5565% of what you're charging them. Which might be an artifact of what you charge them, might be an artifact of what they allow. But it is a big difference if it you know, if you have to choose between patients.
Tracey Sanderbeck: It is. I I see no. I see what you're saying with that because I've I've I've thought about that myself and I've looked at that Not specifically with UMR, but, like, the Medicare because let me explain that real quick. Medicare has just so many providers in my area. I can only speak about my area. Have just opted out of Medicare. Number one, they make your life they make your life miserable. Knock on wood. I haven't experienced that yet, but, and they pay terrible. And and we you know, they only reimburse 80% of their thing for the doctors. And then as nurse practitioners, you get, you know, a less percentage than that. And they're their fee schedule changes two times a year, and it goes up and down like last year, it went down, and this year, it went up a little bit. But so a lot of people just don't wanna be bothered with it. They wanna be involved in, you know, the federal stuff. So, anyway, the result is they a lot of providers have dropped And, of course, they live in Florida. Right? There's all old people here. And these these people don't have it. They can't find providers because so many site providers have just dropped out. And so I think that this is reflective of for me personally, the the this because I'm probably mean, there's not I mean, I can't tell you how many people have said to me, oh my god. I finally found you, and I finally found somebody that will take Medicare. There's just no, you know, they're not out there. So that might be why I have so many. So Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: I mean, one thing that you know, you might wanna consider, and we could talk about this, We're gonna talk about it actually when we when we talk about like, total pay that you receive. We cross CPT codes with payers, and we look at who's reimbursing at what. But one thing that you can do is say, hey. I'll take Medicare. But my, you know, there's gonna be an extra, like, service fee on top of it that the patient has to pay, which is probably immaterial to the patient.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Do that. I don't think I can legally do that because I thought I Okay. No. Because I I believe that we and the reason I'm I'm sure I'm pretty sure this is because we investigated it because Medicare recently had this in office requirement and and then also Blue Cross Blue Shield had decided that they were going to lower reimbursement for 30%. And so I was really doing a lot of, like, trying to be above like, ahead of the ball and investigate, like, was one of the things that we came up with was, you know, can we charge, if they wanna stay telemedicine, they want, you know, Or in office, are they gonna gonna have to pay that 30% to make up the difference. And legally, from what I looked at, didn't speak to a lawyer, but I don't think that I can do that. But that would be nice. Go ahead. Sorry.
Nathan Peereboom: No. That's that's totally fair. You know, there's it might be that, like, you can't add and, again, we would we would have to have our legal team look at this before we, like, actually instituted it at your practice, Tracy. But one of the things that some folks will do, for example, is just make sure that they're always doing, like, add on psychotherapy codes. And I know you do short visits, but know, there are certain ways where, hey. If we extend the visit a little bit longer, there's, like, multiple codes in there. Maybe we have another service that is totally self pay that we know how to be gonna stay in network with Medicare for. That we say, hey. This is just part of how we do medicine. You wanna be a part of our practice, like, it's multimodality, So there there are certain ways. I don't know if you can just, like, pack it onto a nine, two, and four, but there are probably ways to think hey. How do I have a higher average service price per patient regardless of the payer that they come from? And I think that that's a growth area for for you and your practice. I also think it's not unreasonable given how high quality is, the the the work that you do to just say, hey. I don't know if I'm gonna do maybe you keep Medicare, but you drop you on MAR. You you drop UMR, but you keep Medicare. You know, there there's there's some ways to just reconfigure the mix of payers you have in a way that will blend up the average you're making on each visit.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Gotcha. Okay. Yep. That's fair. Good. Yeah. Okay.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay. So this is the money slide. This is my favorite slide that we show people. It's the What are we looking at here? So we're looking at the, you know, the difference CPT codes, obviously. And and then what payers are giving you for them. And there are two slides here. One is just the average insurance reimbursement, and then this is reimbursement plus what the patient's paying you. So this is, like, true revenue. And this is just you know, insurance side.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Okay.
Nathan Peereboom: You I'll send you this deck later, but let's just look at this slide because it's actual true revenue. Okay. So what are the takeaways here? So UHC is probably your best payer on a reimbursement level. Like, they kind of punch above their weight in every single CPT code.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: They're the highest UMR, oddly, is also fairly high. Which is super interesting. And Medicare, TRICARE, and Humana are sort of your worst. Yeah. So these are the ones that you you kinda make the least from.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: Now you obviously make the most from these, like, intakes. Now I know they take longer than you know, your follow-up appointments. So this is not actually, like, a real apples to apples comparison because know, we probably should think about it on a per hour basis. But I actually don't know how long each of your appointments or your intakes take. So so right here, it's just straight revenue.
Tracey Sanderbeck: What it But the What what one hour intakes.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay. And then these are twenty minute visits?
Tracey Sanderbeck: Yes. Mhmm.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay. Gotcha. Okay. So then it's the reverse. Like, you just want as many follow ups as you possibly can, and you actually don't want a lot of intakes because because on a per hour basis, this is so much better.
Nathan Peereboom: But you know, Tracy, I are you aware of these differences? Like, these are huge differences. I mean, you're this is, like, yeah. There's a 25% difference between, you know, these two groups.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Yeah. Well, I I I was aware that, you know, I am kind of aware of what which ones are higher. I'm kinda surprised because I always thought Aetna was my lowest. And Humana you know? Yeah. Of course, Humana is. But I always really thought Aetna was my was the thorn in my side, but I see that the Humana So that part, I didn't realize, but and look at TRICARE. TRICARE is worse than all of us. It's probably TRICARE is the worst.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. TRICARE's the worst. I mean, there's a little bit of a grain of salt to be taken here, though. The n is really low on a lot of these. I mean, this is an n of one. This is an n three. So Oh, okay.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Okay.
Nathan Peereboom: You know, so you have to take a little of the sample size You know?
Tracey Sanderbeck: Here not any of them.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. But the other thing and I mentioned these like, add on psychotherapy codes. You know, this ratio should probably be higher, Tracy. Like, right now, you've got, like, a you know, basically, in fifty percent of your visits, you're doing some version of a psychotherapy add on. If, you know, if that was a lever that you were interested in playing with, you know, we we know some practices where they say, A hundred percent of my med management is gonna have a psychotherapy add on. Because you don't get you know, your ninety nine two one four is not a time based code. It's procedure based code. So in theory, you could do you know, a twenty five minute visit that's mostly psychotherapy. Book it as a ninety two one four and a psychotherapy add on, obviously. And, and have the collective revenue for an extra, like, five minutes or something.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Okay.
Nathan Peereboom: You can that's totally your prerogative, but Yeah. We do No.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Because I do I mean, I do spend and the thing is is, you know, I do spend the time with the patients. And if they have something that they need to I just don't do formal hour long therapy, but if they they're having an issue or if they're having something going on or whatever, I mean, I do know my patients, and I know what's going on in their life. And so, you know, a lot of times I run over. You know, I'll run over because they're talking or they're telling me something and so so say that again. The you're saying, what's not the the Okay.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Not the So not a time base, you say, nine zero nine and ahead.
Nathan Peereboom: So a nine nine two one four is a procedure based code. You're getting paid for what you do. Mhmm. A psychotherapy add on code is a time based code, which means you're getting paid for spending a certain there are different time levels. You know, buckets of time that you're spending on psychotherapy. So have to note that in your JotPsych note. But what we see a lot of people do is say, hey. I'm already providing therapeutic services. You know?
Nathan Peereboom: It's almost impossible to prescribe medication without having some kind of therapeutic alliance with the patient where you're really figuring out what's going on, why they need the medication they need, how is it, you know, how is it interacting with their, you know, their social life, And so you know, again, some clinics say we always do a psychotherapy add on code because we're always providing therapy.
Tracey Sanderbeck: And that's Now agree with that. That's what I would like to do. But know, I'm also confused if I'm not spending the right amount of time or whatever. But like you said, when you're you're saying it like that, I mean, I might see them for twenty minutes, and you you know, pretty much twenty minutes or so is psychotherapy and five or ten minutes is five minutes maybe is just going over the medicine because we're not starting new. We're not doing anything, but it's majority of psychotherapy, but I'm trying to add it on. You know? So Yeah. Then I always get worried, like, oh, my, you know, my coding. Right? Am I and I've taken the coding course and stuff and that, you know, I just just wanna make sure. Now I will tell you that since this is very interesting. So if you were to go back and pull these numbers for 20 even earlier, before I started with you all, these numbers would be very skewed because I didn't do a lot of add on even though I did the even though I haven't changed the way that I practice, because I was the doc I didn't feel like the documentation's supported it. And now with AI, with with you guy having you guys I feel like my notes actually capture what I'm what I'm doing. The the Yeah. Work that I'm putting into it. And if you look at my notes, go guys, I did bullet points, and I'm like, if they ever take my notes, you know, I had a separate psychotherapy section, and then I had and it was, again, bullet points and you know but you can only do so much typing. And so now I feel like I'm much I'm even more comfortable. So I'm charging way more So imagine how much I wasn't charging before.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. Yeah. And, I mean, we can also well, we'll do this, obviously, when we start billing for you, Tracy. But like to look at your template and make sure that we based on what we know, feel confident that you are totally safe to be charging for these things.
Nathan Peereboom: Because we have a special template that's like, med management and psychotherapy add on, and we split them apart. And there's you know, we've got all the all the details in place to make sure that that's protected.
Tracey Sanderbeck: So because I started looking at my templates the last couple of nights, and I'm like, and I'll tell you about it real quick at the end. I want two seconds of your time to give you a little bit of feedback on something that I just that happened that I've noticed on a note that I've want you guys take it and look at it. And but, anyway so, yeah, that that I yeah. I was thinking about that that I really been looking at my templates and stuff, and I'm like, am I using the right templates? Did I build them right, or they act anyway, Okay. Go ahead.
Nathan Peereboom: Sorry. Yeah. So the so what we'll do when we because we're gonna when do you have your in your kickoff with with Adam? Is that on the calendar yet or no? Not yet?
Nathan Peereboom: I don't have it. Yeah. Okay. So when we get you on the calendar with Adam, what we'll do is we'll take all of your payer documents. And we'll make sure that it's, like, it's custom to your payer. So for you know, UMR, for example, like, UMR probably has its own set of rules about what constitutes a really good psychotherapy with an or, med management with a psychotherapy add on code note. And so we'll craft, like, a template that's, like, really sensitive to to that particular payer. And that particular configuration of codes. But but, yeah, I think we're on the same page here. So let me just keep moving through just in the interest of time. Okay. I'm going to yeah. This is an interesting slide. So what is it? It's accounts receivable by payer with different, like, lag dates. The the the obvious takeaway here is that you have, like, a bizarrely high dollar count high up at Blue Cross Blue Shield right now. Do you know why that is?
Tracey Sanderbeck: Do I have a high I have a high what that I owe to Blue Cross?
Nathan Peereboom: No. No. No. No. No. They owe to you.
Tracey Sanderbeck: They owe to me. Yeah. Well, something is going on with Blue Cross, and I'll tell you what happened very quickly last year and referencing back to that whole they arbitrarily just decided that they they wanted us use new codes, and we started using new codes unbeknownst to us. That they were cutting the reimbursement by 30%. And I went ballistic, and I called and I I took it all the way up the chain and up apparently maybe some other people did, and they backed off on it. And they said, we're gonna implement it this year. Again, they haven't implemented it.
Tracey Sanderbeck: So they paid all these claims, and I have a whole list of them. I have an entire they paid all these claims at this reduced rate. Then to make things even worse, they told me, resubmit the claims with the regular codes. We'll pay them. We have two choices. We could either just say, oh, it's okay. Just forget it. No. Everything's no harm, no foul. And leave the money on the tip. No. I wasn't doing that. So but when I resubmitted all the claims, they paid them. So say, like, they paid us $50 then we should've got a $100. Now I so I got 50. They should've got a 100. I resubmit them. Now they paid us the whole 100. So now what do you think happens? I owe them 50.
Nathan Peereboom: Oh my gosh.
Tracey Sanderbeck: So this is a nightmare that Jeanette is slowly trying to trying to fix. And I'm not sure why they owe us where it's showing that we but it doesn't surprise me. There's I I I don't know. I don't, yeah, I know It shows that they owe us they owe me, like, $12,000, and then they're going back now and they're like, we just yeah. I just found last week that they went back and they they down coded something, and they she can't figure out what the is going on. And we and I've been in touch with them, they're like, well, we don't know. It's an out of state plan. And anyway so but you're sick. They owe us $12,600.
Nathan Peereboom: That's what we're counting in the It's interesting to it sounds like there's a little bit of back and forth all around, though. So the we can we can double click into that. But but with other pairs, I mean, you're in a really healthy spot. I mean, the there's a lot of green on here because these are not crazy amounts. I mean, you don't have any payer that owes you more than a thousand dollars you know, three months out, which is really good.
Tracey Sanderbeck: So I also and I was talking to Jim. Jim is my he really has stepped up. He helps with all the numbers and all the kinda so he's my father-in-law. So he's you know, Randy did this job and, you know, and so he stepped up as well. He's very much a numbers person and stuff like that. And so I actually met with him last night and one of the things he was asking me about some of this and I have never I have never submitted for a fee schedule increase. So we thought after we had after I this meeting that and we kinda got on track and stuff that I would put together a letter and just start asking for increases. I've never I've never asked for one, and I've been with these people since 2018.
Nathan Peereboom: So I've Tracy, we can do that for You don't have to do that. That's, like, the perfect thing for us to do.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Okay. Okay.
Tracey Sanderbeck: I'm never I I mean, I've gotten little increases here and there incremental when they do it across the board, but I've never sat down and said, hey. You know, I'm being paid less than other people. And, anyway, that's what Yep.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. We, we can we can, like, hunt that down for you. I mean, we can talk about, like, how it works and everything because we have a, we have a separate service that does all the and payer management stuff where we know, follow-up with payers on your credentialing, and we keep up with the fee schedules and all of that. So if that's something you want, we can definitely add it in. But but yeah. I mean, if you haven't updated things in eight years, you definitely should reach out and update because, you know, it's 2026. So eight eight years is a long time.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Yeah. Yeah. I know.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay. I'm just gonna kind of move through this. Somewhat quickly. Yeah. So you know, you you do have denials. Most of them are well, not most. A large number of them are just in, like, claims getting submitted incompletely. So we have a claim scrubber that should should knock that down.
Tracey Sanderbeck: K.
Nathan Peereboom: There's also, like, some eligibility stuff. But, again, this is, like, sort of in line with what the industry is. So so no no crazy red flags here. Yeah. So here are your denial codes. There's probably, like, $10,000 that's, like, really you know, you could tackle. And this is, again, over just, like, that four to six month period. So there's probably, like, $20,000 a year in just, like, tightening up, you know, what data goes into the claims, you know, prior authorization, you know, getting things in a little faster. It looks like there's around don't know, 700 some claims where it's just like the filing time expired, which is a bummer. Yeah. So there's there's good stuff here. But but but you shouldn't feel bad at all about about how you guys have been operating. Okay. Great. I'm actually just going to pause here. Yeah. I think that we are yeah. Like, we're basically it's like I mean, I'll send you the the presentation. But I think that right now, we should probably move to talking about next steps. Because I think you know, you signed our MSA. We're really excited to move forward. And take as much work off of your and Jeanette's plate as possible. And so let me get my checklist out. Be while I'm getting this checklist, is there anything that you have questions about that you want me to talk through in the analysis?
Tracey Sanderbeck: The I did message I was trying to think about when my contract was up with doctor Corona because I was thinking, I used to sign it every year and then, like, thinking, like, I haven't signed it. So I wonder if they added something like it just auto renews and just in my head.
Nathan Peereboom: I've been with them since in '18.
Tracey Sanderbeck: So I just messaged, and I let me see. Your renewal date is September '26. So you still have some time before the next term begins. If you have questions in the meantime, So that's what I'm wondering. I'm like, so I never signed another renewal. So but now I'm like Right. You know, I'm thinking September is kinda far away. I don't know. I'm just kinda I don't know. The the more I look at and I have really looked at doctor Crono that well, you you see it. I mean and, you you know, speak freely. You're not gonna hurt anybody's feelings, but and I know that it's a competition thing. But, I mean, realistically, what I can see even just from my limited knowledge, it maybe back in the day, was kind of, like, the ability is, like, cutting edge and all this other stuff. But when I look at this and I look at you, I look at IntakeQ, I look at some of these other one all of these other things, and it's such an antiquated system. It's like they didn't put the time and effort into keeping it fresh and new. And now it's so old and so antiquated that I I don't believe that they're I mean, they're gonna have to they would have to scrub the whole system to bring it up. I mean, when you can't that simple thing that you showed me, if I needed a patient to pay, I I texted them, Mhmm. It's so simple. I can't do that. I can't do that. I can maybe do an email. Nobody's gonna email and then go into a portal and then go here People want a text message that they can click something, they can put it and they can click it They want a text message that says, hey. Before your appointment, like, I would like to do PHQ nines. I would like to do GAD sevens. I would like to do those things because some of those are available. Don't have a way to get them to the patient and they're not gonna do that. If I could text them to them and say fill us out before your appointment, like every other doctor's office does and boom and boom, and then uploads into the system, It's antiquated. The other these other systems are doing this.
Nathan Peereboom: And Yeah. I I mean, I think when I was poking around doctor Crono, my my sense is just that they actually purchased a bunch of other software companies and put them together. Because when you go into the billing data, for example, there's, like, multiple different like, UI patterns or, like like, screen patterns which to me is, like forensically, I'm just like, oh, they bought four companies, and they stitched them all together. And so it's a little bit of Frankenstein. And Frankensteins can work, and they can be, you know, they can be effective. My understanding though, Tracy, is that you want a modern system. Like, you want something that's simple, straightforward, modern, allows you to do your all your work in a really, like, kind of single shot way. And that's kind of our that mean that you happen to be, like, sort of the perfect customer from a from a vision and preference standpoint for us. I mean, that's, like, the whole conceit of our system. So but look. You don't have to switch doctor Kroner right now. Like, you don't have to make this decision. What I would say is give give Jotsek a try. You still got doctor Crono. And if you, you know, if if it turns out that Child Psych is doing all you need, you know, then you can what you're spending, like, what, $450 a month on Docker chrono?
Tracey Sanderbeck: So, yeah, 4 I think it went up to $4.90 or $4.50. Yeah. At the least, $4.50.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. So you know, at some point, you can decide if you wanna cancel that. But you don't have to make that decision right now. So I would say get comfortable with us. Let us prove our worth to you. And and whenever you're ready, you'll know. Because you'll be like, man, alright. I'm doing everything in Jot's like, why am I paying for this?
Tracey Sanderbeck: Right. And are you at a point I heard you referenced this before, but are you guys at a point where you're a full functioning ER that has an ERX and everything, or you're still that's a goal that you're getting to?
Nathan Peereboom: Oh, no. We we have have prescription now. Would you like to prescription to be turned on free?
Tracey Sanderbeck: Oh, yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: Let me show you. When you go to the recording screen at the top, have you seen this this bar Yes. Prescribed? Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: So you should just sign up for you know, set do a setup call.
Nathan Peereboom: And we'll get you rocking and rolling on it.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Oh, okay. Alright. I didn't realize that you added that. I didn't, yeah, I didn't see that.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. I mean, you know, you it sounds like, Trace, you you know we have forms that you can send to your patient. Mhmm. You know, we do you know, we are talking about the payment we talk about document generator?
Tracey Sanderbeck: No. No.
Nathan Peereboom: So you can make any kind of document you need. Remember how we were showing you that prior authorization is a little bit of a limiting factor for your billing? You could say, like, you know, write a prior auth for this patient's receiving well, actually, it doesn't make sense to come from a it it doesn't make sense to come from your prior auth. We'd be from the pair. But you could say, like, write a prior auth request to Aetna for 10 sessions of nine nine two one four follow-up. Knows? And there's no way Aetna actually requires prior auth for it. But the point is that know, what it does is it takes the whole patient record, it writes exactly what you need. To submit to, like, a payer, another doctor, a school, you know, you know, any kind of inpatient facility. You know, so that you get authorization for, you know, for what you need. So, you anything. You could do you can create any kind of document just based on the patient record.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Oh, now we you you said to me before, and I don't think it's I don't think it's turned on on my or maybe I saw it, and then I couldn't I couldn't I tried to navigate it. So say, like, I wanna text a PHQ nine to the patient, and then and then they text it, and and I text it to them. And they get it, and they fill it out, and they send it. And where's it? Is it gonna go right back? Is it gonna come back here, or where does it go when they send it back?
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. So you can send patient forms directly from the either the note or the patient page. When you get it back, if you're sending PHQ nines, it'll it'll you know, populate somewhere like here. So, like, yeah, for a p h q nine, it'll auto populate here if they're sending it, but you can also type it in And, you know, it sits in a graph, and you can, like, you know, add things, you know, over time. So you can see, like, you know, longitudinal changes. And you you know? So it's graphing the data for you as you go.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Alright. And that becomes part of the note then? That I sent out of PHQ nine, or do I have to add that somehow?
Nathan Peereboom: Think right now you have to mention that you sent it. It'll be in the patient record. But I believe you it it helps if you just mention, like, hey. I saw your PHP ninth score was 12.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Okay. Gotcha. And so how am I sending that to the patient? Because I've gotta go back and look at mine and see why I couldn't So say that I'm in the patient chart, Go ahead.
Nathan Peereboom: Mhmm. Yeah. So so you send form.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Okay.
Nathan Peereboom: PHQ.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Mhmm. Got it.
Nathan Peereboom: Nine. Select patients. Have the number. You can send it by you know, however you want.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Little message.
Nathan Peereboom: Can see what it looks like. And then you just click send, and it's gone. Okay.
Nathan Peereboom: Let's see if it would show up to mine. It should be in it should be in my phone. Let's see.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Okay. Good.
Nathan Peereboom: Yep. And so you can see it showed up on my phone.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Very good. Okay.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah.
Tracey Sanderbeck: I'm gonna go back in there and look because I was kinda stuck, and I couldn't I couldn't figure it out on my in my thing.
Nathan Peereboom: It was Do you remember why? That's kind of puzzling.
Tracey Sanderbeck: It was let me just I'll go in doctor I'm still here. Can you can you hear me?
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. Yeah.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Okay. I'm just looking at mine. So I'm go tell me again. I'm going to the patient record.
Nathan Peereboom: Yep. Can you share your screen with me, Tracy, just so I can watch you?
Tracey Sanderbeck: Yeah. Let me see. John Bill. Hold on a minute. Share. And I'll select everything. Can I select everything? Oh, I guess I yeah. There we go. And share. Okay. Can you see me?
Nathan Peereboom: Got it.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Yep.
Nathan Peereboom: I can see you.
Tracey Sanderbeck: So I'm here. I'm gonna go into this one, this patient here.
Nathan Peereboom: K.
Tracey Sanderbeck: And then go send a form. Yeah?
Nathan Peereboom: Great.
Tracey Sanderbeck: And then I'm gonna say, PHQ9.
Nathan Peereboom: PHQH2 You can click enter.
Nathan Peereboom: Oh, enter If you click enter there, it'll oh, okay. Yeah.
Tracey Sanderbeck: There you go. There it is. And then that's it. Oh, yeah. No. I I I think I must have been doing something wrong because it was like Okay. I didn't have anything here to pick from. Or something. Like, it wasn't like, it didn't say selected or I I don't remember. Like, okay. So here's this. Oh, yeah. Selected. I I don't know. So okay. Good. Alright. I know when I first started, but it was a little while ago, so maybe it was I don't know, I was doing something wrong. So good. Excellent. Perfect. Thank you.
Nathan Peereboom: Cool. Yeah. So use that to your heart's content. Let us know what you think. This is a feature we're still developing. So know, just give me as much ruthless feedback as you can, and I'll pass along to the engineers. Okay?
Tracey Sanderbeck: Okay. And I do have a real quick are you we almost finished? I don't wanna run over because I know Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: Let me can I just run through a quick checklist? Sure. Just because here's what I'm gonna do, Tracy. I I just need to ask you a bunch of questions. I'm gonna package that up, and the next meeting you have is gonna be with my colleague, Adam. Okay. What Adam is gonna do is he's gonna start basically, like, moving you over into our billing system.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Okay.
Nathan Peereboom: We're running this promotion right now where we're paying people $500 in JotSci credit if they get us all the information within a week. We've had this situation where, like, sign the MSAs, and then it takes, like, five weeks for them to get us, like, all the stuff that allows us to start working for them. So there's no pressure, but we do have, like, a $500, like, we'll kick it back into your account. K. Thing. I wanna make sure that you just have all the information and can do that if you should choose. Okay?
Tracey Sanderbeck: So you're gonna send me a list of the information you want. Right?
Nathan Peereboom: Yep. I'll send you a list. But but before I send you a list, I wanna just walk you through a few questions that I can package up prepare for Adam. Okay?
Tracey Sanderbeck: Yep.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay. Alrighty. Okay. So okay. First of all, so you selected the 4% plan, I believe. Right?
Tracey Sanderbeck: I think so. Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: Great. Okay. So I just wanna make sure that we're on the same page about what that is.
Tracey Sanderbeck: K.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay.
Tracey Sanderbeck: So And that's that's 4% of everything collected, not billed. Correct?
Nathan Peereboom: Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. And it's only the stuff we bill. We're not not charging on things that we don't bill. Okay. So there are three parts of that. There's the eligibility checks, There's the customized like, remember how I said we wanna pull your payer docs and build the perfect templates for you?
Tracey Sanderbeck: Yes.
Nathan Peereboom: So we wanna do that. Then remember how we said that most of your deny or many of your denials are just in, that The claim had an incomplete on it or it was missing data. So we wanna own that process.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Okay.
Nathan Peereboom: We, though, don't for for, like, for the 4%, we're not gonna do like, any of, like, the ERA analytics, the auto appealing, the, you know, updating all the payrolls as they come, patient collections, underpayment detection, like all that other stuff, which is totally fine, but we just wanted to clear about that upfront just so, like, you knew.
Nathan Peereboom: And then if to choose from. Pardon me?
Tracey Sanderbeck: These are the different levels to choose from.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. And you can always switch up and back. So we're gonna start you on four. If two months from now, you're like, oh my gosh. I just wish they would just do the appeals too. You can add that in. It's not a problem. So so that's one thing I wanted to say. If you want us to negotiate your contract with payers, we do that. It's, like, a $150 a month. And we manage all your credentialing. So we'll take all your credentialing paperwork and basically, like, arbitrate back and forth to make sure you're constantly credentialed with these payers. And your fee schedules are the top of the line. And that's in our interest. We want you to get paid as much as possible. So if you want us to do that, that's great. If not, there's no pressure.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Okay.
Nathan Peereboom: Any questions about that? Any thoughts about it?
Tracey Sanderbeck: No. And I saw on another screen that you compared, like, this 4% to there was another screen, and I I I missed it. It was back. We're about approximately how much this would cost me a month if I moving forward. I think there was Oh, yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I think I remember where that was. Oh, yeah. So our estimate is I think that we we think this is gonna be roughly $600 a month. Is this what you're referencing?
Tracey Sanderbeck: Yep. Yeah. That's it. Yep.
Nathan Peereboom: So that's our estimate. Obviously, we want it to be more because that means that we're we're getting you more revenue, but that's kind of what you should sort of expect right now.
Tracey Sanderbeck: And then it would just, you know, go up, obviously, And it that was the main thing was the Because some of these places I've I haven't seen that they they wanna charge 4% of every every dollar or every amount billed. I'm like, well, how's that? That's not fair because That's crazy. That is crazy, but they they do it. And I'm just like, I'm not doing that. And then I guess we would kinda suss out the I know we're we're in a different situation as far as how we run our practice. So I I don't imagine that there's other people that don't run their practice this way. But as far as knowing how much the person owes so that we can chart continue to do you know, manage that part, we wanna I wanna make sure that we're still Janette's still charging the co pays and doing that. I don't know how that's gonna come across or how that's gonna work out you know, because it would be very tedious. For you guys to look up every patient. And I don't know how So I think we you know, moving forward, I think that we would have to that part out and figure out how that's gonna work.
Nathan Peereboom: Great. Yeah. I'll let you work that out with Adam. A lot of it is gonna be based on what we can get from eligibility checks.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Gotcha. Okay.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay. So just moving through here. Sorry. I'm just I'm just looking at this. So okay. So we're gonna be doing a full system over, right, in terms of we're gonna move all the pairs in one fell swoop rather than, like, one pair at a time. Typically easier.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Oh, and when this goes when this is we won't be billing anything through Doctor. Crono at all anymore.
Nathan Peereboom: No. Mm-mm. Because you're gonna do your patient pay Jeanette's gonna bill the patient through JotPsych. And we're gonna do the claim through JotSyc. So you're gonna have a unified view of every single bill based on the encounter. So every encounter is gonna have a patient payment and an insurance payment.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Okay. Gotcha. Okay.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay. Great. So we're gonna handle so for those, we're gonna handle the ERAs too just so that we can, like, track it and, like, yep. Okay. Cool.
Tracey Sanderbeck: About Payment flow What about the payers and stuff? Because I know when you change clearing houses, we just changed clearing houses, we were forced to change clearing houses because we were with I guess matter. We were with one for a long time, and it was great. And then doctor Kronos switched clearinghouses, and, oh my gosh, it was it was not easy. And it was all on us to do it, and it was a pain in the ass.
Nathan Peereboom: We do it all for you. So it's, like, we'll as I said, we take your pair docs.
Nathan Peereboom: We take, like, any kind of logins you have with your payers. And then we'll know, we do all the reenrollments. A lot of them are automated. Like, in in steady, a lot of them are single button. Some of them take, like, two to three weeks. That's out of our control. But if not all of them are gonna take that long.
Tracey Sanderbeck: No. I don't I don't believe from that that there I think majority of them were a button, button, button, but when you're dealing with somebody from India, it's it's never nothing's ever easy, and everything doctor Crono's through India, and it's very it can be difficult. So but you would handle So okay. Alright. Go ahead.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay. Cool. Let's see. Okay. I think that I've gotten everything here. Let me see. Okay. Great. Okay. So last thing that I wanna do is I just wanna work backwards from when you want us to, like, start. So I'd like to I'd like to have a situation where we are fully running your billing starting on starting in, like, early March.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Okay.
Nathan Peereboom: And so why don't we say how do you feel about a March 4 go live?
Tracey Sanderbeck: Well, let me see. March hold on. Let me pull this up. March March. March. March.
Nathan Peereboom: Oh, no. I'm sorry. That's, that's too quick.
Nathan Peereboom: That was March 9.
Tracey Sanderbeck: I was gonna say, no. That's probably not gonna work because I wanna go through this Janette. I wanna go through this with Jim because he he's oh, he's very excited about all this. I mean, my father-in-law, he's he can't wait to see all these numbers and stuff. Because as you can probably see in doctor Crono, the reports are very difficult to read.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. They're kind of impossible.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Well, yeah. And and he's not a medical person. He's a businessman. He's retired, but he lives on a spreadsheet. He's very computer, and he just literally pulls his hair out. Pulling these reports and trying to read them. They're impossible. And so, you know, he's like, well, hopefully, I could be I'll be able to get more information. So okay. So the ninth so that would give me the rest of this week and all of next week to try to get with him and get and Jeanette's gonna watch this as well. I'm gonna send this to him so he can watch it. And then if you can send me those slides Slide. Easier. Yeah. And so then if I can meet, like, say, mid maybe even Thursday with or next Tuesday even, or maybe even Monday.
Tracey Sanderbeck: I would what's his name? The guy you want me meet?
Nathan Peereboom: Adam.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Adam.
Nathan Peereboom: My advice if you can, would be to see if you could find time with him Friday. Because the sooner we get, like, all your con like, the sooner we get that context, the sooner we can run our system through it, do some testing on our side. Like, every day of the pound that we have is gonna improve the quality that we can serve you.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Okay.
Nathan Peereboom: How do you feel do you mind meeting on on Friday instead?
Tracey Sanderbeck: Meet with him on Friday because what I'll do is I'll send this over to Jim. I'll send him in and to Jeanette and let them look at it, and then and then I'll yeah. So that yeah. We can be I can meet him on Friday as well I mean, around this time. After work. Is that Let's see.
Nathan Peereboom: Is there any way you could do earlier I've you know, I'd be super happy to to meet at that time, but I don't know if if he's available after five on Friday.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Okay. I I mean, I could do five, but if he's not working the only thing is is on third on Tuesday, Tuesday, Thursday, Friday, my last patient starts at 04:20. If it's on time. And then Wednesdays, my my last patient's at 06:20. So Monday, like I said, Monday is I'm off all you know, like, I don't see patients on Monday. Don't know if we can Let's do Monday then.
Tracey Sanderbeck: How does I have a I have a standing appointment from ten to eleven up in Clearwater, so I could be back home by noon, and then I don't have it at March 2. I don't have anything on my calendar. So Okay.
Nathan Peereboom: Great. Okay. Let's do March 2. Let me just look at what's on our calendar here. Toss this. Okay. How does 1PM eastern sound for March 2?
Tracey Sanderbeck: Yep. That's fine. 1PM.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay. Beautiful. Okay.
Tracey Sanderbeck: No one's that do that? Why did it go to 08:00? Not 08:00. You said 01:00.
Nathan Peereboom: And do you you want anyone else to be on that? Do you want Jeanette to be on it?
Tracey Sanderbeck: Yeah. I would put her on it for sure, and I'll tell her She'll be oh, you know what? Monday, she's traveling. That's okay. I'll just have to show her. She's she's coming down Monday. She just told me today she's driving down on Monday, so there's no way she can do it. We'll just have to tape it again.
Nathan Peereboom: That's that's totally fine.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Yeah. Okay.
Nathan Peereboom: Great.
Tracey Sanderbeck: My my father-in-law wants to be on it. I mean, I I'll let you know. I can send him, and he can always Totally. He might wanna sit in on it. So okay.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay.
Tracey Sanderbeck: But that definitely will because she is traveling for sure. And so you said 01:00. Correct? On Monday?
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. I just sent you the invite, so you should have it in your Let's see. Yeah. On your side.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Oh, I got it. Perfect. Yes. Alright. So there we go.
Nathan Peereboom: Cool.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Alright. Good. Okay.
Nathan Peereboom: Perfect. Perfect. And that's Adam.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Okay. Perfect.
Nathan Peereboom: Yep.
Tracey Sanderbeck: And who is Adam? What is his what's his role?
Nathan Peereboom: I haven't met him yet. The head of our, like the whole, like, billing service thing that we're running here.
Tracey Sanderbeck: So he's he's don't think I've met him before.
Nathan Peereboom: He's great. You'll you're in you're in really good hands with him, and he's yeah. Yeah. He's fantastic. He and I have worked together for probably, like, six years now, which is crazy. We we worked in a different company together. And then when I started this, he was one of the first people that I I wanted to bring over. So yeah, as I said, you're in great hands. Okay. I think that I've gotten through everything on my side, Tracy. So I owe you the deck. You've already got the meeting invite. You've got, you know, you Adam is gonna reach out and know, let you know what he needs from you for that meeting.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Yep.
Nathan Peereboom: Alright. Let me see. I've got this document in front of me. Let me just see if there's anything that he's being you know, that we've got. Ah, okay. So we've got admin access already to your EHR RCM system. We're gonna set you up in steady. Okay. So the thing that would be really helpful are your provider participation agreements. Your payer welcome or approval letters confirming effective dates, your network agreements, and your fee schedule.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Alright. Are you sending me that, or am I writing that down? Because I have everything, believe it not, on it. Everything is in these files over here, and then some of them I've got all the originals. But Amazing. Alright. Hold on a minute. Am I right in this are you are you gonna send me a well,
Nathan Peereboom: I I'm gonna send you a follow-up.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Yep.
Nathan Peereboom: I'm gonna send you a follow-up.
Tracey Sanderbeck: This is gonna be taped so I can go back and watch it. But yes. Okay. I have all that. Stuff. And the ones that I don't have, I'm yeah. I can get them because they may be in a portal somewhere because back in the day, you know, there wasn't so much of this. It was it was, like, letters, and they sent you the hard copies, and we saw I signed and all of that stuff. I don't think it's done now. I think it's done with DocuSign stuff now. But okay. So I'll have so I got that. They're all in that file, most of them. If not, then I have to we just have to go and find them, but that's okay.
Nathan Peereboom: Great. Okay. Cool. So we're gonna shoot for great. Okay. So I think we have everything. Oh, and then the last thing is I just wanna confirm our go live date. I'm gonna put February 11 for the go live if you're comfortable with that.
Tracey Sanderbeck: February 11?
Nathan Peereboom: We're done fast. March 11.
Tracey Sanderbeck: March 11. Yeah. February went by fast enough. I was like, February. Okay. So the eleventh.
Nathan Peereboom: That's Alright.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Alright. So okay. Alright. So you're you're gonna send me this this recording so I can send it over. You're gonna send me the the presentation, and then gonna send me a follow-up with all the stuff that you need so I can start getting that together. And then am I just emailing it to you, or am I emailing it to Adam?
Nathan Peereboom: Adam. So Adam's your guy. I mean, you you've got my phone number, and you you have my email. I'm gonna be very, like, involved, But, but Adam is really the quarterback for this next stage.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Alright. And I have his email address, or is it just adam at jost psych, or what is it?
Nathan Peereboom: Yep. It's adam at jot psych. I'm gonna loop you in I'll cc him so that you have his his information. Okay?
Tracey Sanderbeck: Okay. Alright. So I think we have everything I have everything that I need, and then I just have to kinda run this I just wanna talk to Jim and we will move forward. And as long as I have everything, I'll start working on all the paperwork that I have to get to you and get it over as soon as possible. And you have access to my EHR, so anything that is yeah.
Tracey Sanderbeck: I don't think they I don't think they have anything. And credentialing, but I have it all in that drawer right there. So I just unpacked it. Okay. Alright.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Well, can I tell you really quick, give you just a little fee oh, I don't even know if this is feedback? But I think if you have your people look at it and just and just I don't know. So there's a no wanna show you this note.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah.
Tracey Sanderbeck: And so I had this patient. Oh, what am I doing? I gotta go in here. Alright. So this is the patient. Oh, what's happening? Okay. Here we are. This is the note. Let me go to his notes. So I had this patient m o a c h, Mike you'll see Michael Lachman. Michael Lachman is psych intake, and here's my Island Life mental health one. And then this one is oh, okay. So he's a he's a regular patient of mine. That I saw for ADHD and a little bit of depression or whatever And then he stopped treatment, and then his dad I I also see his dad. His his dad referred him. Anyway and then his dad messaged me and said, hey. Michael's been doing this, this, and this, and this. And I'm like, that's very concerning. You know? And he says, I want him to see you again. Do you think and I said, yeah. I think that you know, I'm yeah. That's that's concerning. So so I had appointments. I only scheduled a forty minute appointment. I had just Yeah. I didn't do a new patient. But when I saw him, it turned into, like, an hour long an hour long, and I really decided to switch the template because I needed to capture all of this information. I mean, if you wanna go back and look look at the the transcript, you'll see what I'm talking about. But, clearly, I mean, I'm almost it's very sad to say, but I'm pretty sure he has schizophrenia and is I think that that's what we're looking at here. But if go back and look at, like, my notes, it it like, this one particular, my template, it it doesn't say anything. Like, when I changed over to this Trim,
Nathan Peereboom: are you you trying to show me something? All I can see is the list of notes.
Nathan Peereboom: Oh, I'm sorry.
Tracey Sanderbeck: So if you go back to yeah. So if you go here, to this I pulled this psychiatric intake, and that's just a generalized form that I think you guys created just a Yeah. Generic form. So I went ahead and pulled that, and I ran it through that. I was like, okay. Well, this is a lot closer. At least it was picking up on those psychotic symptoms. If you look at my Island Life it I don't think it really mentions that. It, like, talks a lot about o And then if you look at this, it talks a lot about OCD. And there were some ruminating were things like that, you know, clinically. But, clearly, if you look at the transcript and you look at this intake, it much better you know, is a much better picture of what actually transpired. And I I'm not really sure. I'm not really understanding why it was very I feel like it was pretty clear in the in in the in, you know, in the discussion in the appointment the things that he was struggling with that were clearly delusions, hallucinations, this and that. But somehow, it's it didn't pick it it didn't pick it up, and I'm like, I'm starting to question, like, am I not I'm try I've definitely changed the way that I speak in appointments because I found that I have to kinda say things out loud that I normally didn't have to to make sure that if picked up, which is not a problem. But I don't know if you have, like, maybe I don't know if you have clinical people or if you have what type of people have it. It would just be interesting if you wanted to look at those and look at the transcript and kinda go, why didn't it pick up that psychotic features and the psychotic stuff?
Nathan Peereboom: Can I make a recommendation? Because we do hear this from time to time.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Okay.
Nathan Peereboom: You click the record button at the top of the screen?
Tracey Sanderbeck: Okay. Record. Yes.
Nathan Peereboom: Yep. Okay. So when you go to the recorder page, psychotics stuff is just, like, super, super, super hard for our software to pick up because the line between someone just telling their story and being psychotic it's, like, very hard for AI to kinda tell the difference. Here's what we recommend. In the session recordings and notes, see that place that says start typing here?
Tracey Sanderbeck: Yes.
Nathan Peereboom: You should this is during the encounter. You should explicitly say, I, as the clinician, believe that, like, you know, the the patient is having some psychotic or delusional narrative.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Okay.
Nathan Peereboom: Because that will, like, frame the entire encounter correctly. Without that, it's very, very hard because we're also not really trying to make a lot of medical judgments. We're trying to kind of you know, record what happens, record what's said, respect the narrative of everyone from any different background and way of life. And so so if you believe that there's psychosis, if you believe that there's delusion, it really, really has to come out explicitly in the recording session and notes. It doesn't have to be long, but just something to that effect.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Okay. So when I'm typing it here, when I'm typing it there, is it going to go into the notes somehow, or do I have to add this to the notes somehow?
Nathan Peereboom: No. So what happens a great question. All of the session recordings and notes are synthesized into the text of the visit. So it's all just getting bunched together and pushed into a note. But it's interacting dynamically with the actual, like, audio.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Okay. So now here's my question. To trick the system, I don't know if this would be possible. Would it could I like, you know, now I'm behind the eight ball. Right? It's the recording's already done, and I can't do anything about it. Could I, like, cut and paste the the not the narrative, but what the transcript in here and then regenerate it using you know, like, the psychiatric Yep. I could do that, and then it would pick up all that stuff.
Nathan Peereboom: Sure. I mean, you can also add dictations. I don't know if you see that little plus sign. Do you ever add do you ever add additional, like, notes or recordings? So you can add as many recordings as you want. You know, as many notes as you want. So some people do a predicative predication and a post dictation as well as the encounter audio being in there.
Nathan Peereboom: So I Yeah.
Tracey Sanderbeck: You And then I would just talk, and then it would add it to the notes somehow.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. So here we click start recording right now. I'll just show you how this works.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Alright. I gotta pick a patient.
Nathan Peereboom: No. Don't worry about it. This is just it's just to show you the the functionality. Okay. So we're just gonna, like, let this roll for, you know, whatever. It's gonna take, like, thirty seconds or so in order for it to register. That this is a patient and this is a dictation and blah blah blah. Words, words, words, words, words. Okay. So let's let's click stop. Now.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Okay.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay. Awesome. So that's gonna pop down. Now I want you to click start recording again. At the top. Just this exact same button that you clicked before.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Yes.
Nathan Peereboom: Cool. Now imagine that the previous recording had been a you know, an encounter. Imagine the patient leaves the room, and you just, like, wanna, like, add in your own commentary. So you're like, hey. You know, I just note this patient. He's having some you know, I read in his chart x, y, and z. There's this letter from his mom. You know, whatever it is.
Nathan Peereboom: And then you click stop.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Okay. Stop.
Nathan Peereboom: And then you're gonna see it's gonna pop down to sessions and recordings. Now you've got two audio files that are both feeding into the generation of the note.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Oh, so then when I click generate note, it's gonna pull all of this and put it somehow into the note.
Nathan Peereboom: Yep.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Okay. Alright. Very good. So what you're saying is the where AI is struggling this is great. I didn't know that I could do this because sometimes it it would be nice to yeah. So I could see where I could use this. I didn't know. So where you're saying that it's struggling with so AI is looking at it just so I understand, AI is looking at it as a fact, like a patient stating that, you know, people can read my mind and they can read my thoughts. And, yes, I did think, you know, yeah, I believed that was Jesus, and I I believed that was the Buddha, but logically, I know that's not true, but at the time, I believe it. So AI is looking at that, and they're going, this is this person's truth and reality. It it AI cannot make a determination. Like, this is not normal. This is clearly a psychotic belief or delusion. Right?
Nathan Peereboom: No. It can't. It can. It's the thing to understand about our system Trace, is we've had to make a lot of choices about how involved to be in clinical recommendations. You know? Our decision as a company has been we're not gonna we're kind of gonna stay away from that for right now. We're gonna make a lot of strong claims about billing. A lot of strong claims about how to run your practice. But but when it comes to actually deciding diagnoses or, you know, evaluating the patient, we're gonna kind of ask the clinician to be the primary agent that drives that. It's not that AI can't do it. There are other AI models and we could have tuned ours to be, like, a little bit more discriminating there. Just have made the decision not to be.
Tracey Sanderbeck: You want that input. I mean, you still I I mean, I don't want to just that's why some people are just like, yeah. I just cut and paste a note. I'm like, I have to read every single note That's what people don't understand. As I read every single note, and I fix it and I tweak it because I find stuff in there that is, like, okay. Where did this come from? This was not said. This wasn't true. This wasn't whatever. And then it it spits out these diagnoses, and I'm like, yeah. No. Not the not not all of those fit or whatever. So I go in and I fix a note. But it still captures so much and it still saves me time.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Yeah. Alright.
Nathan Peereboom: Exactly. That's the dream. Yeah. I mean, I think, eventually, we'll probably have it so that people can choose the level of involvement. And we do wanna, at some point, participate in clinical support Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: I I mean, I We we just have to you know, we we just wanna we wanna be great at what we do, and we wanna not do what we're not great at.
Tracey Sanderbeck: And the thing is is you wanna be great at certain things, and you cannot be great at everything right from the beginning. I mean, when do you Eventually. You guys what what do you hear? Two years ago. Right. And look at I mean, just in the time that I've been, I I think it's been a year. It's probably approaching a year. Well, not yet. But, I mean, just the leaps and bounds that you've made, and the way that you've done it and I think it's very careful and thoughtful the way that you've done it, which it it just I don't know. It just says a lot about, you know, you you guys are a company, and I appreciate that. But just like you said, you can't be know, let's get let's get really good at this, this, and this. And then you know, then we'll we'll go from there. You know? I Exactly. Alright. Did you Exactly. Exactly. Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: So Perfect.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Yeah. So that's good. But, yeah, if you I don't know. So now it kinda makes sense. I guess you don't wanna at you don't need to look at that note, but I didn't know if it was just me or if there was, like, No.
Nathan Peereboom: No. It's not just you. It's a pretty reasonable, you know, frustration at least.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Okay.
Tracey Sanderbeck: I mean, I I got I got fairly close with that other template, and that's one of the other things is, like, looking at my templates would probably be helpful because I'm not sure why my Island Life Mental Health psychiatric eval looks fairly different from the Yeah. You know, that generalized one that you kind of generic one. It seemed like that was much better. So now, like, do I just switch to the generic one? I don't know. I'm working on that. But Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: Well, we know, one of the first things we'll do is try and tune your templates because, I mean, that's at the at the 4% like, space, that's kind of where we provide the most value. And so we're gonna get in the weeds with you on that. Okay?
Tracey Sanderbeck: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: Alright. Perfect. Good.
Tracey Sanderbeck: And I'm I'm excited about this. And yeah. So good. So I I've got everything. You're gonna email me that. You're gonna email me this recording and the thing. You're gonna email to me the list of stuff. And then I have a meeting with Adam on Monday, and I'll start working on getting this paperwork together. And, yeah, I think we're we're good.
Nathan Peereboom: Awesome. Tracy, thank you so much. I'm really excited.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Alright. I am too. Yeah. And like I said, if you need any clinical input or you you know, I think I I met with that lady that one time, the other lady, and she was asking me, I don't mind helping out. I mean, I'm not asking for you to pay me, but if, I mean, if I can give you my feedback or help in a clinical way or whatever, just ask me. I'll be happy to help you.
Nathan Peereboom: Well, one thing that might be really fun is we have a clinical advisory board It meets once a month, and we basically just show flashes of, like, the newest stuff, like, a month or two early. Yeah. And it's fun because you're with other clinicians, and you everyone's just chiming in and disagreeing and, like, it's kinda bantery. Would you like me to add you our clinical advisory board? That's, like, a really fun position to be in.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Yeah. I would like that. That would be fun. Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: And the way that we do it is there's never any pressure to join. We, like we put these meetings on the calendar. If you can make it, you know, in any given month, great. And if not, there's just no pressure. A lot of people will put this, like, on their LinkedIn because it's, like, kinda cool to be like, a clinical advisory at a you know, an AI company. But I'm just adding you now. Okay. Saved. Yeah. Next one's Saint Patrick's Day, and you're welcome to join.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Very good. Yeah. If I could like I said, if I can help out, you know, from you know, I know you guys aren't clinical, but if I can you know, like I said, I don't expect anything in return. Bet if, you know, if if you ever had wanted a clinical you know, question or whatever. I'm I'm just ask me. I'm happy to help. So Alright.
Nathan Peereboom: Well, that means a ton to us. And, yeah, we probably will take you up on that.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Okay. Yeah. Anytime. Know, it's, however. And I'll be happy to help. But, yeah, thank you for adding me to that. Yeah. I'll I'll look forward to doing that. Alright. Well, as always, nice to see you. I appreciate your time, and, I'm excited.
Nathan Peereboom: Me too. Awesome. Thank you, Tracy. Take care.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Take care. Uh-huh. Thank you. Bye bye.
Nathan Peereboom: Alright. Bye bye.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Bye. Stop sharing.