Lisa Harris: Was so vague that I kind of, you know, I looked it over, made myself some notes, kind in things that I need to know. Like anytime I've ever tried to do a different billing platform, there was a lag time between the payers coming on board with whatever platform the new company is using. So. And with some it's fairly immediate. With others, you know, it takes months. So there you are not being able to bill some of the pairs for a couple of months because you have to have all those permissions. Since I wasn't really able to when I went through the job site pro, the billing information that they have online, it. It really didn't tell me how the process works. Like how if I wanted to run an aging report, how would that look? Yeah. And of the rates that you are charging, are you charging my cat? Charging against my cash paypayers. I don't have a very big cash pay base. But you know, that's still, I think will end up being a lot bigger part of my practice as one of the practices here in town is about to go down in flames because she's an idiot. It didn't address how you get your fee. Some companies want all the payments to go to them and then transfer them to me. Some don't want anything to do with that. Everything still is on an EFT that comes straight to my accounts and they bill out of that. So I mean there's a little things that would. And personally I'm all for it. That's. I realized that your time was limited when we first discussed it.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah.
Lisa Harris: So some of those questions were coming up.
Nathan Peereboom: And well, let's, let's talk through all of them specifically. And Lisa, I can tell that you, you're just like a very, you're a careful, smart person. You read these contracts in a way that most people don't. And so most people, when we write the contract, we're just like, well, we want it to be like super simple and straightforward and most people appreciate that. But ultimately, like we are willing to custom and we already customized your contract for you based on the carve out on the buy and bill medication. So let's just walk through each of these terms and if we can agree to them also. Let me put this down. Sorry. If we can agree to them, then, you know, I would love to, you know, move forward. And if, if we can't do something that you're asking of us, I'll tell you because we, you're right, we don't. I'm. We're all super, super time constrained. And so I don't want to waste your time and like, you know, promise you something that you're not going to be excited about. So let's just walk through all of these terms and let's see if we can get to a place that we're on the same page about.
Lisa Harris: Okay.
Nathan Peereboom: So. Okay, well, I'll just work backwards through some of them. Payment. So the way that we do payment is if you want us to do reconciliation between what you get paid in your bank account and what is, you know, promised in the era, then we do ask that you route the money through jot Psych. We have, we set up a special bank account for you and then we remit it because that's the only way we can do transact. We don't want to get involved in like having everyone's bank accounts like login and all that. Not interesting to us. So if you want us to do that reconciliation, then we do need to have visibility over the bank account. If not though, all we need is the era. And the ERA should sit in shots like anyways because, you know, that's the only, like we have to track where the claims go. So, so in that case we would probably just like on a monthly basis just charge you the, you know, the percentage we agreed to on the successful collections per the ERA and then, and then the money that you could keep your bank account like the money going straight to your eft or whatever in terms of patient payments. The only question is who's managing them. So again, at that 8%, you know, Bill rate, if we're managing patient payments if we're talking to your patients, if we're, like, you know, submitting them and, like, organizing patient payments, then, you know, well, then that rate applies to, you know, that management rate applies to that. But you already have free patient payments in jot Psych, and we're not planning to change the pricing on that. So if you just charge through jobs, like, there's a credit card fee that stripe takes, but we don't take anything. We make zero money on any payment that you request from a patient. Through that. So if you're wanting to do your own, like, you're willing to just charge every time, totally fine. We won't touch patient payments. We'll just do pay, like billing for payers. So let's see. So I want to. Okay. And then another thing that you asked was implementation and how long it takes. That's really dependent on your payer. I mean, and it's also dependent on how fast you can move. We, if you give us your payer contract and we can go into the payer portal and just like sign up as like the, like the company submitting your paying. We've, we've gone from MSA to submitting billing in a week. We just did that with a, a doctor out in California. So our speed is like super, super, super fast. Really, it's dependent on the speed of you and the payer. And like, you know, some payers are slower than others, but that's like, I mean, we can move as fast as you move. If you have the contracts, if you're willing to like let us sign into like Blue Cross Blue Shield and just like, you know, like attest to the fact that we're the payer, then we can, we can in three days start, start billing for you. So it's really. You control the speed on that side. So Let me pause there. 1. Did that answer most of what you were curious about and to anything that you want to like, push back on or like, you know, talk through question, you say successful collections. Yes.
Lisa Harris: What does that mean? Does that mean the, you know, the. Which I'm assuming it means the total payment for whatever visit. Does that also include my cash payments?
Nathan Peereboom: Not if we're not managing your cash pay patients. So if you're doing cash pay and we're not involved in the cash pay part, we don't take anything on cash pay.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, so it's successful collections. Is the collections that we are managing that you're saying to us, hey, I want you to submit them, I want you to follow them, I want you to be vigilant about them. So that's it. We're not, we're not charging for something we're not doing.
Lisa Harris: Okay, so with that, then the 90 cent eligibility fee that you charge for each encounter if necessary, Can add up. But does your system have. Because of the new bull crap from Marketplace and you know, you can pull up a Blue Cross Blue Shield patient and then it'll say, In this weird note in the middle of it said, yeah, they're eligible, this is their copay, blah, blah, blah.
Lisa Harris: But then there'll be a note in the middle of it that says, well, this patient is in their grace period and we cannot guarantee payment. So before, before a few weeks ago, my staff was looking at it as, okay, they're eligible, blah, blah, blah. But then hereafter, people get services in January or so, then they stop paying their payments on their insurance, so it all gets taken back. But because they have that little note in the middle of the eligibility, oh, they're in their grace period. We're having to, we're having to treat those as cash payers. Have you run across this?
Nathan Peereboom: We, I mean, we of course know about this grace period thing. The exact way that people deal with it is slightly different. There are some clinics that say, hey, we just don't. We've done the grace period thing before. We're not doing it. You got to be outside your grace period for us to see you at least for the first time. Some people are like, well, if it's a repeat patient, I can metabolize the grace period. Some people are like, grace period equals cash pay. We don't make that decision for you. We'll tell you, you know, we'll show you what the eligibility fine print is, because whenever we do fine print, it's binary. Like, are they active or not? What CPT codes are being covered? And then three. What's the fine print? Like, those are the three things that we look for. And so we'll tell you the fine print, but that's really your call as a, at a policy level, it's not really ours.
Lisa Harris: Okay. And do you keep up with the caqhs for eligibility or, or any. Yeah. Do any credentialing?
Nathan Peereboom: Yep. So we have a full credentialing service. It's not included in the billing service. The way that we price credentialing is it's $150 per month per clinician that we're keeping up their, their credentialing for. There's. If you want us to actually get clinicians credential, that's a separate cost. But maintaining like the credentialing is $150 a month.
Lisa Harris: Okay.
Nathan Peereboom: And that's just like standard market rate because, like, there's all sorts of, you're, you know, there's all sorts of complex monitoring and following up and checking it. There's actually a ton of paperwork with it.
Lisa Harris: So, yeah, I keep up with my own. So I know. Yeah, it sucks, but yeah, it does suck. Every time I have to renew a liability insurance and blah, blah.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah.
Lisa Harris: And what is your credentialing? With the payer look like it's.
Nathan Peereboom: So to get started, it's a $350. Like, you know, we're gonna start and like look at your documents and then it's. I think it's like $300 per payer that you want to be credentialed with.
Lisa Harris: Okay, that sounds about on par with other companies.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. I mean, Lisa, our entire pricing philosophy is we just price middle of the road. Like, we don't do anything special with pricing. We just provide 10x service at like market price.
Lisa Harris: Okay. So. I like it. I like it a lot. I think that it's important. What would be our needs on my end for Shatteris to. To do bill outstanding claims that didn't get put in or that, you know, something happened or we didn't collect a copay or there was.
Nathan Peereboom: But we coinsurance. We'll go back in time for you. We actually have done this with a few of our is now we started. Since you and I talked, we now have like a slew of these, like, you know, billing clients. And one of the things that people like to ask us to do at the beginning is actually just go and like fill out the billing for like all the encounters that have not yet been billed for. So I don't think you guys need to do that. That seems like a perfect first step for us if. If you want to move forward. So if you want to move forward, what I would recommend is, you know, we take over any kind of claim that's outstanding. We probably come down and visit you and do like a training and we collect your paradox and any kind of updates. Like, even if you're like, hey, these things are four years old, like, someone needs to go find them. Like, let us go do that search for you. Like, Lisa, I. I've seen your data. You're busy. You got a lot going on. You're. You. You should not be. You know, you didn't get into this field to do like keeping up credentialing and all the paperwork and chasing pairs and sitting on the phone for 45 minutes. That's what we love. We love it. That's like our thing. We just want to do more of it. And I know that seems ridiculous, but truly that's like what we're excited about. We've built the entire company around that exact set of activities. And it comes from a personal place. Like, my mom and dad are both in medicine. My mom's a nurse practitioner. And I'm like, I started this company because I was just like, this is not where people like my mom should be spending time. So if you want us to. If you want to move forward, that's what I would recommend.
Lisa Harris: I do want to move forward.
Nathan Peereboom: Well, why don't we do this?
Lisa Harris: You ask numbers here. No, that's fine. Looking at notes that I've made. Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: What I'm going to do is I'm going to go revisit your msa. I'm going to, I'm going to take everything that you and I have discussed, and I'm going to put some more meat on the bones in terms of specifying what we've talked about. Okay. Yeah. And I'm gonna send that back to you. If you, if you read it and you sign it, like, awesome, like, we're ready to rock and roll. And, and if not, like, no worries. Like, we're around. You know, we're here. We love what we do. We're not planning to go away or sell the company or anything like that. Like, this is a big project for us. So. So there's also no pressure. You know, we're, we're, we're fine regardless, and we're here to, like, make this a good experience for you. Okay.
Lisa Harris: Okay.
Nathan Peereboom: In terms of next steps besides the msa, do you want me to put, do you want me to put a tentative time on for us to onboard you? And that way, like, you know, if you, if you cancel the msa, we'll just cancel the meeting. But do you want to have an onboarding time on the schedule just so we can get rocking and rolling?
Lisa Harris: Yes.
Nathan Peereboom: All right, perfect. So let's do. How does next week at 2:30pm Eastern Sound to you?
Lisa Harris: Let me look in my calendar. Like a certain day next week or just. Oh, I'm sorry, Wednesday.
Nathan Peereboom: Wednesday? Yeah. I want all of your two 30s for the whole week.
Nathan Peereboom: No, no, just Wednesday. How does Wednesday sound?
Lisa Harris: Wait, this is the wrong way. Yeah, I have somebody that does this. Let's see, Con one. What kind of time to block out?
Nathan Peereboom: Let's do, let's do an hour and a half. I know that's long, but I think, again, this is just me reading you as a person. Lisa, tell me if I'm wrong. But you just, you're a detail oriented person. You kind of want the whole thing, right?
Lisa Harris: Yeah, I, you know, I'm, I'm extremely cautious. I look at people's body language, I listen to every word they say. And so, yeah, that's what I do. So. Yes. 2:30 can work next week. And I'll have Jesse make it happen.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, great.
Lisa Harris: Because she. Yeah, I try not to screw around in my schedule unless she's aware of it. So I'm gonna put this in here, and she'll do all the different moving around that she needs to do. She's good like that.
Nathan Peereboom: Perfect. Perfect. Okay, so I'm going to say drop bill kickoff. Lisa Harris. I'm gna send this to you, Lisa. I'll add chitarus on this and I'm going to say send. Send. Okay, great. So I just put that on. I'm excited. I'm going to send you this msa. We'll get it all buttoned up and we can go from there. Okay?
Lisa Harris: Okay, sounds good.
Nathan Peereboom: Great. Hey, thank you so much. We're really, really excited. One last thing. I do want to just, like, make sure that we do get. I mean, if we move forward with this, I do want to make sure that we. If you. If you want, come down and actually spend some time with your team and, like, give you guys, like, just the whitest glove care that we possibly can do you. Would you be willing to just look at your calendar at some point over the next week and just send us, like, a few dates where, like, if we flew down and we don't charge for this at all, like, this is something we. We do because we love it and because we learn from it, would you be willing to give us, like, a day, sometime in, like, March or April that we could come down and visit you?
Lisa Harris: Sure.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay. All right. Perfect.
Lisa Harris: I can make that happen.
Nathan Peereboom: All right, Sounds good. Anything else before I depart? Anything else that you guys want me to think about?
Lisa Harris: Remember, do two odd questions.
Nathan Peereboom: Sure.
Lisa Harris: Did you grow up with both parents?
Nathan Peereboom: Huh? I did.
Lisa Harris: Did you have a happy childhood?
Nathan Peereboom: I had a very good childhood. Yeah. I feel very lucky. I really do. Yeah. That's a beautiful question to ask. That's probably the first time I've been asked on one of these calls.
Lisa Harris: That's the first two questions I normally ask any two patients, and it leads me from there.
Nathan Peereboom: Did you grow up with both parents?
Lisa Harris: No.
Nathan Peereboom: Did you have a happy childhood?
Lisa Harris: No. That's why I don't have children.
Nathan Peereboom: Oh, yeah. Wow.
Nathan Peereboom: That leads you from there, isn't it? Yeah, I suppose. Yeah, I suppose.
Lisa Harris: Anytime you're. I don't know, if you're married, dating or whatever. But anytime you are meeting a new person that you might want to have a romantic relationship with, those are the two questions you need to ask.
Nathan Peereboom: Lisa, if I didn't have a meeting right now, I would.
Nathan Peereboom: I would just want to ask all the other things that come behind that. But. But I appreciate the advice.
Nathan Peereboom: I need all the dating advice I can get. Ok. It works. All right. Well, thank you so much. It's a beautiful thing to just wonder about a stranger. So thank you.
Lisa Harris: You're welcome. I'll see you soon.
Nathan Peereboom: All right. Take care.
Lisa Harris: By.