Nathan Peereboom: Nora. Ravi, how are you?
anoraca: Hi. How are you doing? Happy Friday.
Nathan Peereboom: Happy Friday. Nice to meet you. Nice to meet you. Where in the US Are you guys located?
anoraca: We are in phoenix. That's your Phoenix area.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay. All right.
anoraca: How about you?
Nathan Peereboom: So we're in Washington, D.C. it's so nice to meet you. My name is Nate. I'm the CEO and co founder of JOT Psych. And we always like to start these calls just by asking. Bring me into your world. Tell me about the clinic you run. Tell me about what kind of clients. And patients, you see. And what made you interested in jots like.
anoraca: Do you want to take that one, Dr. Narayan, or do you want me to do it?
Nathan Peereboom: I think you're muted.
anoraca: Oh, yeah. Is your audio out?
Ravi Narine: Is that better?
anoraca: Yes.
Nathan Peereboom: Perfect. Yes.
Ravi Narine: All right. These settings always change every time we use a different platform.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, that's right.
Ravi Narine: I know you can take it. And I can add anything that I feel needs to be added. Because it's a lot.
anoraca: Yeah, it's a lot. So selfless. Behavioral health. We have about a thousand employees. And we're all over Arizona. We have about 40, 45 or so medical psych providers. And so we're looking for an AI scribe tool to help them with their documentation, generating notes, coding assistant, that sort of thing. Our EHR browser is browser based. It's a product called Axiom. It's pretty niche product. They don't have a ton of customers, mostly in Arizona. So we're really just sort of looking for an AI product that's easy to use specifically for our medical psych providers. Our ehr. It recommends billing codes for our psych providers, but probably. I think we tend to undercode maybe our services. So we're looking for something that can really help with coding appropriately to increase our revenue. Hopefully we can save them time as well. And we have a lot of. Therapists as well. But I think, again, we're looking for something a little bit more directed for our psych providers. We do outpatient, we do inpatient residential. We do Medicaid assistance treatment. We do all sorts of things. So, Dr. Norai, what did I leave out?
Ravi Narine: Yeah. So we have SMI members, we have general mental health, we have adults, we have kids. We have nearly every line of service you can think in mental health. We have residential, inpatient, outpatient. The AI scribe is going to have to be able to work in all these different settings. Somewhat adjustable to the different settings have different coatings and different documenting parameters too.
Nathan Peereboom: What is brought about the interest in AI Scribe now? I mean, AI Scribes have been around for a little while. Was there a precipitating event or a moment that made everyone say, hey, this is the time?
Ravi Narine: Well, our current vendor was working on their own AI scribe to implement with the EMR that we have. So that would have been the easiest kind of thing, the easiest route to go. But they have subsequently been bought out. There are new company. We don't even know when it's going to be ready for testing, if it's going to be ready. So we know this technology is moving very fast. There's a lot of vendors out there now, and we're starting to explore what our options are, seeing that the timeline to get it up and running with our current EMRs, it's not on your horizon.
Nathan Peereboom: I understand. When you think. Well, actually, before we go further into your environment, can you both just kind of help me understand who you are? So, Dr. Noreen. Yeah? We'd love to hear a little bit about how you fit into the tapestry. Andora, same thing. We'd love to understand your position at the organization.
Ravi Narine: I am the chief medical officer for the company. And an R is our chief. She's our head of it.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, great. And when you've been looking at AI scribes, what have you liked and what have you disliked so far?
Ravi Narine: We haven't done a whole lot yet. You guys are the second company we're meeting with. I have a little bit of hope that you guys will be able to meet our needs, because I know I spoke to one of the leaders over at Mojave Mental Health, which is up in Mojave county. In Arizona, and they recommended this platform, actually. I think they might be already using.
Nathan Peereboom: We know and love Mojave much. Do you know Stephen Corona?
Ravi Narine: Does that mean as the one I talked to?
Nathan Peereboom: Well, I'll say this to you. One of the reasons why I think Stephen probably likes working with us is that we always like to come out and visit our customers. So we've actually spent a few days with him out of his facility. And what's great about that is we're kind of a white glove software provider. And so we've learned from him. And we've changed our software in large part in response to things that he specifically asked for. Before I go into Spiel and show you guys jots like. How do you make decisions as an organization? What is the process here? Because I want to make sure that I'm giving you all the information you need, and I'm working within kind of the way that you all think about the world.
Ravi Narine: Anari, you want to take that one?
anoraca: Yeah.
anoraca: So what I think our plan is is that we're going to talk to a few vendors, we're going to get price estimates. Right, do a comparison of the features of the different products. We'd have to make sure it's going to work with our system as well. I haven't talked to Dr. Norina since after our last meeting, but we're going to have to probably likely make some customizations with it, our own EHR software to accommodate an AI, an AI assist like this. So we've got to get some things sort of lined up, but based on kind of what the information tells us. I think we're pretty quick to be able to move forward and make decisions. We're not having to adhere to any sort of fiscal calendar year or anything like that. It just really comes down to the time it takes for us to meet with folks and pull the information together.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, okay. In terms of what's helpful today, I'd love to just give you an introduction to jocks. Like, show you how the software basically works, just give you a taste what it would be like to be inside of it. Anything else that you want me to make sure that I cover. I just don't want to leave anything off the table before we finish up. And I know you mentioned price. I assume that you all will want to do, like a pilot program, is that right?
Ravi Narine: Yeah. Yes. We would like to test it out first before doing any sort of implementation. For sure.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay?
Ravi Narine: We want to make sure the functionality is there and it has to be less cumbersome and seamless in the way it's being used. The problem is our EMR is a web based program. It's not like a program that you run on, kind of standalone program. We use the websites to do the documentation, so it has to be able to function on that end, and we want it to be able to be a plug and play and not have providers have to copy and paste over.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, great. We have a Chrome extension that if you use a browser based ehr, can drop the note into your ehr. I don't have the Chrome extension on my computer. It's like the beta product. But I'd be happy to set you up to see that in the flesh if that's helpful, okay? Great. Perfect. Well, let me tell you a little history about the company, because I think it sort of helps to understand how our software developed the way it did. So I grew up in a medical family. My mom's a nurse practitioner, my dad's an oncologist. And I always knew about this note taking morass. I knew that it took a huge amount of time. My parents were up until all the hours of the morning and night doing their charting. And so I started jot Psych with my best friend from college explicitly to fix the time problem. That was the thing that we were really focused on. So for the first year or so, all we did was we asked the question, how do we create the best software for clinicians to save their time? On their note taking. And we decided we're only going to do behavioral health, and we're going to do all sorts of things within behavioral health. We're going to do integrated medicine as well, but we're not going to try and do orthopedic surgery or some of these other fields. We're going to be really focused, know behavioral health. And what we discovered was that the reason why people hired us to do notes. Was actually primarily for billing. They wanted their notes to be coherent with the CPT codes that they build for. And they wanted the node to be defensible in the situation and audit. So what we did with that realization was we have developed an AI Scribe. That is really centered around the idea of a course saving your clinician's time and being really clinician friendly, but being your shield against the onslaught of hair audits, pair denials and claim complication. Now, what that means is that some clinics use us as their outsourced billing company. But you don't have to. What you're going to see, though, in the software is that it's built. For folks like a chief medical officer to do really thorough chart reviews at a medical level. And it's built for any billing team to be able to see what's going on in the notes. And how do we coach our team to be more and more compliant? So that's the history. I guess. I will start out just by giving you guys the overview in this deck. So, as I mentioned, we're an AI engine. Our goal is that we turn every behavioral health note into revenue. And we are uniting the scribing worlds or the documentation world with billing intelligence. So our goal is, every note is audit proof, every claim is accurate, every clinician gets paid for their care. I know this is probably, like, an important slide for you. I can send it later. I won't go through all of our HIPAA compliance. It's the bread and butter. Health grade software, healthcare grade software stack that you know and love. Here's the thing to. Know when we go and work with clinics. Our belief is that our product is the best sales material we have. And so we're really, really excited about people just trying job psych. And what we do with our pilot perms is we say to ourselves, most of the people we serve are very quantitative. They went to medical school, they had, you know, they're in a world where, you know, they work with people, they go to conferences where there's evidence based presentations. They care about the evidence, they care about the data. And so what we try and do is with every pilot program, we produce a case study. And what the case study asks is three things. 1. How much time are clinicians saving? Two, how does the quality of the note change? And three, how does the speed of submission change? And so this is just one example. It's a large clinic that does a variety of different services, some of which I think overlap with yours in the Washington, D.C. virginia, Maryland area. And what we found was that clinicians saved between one and a half, two hours. 80% of clinicians claim that their notes didn't get better, but instead got significantly better, and there was a 60% decline in the speed of or improvement in the speed of submission. So, again, I can send this through, but that's kind of like the basic thing that we're going for in the pilot program. Any questions there before we get in? I just show you the software.
anoraca: No, not for me.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay?
Nathan Peereboom: So welcome to jobs like this is this is the software. I'm going to start out with templates. So y'all mentioned. Hey, we're a facility that does a lot of different kinds of care. And that's something that we are extremely sensitive to. So we have this amazing template builder where no matter what you have in your current ehr, you can just drop a template in or you can, you can pay us to build it. And what we'll do is we'll create a template that follows the exact structure of your current note, and we can add in different sections. Again, this is all very behavioral health specific, so you can add in whatever you find pertinent in your note. When you go to make a recording. You select the appointment type, you select a patient, and what you're delivered is this great ad where you can obviously create a recording, but you can do dictations, you can do predictations, post dictations, you can, you know, actually, you know, of course, record the encounter. You can put notes that you want to include in the note, but you don't want to say out loud. And you can also see what's going on with the patient from last visit. When you go to actually go back.
Ravi Narine: One sec.
anoraca: Sure.
Ravi Narine: Where. Where is this data being pulled from?
Nathan Peereboom: So. Great question. So when you select a patient. It's being pulled from the patient record. Yeah.
Ravi Narine: The patient record in jot site.
Nathan Peereboom: Yep, that's right.
Ravi Narine: Okay? Not the patient. Emr.
Nathan Peereboom: No.
Ravi Narine: If you've seen a patient before and this is your second visit, Exactly. It's going forward.
Nathan Peereboom: Exactly.
Ravi Narine: If it's a new patient, all of this is going to be. Blocked.
Nathan Peereboom: All that's going to be blank for your new patients. Now, one thing I will say is that we are happy to do data pullover. So if you wanted to just start out with jots, like fully like, you know, all your patient data already in jot psych, even if you're still using your other ehr. That's really easy for us. So we'd be happy to bring your data over. So it did start out with with all the context.
Ravi Narine: Anora. Do we have that? That we can do that?
anoraca: I don't. Well, it. I don't know. I'm not sure.
Nathan Peereboom: Your EHR is mandated to allow for exporting and downloading a patient data. There's no EHR in the United States that legally can harbor your data.
Ravi Narine: I'm just wondering if they're going to charge us for that, because they. I think. I'm guessing they store the data that we don't store it on any servers that we have, right?
anoraca: No, we don't. I mean, we can pull reports just sort of. It depends what data elements you're looking at, like. It depends.
Ravi Narine: Depends what?
anoraca: What you need to pull in.
Nathan Peereboom: We've done this for many clinics. No EHR has ever been allowed to charge for an export. That's something that we've never seen.
Ravi Narine: Is that data is what's in databricks.
anoraca: What data are we looking at specifically?
Ravi Narine: What are the elements patients like BHMP record data?
anoraca: It's not going to contain details of notes or anything like that. It may pull dates of service, encounter, billing codes, things like that. Those are the things that we're capturing in databricks.
Ravi Narine: All right. Okay, so we'll. We'll have to talk about that.
Nathan Peereboom: We're also happy to look at it for you again. We, we work with tons of clinics who ask us to, like, pull their data. And one of the things we do, actually, as an introduction is a data analysis of the current, like, billing situation of a clinic. Clinics often find that really helpful. Because a lot of people don't know exactly what's going on with their billing. And so we as part of, you know, allowing folks to get to know us as a company and understand our software. We'll frequently do this exact thing where we get a log into your ehr, we pull all the data, we do an analysis on it, and then we present it to your leadership team so we can talk about that. I want to show you the note. One of the things that you're going to notice about the jobs like Note is that one. It's hyper, hyper, hyper customizable. So we already talked about templates, but you can also change your Note however you want in this side panel. But the other thing, and I think this is what you're going to really love, is that based on the transcript, will actually tell you what we think the code should be. And then we'll audit the note based on that. Based on the particular pair rules around that CPT code. So this is amazing because what it allows you to do as a company. Is it allows you to say, hey, we've got all these rules. For each rule. And, you know, I mean, I'll ask you, Dr. Noreen, how many chart reviews do you do? As a percentage of the charts that go out the door for you. How many chart reviews do you do every. Every week?
Ravi Narine: Well, we have. We have. We have. A peer review intro. We do an internal audit. Every month we have a different department that does that. But I audit the providers directly every six months. Five random charts for every single provider every six months. And we do a full audit on each one.
Nathan Peereboom: So the difference with jot audit is that you could run that audit every single day, on every single note, forever. So what's. What you're seeing here is that we, for this particular account, we've taken all the payer contracts and, you know, a bunch of rules from ama, cms, APA stuff. That we know, as well as some custom rules from the clinic. And we've created a very, very long list of rules that govern all the notes. And within any rule, you know, you can click in, you can see how compliance is changing over time. And you can also directly see violations. So you could, you know, go through and be like, hey, this note is missing an MDM statement or medical necessity statement. I want to reach out to that particular clinician. You can also look at it on a clinician basis. So you can go to clinicians and see how compliance scores and CPT match scores are being different. And you can, of course, like, double click into any of the data here. So the goal is to say, hey, the thing that you're doing on five notes every quarter or every six months. You want to. You. You are now able to do it across every single note, every single day, for every single clinician.
anoraca: How do these analytics tie in with the data retention policies? So, for example, if the data retention, let's say, hey, anything over 30 days old gets deleted, right? Does that affect the analytics? On. On the analytics.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. I mean, it will become a trailing 30 day statistic if you're deleting automatically. Yeah.
anoraca: Okay?
Nathan Peereboom: The other thing I want to mention is that there are certain things that you can do as gates as well. So you, for example, can have something where unless a clinician is attesting to the PDMP being reviewed, they can't sign the note. And what's great about that is, like, there are certain visits that, you know, you got to sign the pdmp. You know, if a prescription is being made, it's controlled substance. You have to do a PDMP review. A lot of times what happens is people get sloppy about this because, I mean, it makes sense. Totally understand. Clinicians are humans. And you develop this massive risk profile because you're submitting notes, the claims are getting approved. But why are the claims getting approved? Because the insurance company has now decided to audit the note. And when the insurance company audits the note, They are also using AI tools. They have their own version of this. Basically, you know, they build their own system that goes like this, and then they say, hey, let's go to every single note that had, like, no PDMP written, and we're going to reject every single claim. Because if a clinician doesn't attest to pdmp, we don't have to pay for the visit. That's a negligent visit. So, you know, the goal here is around reducing the risk of those moments. I want to just point out one other thing, and then I'm going to stop because I know that there's a lot here to take in. Last thing. When you do documentation, Notes are one part of it, they're not the whole part. You have a lot of other things that you send. You send forms. You send labs? And you probably send just, like, arbitrary documents, you know, maybe like fmla letter. And what you can do with Jotsyc is we've built an AI system that can look at the whole patient record. And create any arbitrary document based on that data. So letter writing, report writing, continuation of care writing, appeal letters. Everything can be written and structured in a way that is particular to the exact kind of, like, writing process that you need. So let me pause there. Any questions on the product before we talk about a pilot program?
anoraca: I've got some more questions. So on the lines of data retention, is it. Do we have customizable. Is it customizable for the customer on how long they want to retain the data?
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. So let's see. Okay, so let's talk data and security. So you we have a little package where we actually will give you, of course, the baa, but also complete customization around data retention. And we'll give you all of our insurance policies and things like that so that you have all the information, all the robust protection of those.
anoraca: Okay, so. And that looks like an add on, right? And add on to.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, that's.
anoraca: Without that, is it just unlimited, or is there just a blanket policy?
Nathan Peereboom: Without it, we keep your data for seven years if you sign a note. Which is the ehr requirement. And if you are not signing a note, we delete your notes. When you delete your account.
anoraca: Okay?
Nathan Peereboom: Which I think is pretty reasonable, but maybe I'm biased.
anoraca: Do you have more questions, Dr. Ryan? I've got more.
Ravi Narine: If you don't, you can go. The biggest one for me is going to be just doing the. The demonstration or pilot or, you know, an example. Of the Chrome browser add on. And how we can get the data, you know, pulled into the EHR the way we want it to be documented, basically. And that's, you know, that's not. That's easier said than done, based on how Axiom is set up and the fields are, you know, the way they work.
anoraca: Okay?
Nathan Peereboom: Let me. Just jump in for one sec. So I'm going to have to leave in, like, three minutes just because I have another meeting at the top of the hour. What I'm sensing is that we need more time together.
Nathan Peereboom: But I do want to leave you with just the menu of options for our pilot program. And I also want to make a recommendation to you. So we do three different kinds of pilot programs. You guys are a large facility. I think it would be a big mistake to not do the 46 week one. And the reason is because the 46 week pilot gets you dedicated customer support. Will build you custom templates and again will come out just like we did with Stephen Corona. We'll come out, we'll really spend time with you. And what's valuable about that is all these edge cases, all these things that you're trying to figure out about the workflow. We can help smooth that over. So that's the first recommendation? The second recommendation I would have is I would question the complexity of the copy and paste initially. So what we found is that administrators really think the copy and paste is going to be a problem. And basically, no clinicians find that to be true when they're using the software. Now, that could be. That could be different in your facility. And, you know, like, we are totally happy to sell you another, like, little sub. Product, but my recommendation is for the pilot. Don't do any integration. Don't do any real work. Just like clinicians. Use the product and see what they say. Now, again, you might be in a special situation, but every single time an administrator says to me, hey, we really care about integration, and I said, hey, just try to pilot without it. They never do the integration after, and they always convert. Like, they. The path is always like, hey, I'm shocked by how easy this is. So that would be my recommendation, but I think that we need more time. In order to, like, fully answer more of your questions, is that right?
Ravi Narine: Yeah, I think. I think we'll need. We'll definitely need another meeting. So that we can also give you some more information on why, you know, at least I think the copy and paste is not going to work, as I've worked with a lot of different EMRs. I built EMRs from when I started residency programs. So this EMR is very unique, I'll tell you that. Much and maybe giving you a little bit more insight. You might have some, some more, you know, you are the developer of this product and you might have some other insights or some other information for us that might, you know, might be very important. And it sounds like you, you know, the fact that Steven endorses this product, is a big deal because Mojave mental health works in the same space that we do. We are the third largest mental health provider in the state of Arizona. So let's just kind of, you know, let you know the size of our organization. So it's. It's not a small undertaking that we're about to do, so we want to make sure that we. We have the right product and, you know, it fits our needs really well.
Nathan Peereboom: I totally understand. Well, why don't we get some more time together? How do you feel about. Are you available? Monday at noon, My time. Nine, I think. You guys are Pacific time, right?
anoraca: We will be. Monday. We switch. Oh, yeah, we. We switch. Time zones changed on Sunday, right? This Sunday.
Ravi Narine: We are. We are mountain standard. So we don't change. Everybody else does.
anoraca: Right?
Nathan Peereboom: Right. Okay. Perfect. So 12. My time will be 10 years. Does that work for you?
Ravi Narine: Next Monday is a little too early for me. Do Wednesday 1 to Wednesday afternoon works best, right?
Nathan Peereboom: How about Wednesday at 2pm?
Ravi Narine: 2:00pm My 10th New Year time is going to be what time? It'll probably be. It'll probably need to be later because we are going to be, what, three hours apart?
anoraca: Next week.
Ravi Narine: So 2pm Your time will be 11am Ours. So that's not going to work anytime after one 30 hour time. So that'll be after 3:30 or 4:30 or 30.
Nathan Peereboom: Great. Okay, perfect. I will put on.
Ravi Narine: For 4:30.
Nathan Peereboom: 4:30 is great.
Ravi Narine: Okay?
Nathan Peereboom: Actually, can we do 4:45?
Ravi Narine: Yeah, that works.
Nathan Peereboom: All right, perfect. All right, I'm going to send this invite after. Doctor Marine Honora. It's great to meet you, and I'm really excited to talk on Wednesday, okay?
Ravi Narine: Sounds good.
Nathan Peereboom: All right, Take care. Thank you.
anoraca: Thanks. Bye.
Nathan Peereboom: Bye.