Beverly Curtis: A little bit of a slower week, but I'm all right with that. The week before was wild.
Adam Harrison: Yeah. Because you were just kind of getting back on your feet last week, right?
Beverly Curtis: Yeah. Yeah.
Adam Harrison: Great. Well, are you kind of back to your. Your former self now feeling?
Beverly Curtis: I am, yeah. I am. I'm doing much better, thank you. Yeah.
Adam Harrison: Okay, good to hear.
Adam Harrison: Good to hear. That's getting sick is always, always the worst, especially when you have a lot on your plate already of things to do. So.
Beverly Curtis: Glad to hear that. It didn't help that I. I went to a family reunion in over Martin Luther King weekend and you know, I have five children and nine grandchildren, so. So we stayed up late playing cards, you know, till 1 in the morning, you know, like, you know, four nights in a row. So I. I did it to myself.
Adam Harrison: Well, that's fun though.
Beverly Curtis: At least you have fun doing it. That's right. That's right.
Adam Harrison: So that's really nice. Well. Well great. Let me kind of dive into things right away if that's okay with you. First question, I guess you. Did you have a chance to connect with Becca? Did that all on the prescribing front? Any. Was that a helpful like conversation for you or was just curious how that went.
Beverly Curtis: I connected with Becca. I signed up for Dose Spot. What's interesting about Dose Spot is that know I've used a lot of prescribing apps, blah blah blah. It automatically it seems finds the individual's insurance even if they don't. Yeah. So like I just had a guy who signed up on Zoc doc said he was going to be self pay and I entered an M to do spot and. And then it has a spot where you can view his coverage and you get his plan. His coverage really nice whether he's covered or not because we need that for prior authorization for medications. I need the, you know, the plan details and sometimes you just don't get that with other prescribing apps. So this is. It's actually very nice. But pulled up this guy's insurance when I didn't have any information about that at all.
Adam Harrison: Okay, well that's great.
Beverly Curtis: Yeah.
Adam Harrison: Especially for the prior auths.
Beverly Curtis: Yeah, yeah, it's. It's really quite nice. So. And you know, I evaluated it. I mean I did a little, you know, search comparing the three different apps that I use for prescribing, which is what it is now.
Beverly Curtis: One in therapy notes, the one that I got. Sort of when I was in between electronic medical records and then this one and Dosebot actually came out on top in most areas, so. Interesting.
Adam Harrison: Okay. All right, that's good. Good to hear. I'm glad. We. We seem to have done our research and homework then on that one, so that's. That's great. I'm glad that's gonna be a good, good fit for you. Awesome. Well, I wanted to talk through a couple things today, more on the billing side of things. One was I saw you connected me over email with your credentialing team. It looks. It looks like they are working on. I sent them an email with kind of all the docs I need and they said they're working on it. So hopefully, you know, that comes back today and then we can get that loaded into your jsych account. So that would be. That would be great. But it looks like from the status tracker you sent, like a lot of your. Pretty much most of the. Or at least a good portion of the credentialing is like complete at this point.
Beverly Curtis: There is another tracker where there's at least four or five more that are not completed yet.
Adam Harrison: Is that different than this one?
Beverly Curtis: Yes, those are the ones that are. That. Yes, those are the ones that are completed. I didn't send you the ones that are still in limbo.
Adam Harrison: So these are just the completed ones.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, got it. Okay.
Beverly Curtis: Yeah.
Adam Harrison: Okay, perfect. Well, I should get that from Capline. Should send all of it to me, so. So no need. You know, I'm happy to just kind of like take things from there, but I may just. If they're not responding to me or something, I may just kind of like send you an email to be like, hey, Beverly, can you just, you know, give them kind of a friendly nudge? But they seem like they're. Have they been pretty responsive with working with you?
Beverly Curtis: Yeah, I'm the one that hasn't been responsive with them. I mean, they. I'm seeing patients, you know, and I can't, you know, they must call me 10 times and I, you know, I can't respond, so. So is the non responsive one is me? Yeah, they're pretty responsive and they're pretty quick. So.
Adam Harrison: Okay, that's perfect.
Beverly Curtis: There would be a delay there, but I did speak with them before I sent the invitation, so they knew that, you know, they. To expect something from you. So.
Adam Harrison: Okay, great.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, sorry, one second. Close this out.
Beverly Curtis: They are just so, you know, on the other side of the world.
Adam Harrison: So I think in terms of next steps there, once I get the documents from them. Where'd you go? There you are.
Beverly Curtis: Sorry, too many tabs.
Adam Harrison: Once I. Once I get those documents from them, we will have all the information of, you know, are you credentialed with your, you know, MPI1 or MPI2, like your individual MPI or an organization MPI? And is it under Beverly or is it under SideQuest or does it depend on the payer? So we'll get all of those, like, kind of details in order so that when we submit a claim, we know that it's not going to get denied for like a silly kind of administrative reasons reason like that. So that is what I just want to make sure I have on file for every payer. And I know also like, the effective date, so we can bill, you know, based on when it went into effect for, like, the patients that you have seen since then. So I think hopefully they can get that over to me today and then we can just start billing for your, like, January visits right away.
Beverly Curtis: Okay, I don't think you need to bill for my January visit.
Adam Harrison: Oh, sorry, I think I lost you for a sec. Can you repeat that one more time?
Beverly Curtis: Yeah, I don't think you need to bill for my January visits.
Adam Harrison: Have you already been billing for those?
Beverly Curtis: Yeah. Yeah.
Adam Harrison: Okay.
Beverly Curtis: And I mean, I would think that. And I have some of February's already billed, so
Adam Harrison: have you gotten paid for those yet? Do you know?
Beverly Curtis: So I'm billing through headway and Alma, you know.
Adam Harrison: Oh, okay. So I thought you were billing. Okay. I thought you had like some headway in Alma and then others that were just like your own kind of. And therapy notes, but you're billing all of them through the platforms, is that right?
Beverly Curtis: Yeah, I haven't built through therapy notes yet.
Adam Harrison: Okay. Even for, like the doc. Doc. Patients. You're seeing patients.
Beverly Curtis: Yeah. Yeah.
Adam Harrison: So. Okay.
Beverly Curtis: Only because the therapy notes, I had to. I have to enroll in all those. And I'm slowly trying to, you know, I was slowly trying to get all that enrollment done, but I can just run it through headway very quickly and be done with it, you know, so the enrollment, I mean, you probably know better than me, but, you know, every enrollment's different and all the forms are different, and sometimes you have to call and get an authorization first before you can even enter the platform. And, you know, it's just.
Adam Harrison: It's got it.
Beverly Curtis: Yeah, it's. It's not something I have time to do, to be honest, when I can just run it through headway and be done with it. So I just.
Adam Harrison: Makes total sense.
Beverly Curtis: Yeah. I mean, we were having this discussion and I thought, well, whenever we begin, I'll just. I'll do the billing up to the point where we begin, and then.
Adam Harrison: Okay.
Beverly Curtis: You know, so you don't have to do January billing at all.
Adam Harrison: Okay, got it. Okay, that makes sense. I would maybe sit. One suggestion would be like, do you have any new paper? Patients coming up maybe next week or something like that?
Beverly Curtis: Yeah, I mean, I get new ZOC Talk patients all the time, and I have a few new headway patients, but.
Adam Harrison: Okay.
Beverly Curtis: If they signed up in headway, they stay. They have to stay in headway, unfortunately.
Adam Harrison: Yeah. Do you know the ones that you. I'm actually not sure this. I know if they sign up in headway, they say in headway. Do you know the ones that, like, came through ZOC Talk and then you bill through headway? Can those go back to your own billing after?
Beverly Curtis: Or they need to stay in headway? No, no, they don't have to stay in headway. If I put them in headway, they can come out of headway because they came from slot, Doc.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, okay, perfect. Perfect. I just wanted to confirm that because I. Yeah, I know one. If they come through headway, they stay, but. Okay, so we can kind of switch those over as well at some point, so. Yeah, maybe. One thing. I'd love to maybe do a couple things today. So we talked about.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, go ahead, Beverly.
Beverly Curtis: You need. I mean, I can. And you can do this, too. Go in the ZOCDOC account and download all those patients. Did we do that at one point? Did I for you? Okay, yeah, we have that. Yeah, that. That was. That's old now. I mean, there's a lot more people on there, so. But you. You. You have access to my ZOC doc or. No, I don't.
Adam Harrison: Yep, we'd have that and therapy notes. So I was actually looking at both, and I was. That's one of the things I wanted to chat through with you, too. Okay. Yeah, yeah. So let's actually just kind of continue through that now. So I know you mentioned someone from your team was working on updating all the EHR stuff and therapy notes, all the patient information, it looks like. I'll kind of pull it up here. I was looking at that this week. It looks like a lot of it is filled out. Actually. I did an Excel export, so I'm just going to open it there. But do you know, like, is that complete? Is that still in progress? Because I would love to kind of move that all into JOT Psych soon, but if it's sort of like, if it's still kind of. If it's still kind of coming together, maybe we'll just wait for it to kind of finish.
Beverly Curtis: I can't say that it's complete. Okay. Maybe we don't need another week. Okay. Yeah. She only works for me on Fridays, Saturdays, and Sundays.
Adam Harrison: Okay, got it.
Beverly Curtis: Got it.
Adam Harrison: Yeah. So I would say maybe if she's working on that. Got it. I'll just share what I have here, because this is. Sorry, if it's very small, I'll zoom in, but this is, like, just an Excel export of that. And it looks like she's been putting in things of, like, you know, the insurance is in here, which is great. And then I think. Think, you know, the comments like headway, Alma, these are really helpful because I think obviously we're gonna keep the headway folks in Headway and keep the Alma folks in Alma. But everyone else will probably go through your own billing is my assumption.
Beverly Curtis: Right. And I've been trying. Not that I want to, you know, take people out of their, the platforms, but most of them don't care. You know, when I, you know, now you signed up through Alma and if you want to stay with Alma, you know, we can continue to bills from Alma or you know, I can bill you another way. They're like, I don't care. You know, just.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, I'm sure they don't.
Beverly Curtis: Loyalty to Alma, you know. And you know, now headway patients seem to feel a little different about headway for. Interesting. They like headway. Yeah, yeah. But the Alma people are like, yeah, take me out.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, okay. Yeah.
Beverly Curtis: What we don't have in there, I don't think are the self pay people necessarily listed at the moment and then what their self pay rate would be.
Beverly Curtis: Okay, yeah, so we'll clarify that.
Adam Harrison: And if you want, Beverly, I can chat directly with your kind of the person who's doing this admin for you and kind of just make sure I understand like what she's. What her approaches and where the data sits and like what's complete and what's not. So yeah, I will just kind of. That might be like a helpful, helpful conversation if you just want me to like chat with her directly too.
Beverly Curtis: Okay. Yeah. I'll ask her what she would like to do. Yeah, but yeah, we can do that.
Adam Harrison: Okay. Yeah, totally up to you. So that sounds good. So that's what I wanted to talk through on the patient things I did want to ask. How are you doing right now? The like co pays and self pay patients. What are you doing for that right now?
Beverly Curtis: Well, the co pays are collected through Headway. They have a, you know, everyone has to put in a payment method and then headway bills that. So I'm. I don't collect that necessarily that right now the self pays are either billed through headway or Alma or I've used JOT psych.
Adam Harrison: Okay, so you're already using the jot psych payments feature to like request the payment?
Beverly Curtis: Yeah, it's very few people at the moment, but yes.
Adam Harrison: Okay, and has that worked well for you so far or any like issues with that?
Beverly Curtis: There's no issues. So there's people who don't pay, but I'm not surprised about that.
Adam Harrison: Okay, so we did. So of course that'll always happen. Right. So we did add one thing recently that I want to share with you. You can now actually like keep a credit card on file within job site.
Beverly Curtis: Okay.
Adam Harrison: So that should help you kind of, you know, make sure that you're actually getting paid for your self pay patients. So I can show you like a quick demo of that if you, if you wanted to do that for five minutes. Because otherwise they just get the text and you know, you don't know if they've like paid or not. Right. Okay. And we might need to enable this for your account. But I'll just show you kind of like the demo first and then we can, we can go from there. But I might just need to like ask Jackson to turn this on for your account. But so if you go to your practice. Oh, did this get turned off for me? Hold on. Might be in here.
Beverly Curtis: You're looking for patient. I have.
Adam Harrison: Oh, hold on. I'm in the wrong account. So it's not turned on for this account. Hold on, Hold on. Okay, yeah, I'll try to walk you through it. Maybe would you be able to share your screen and I'll try to just see if we can set it up directly on yours.
Beverly Curtis: Okay, See here?
Adam Harrison: All right, so that's good. And then if you scroll down, you should be able to see. Have you seen this tab before?
Beverly Curtis: Which, this screen or the screen?
Adam Harrison: Yeah, where it's patient payments.
Beverly Curtis: Yeah.
Adam Harrison: Okay, so you can see kind of like which ones have been paid and which ones haven't if you scroll down.
Beverly Curtis: Okay, I lost something here. Yeah, I think this is that your screen that I'm seeing? I don't know.
Adam Harrison: I think it's your screen you're sharing. Yeah, it looks like I can see your screen. I just saw your mouse on there.
Beverly Curtis: Okay, so what am I doing?
Adam Harrison: So you're. So just scroll down the page a little bit. So you should see like those are ones that have gotten paid and those that haven't gotten. So the ones that say open. Right. I haven't gotten paid yet. So what I want to show you is like for your self pay patients, you can just get a credit card on file so that it always just will charge the card. So if you go over to your patients tab and then just click on anyone who you would want to add like add info for. And then if you click on the bottom icon, the. There's. On the bottom of your screen there's a little credit card kind of floating at the bottom next to the.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, down there all the way. And then there should be a button. Hold on. It's in a different spot for me. Give me one second. Sorry, just giving a demo on this a minute ago and. Okay, we might need to turn it on for your account. So I'm, I'll follow up here. But basically there should be a button here. You press and it will allow you to like add, add a credit card. So I'll have to see why that's not showing up on your account. Oh, I think if you go to Payments, that's what it is on the. Do you see on the left hand side where it says overview and then right next to it it's payments. Let me see if I can draw on your screen here. Yeah, so keep going a little bit left where your mouse is and then.
Adam Harrison: Yep, right there. Payments.
Adam Harrison: There we go. That's where it is. So you can add a payment method there.
Beverly Curtis: Okay. Okay.
Adam Harrison: And then that's just. You just enter their credit card and then you're kind of, you're kind of off to the races from there.
Beverly Curtis: Okay. Okay.
Adam Harrison: So if you do have patients that are kind of not paying you, I would definitely recommend just kind of doing that maybe at the start or end of your session or something like that.
Beverly Curtis: Okay.
Adam Harrison: Yeah. Okay, perfect. I did just want to make sure I went over that with you because I know you have like a number of kind of sliding scale and cash pay patients.
Beverly Curtis: Yeah, awesome.
Adam Harrison: And then the other thing just while you're in here. I wanted to show you a few of our billing templates that we have, because for us to actually, like, create the claim, we're going to need to know, like, was this a telehealth session? Was this? And which modifier to use? And, like, we just need the note to be formatted in a certain way, the same way you would do it in Headway or Alma. So I just want to show you there's three templates. If you go to documentation note templates, and then we'll just do a search for them. So if you go to browse library on the bottom left, and then can you search for. Just go to the top and where it says search by name, can you just type in, like, E E, M. Okay. So these are the two templates we have for medication management. One is with a psychotherapy add on. One is just, you know, without. So do you mind. Would you be able to click the add for those two just so you have them in your sidebar?
Beverly Curtis: I think I. Okay. Yeah.
Adam Harrison: It's going to be a little different than I think the ones you've used in the past.
Beverly Curtis: Okay. Okay.
Adam Harrison: Yeah. And then if you don't mind adding the other one, too.
Beverly Curtis: Oh, I don't.
Adam Harrison: Maybe it didn't add. It's weird. Oh, I think you got to click save, I guess. There you go. Okay. Oh, it looks like you have. Do you have these already, though?
Beverly Curtis: I had the E M Management, I think. Not the. I don't think that I have this out on psychotherapy because. Okay. All right.
Adam Harrison: Okay. And then we do have one for, like, an intake as well. If you do, it's a new one, so it. I. I don't think it's in the list there. So if you do browse library and then just search intake. The bottom one with the codes on it.
Beverly Curtis: Intake, Diagnostic evaluation.
Adam Harrison: Yeah. Are those the code, like the. I think the second code is one you might use. Right. So we can definitely, like. I know you've, like, put a lot of customization into your templates, Beverly, so we definitely can customize these so that, you know, they are kind of. Have everything you want. But if you don't mind, like, for a few encounters, if you could just, like, test out these and see if they sort of work for you. Because these are sort of our billing templates that we have. We can obviously, again, like, customize them for what you want, but I'm just curious if these will, like, work for you, because those will give us all the information we need to do the claim afterwards. And they're more kind of like, audit ready than some of the other templates, if that makes sense.
Beverly Curtis: The only reason mine are customized the way they are is that's what headway requires. So each of those sections.
Adam Harrison: Okay.
Beverly Curtis: Cut and paste and put into headway. Well, that's. That's why they're there. So.
Adam Harrison: Yeah.
Beverly Curtis: Yeah. Otherwise I had to rewrite everything, you know, so I got it.
Adam Harrison: So. So maybe. Do you know, you. Do you know how to kind of, like, do multiple notes for. For a single encounter?
Beverly Curtis: Yeah, yeah. If I have one template and then I decide I want to use another one, I add a different template and it revamp re. Yeah.
Adam Harrison: Then.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, and you can just switch back and forth. It'll save both notes. So maybe if. Like, I would just. If. If you don't mind, like, for a few patients this week, just kind of do this alongside your other one and see if it is. Is working for you, because I think these are more of what we would use for. For your billing.
Beverly Curtis: Okay.
Adam Harrison: Okay, perfect. Thank you, Beverly. And then the last thing I would want to maybe chat through is so we can keep an eye on kind of your. Your ZOC doc. But what I would love to do is, for if there's like, one or two new patients you have coming up this week, I would love to just start them out in jot psych and build and do everything through jot psych. Assuming we get all your credentialing stuff today, then we can just make sure the claims go through, make sure all the credentialing and information is set up. Okay. And then if for those few patients that works, well, we can start doing more of them. But I do want to just start with maybe a new patient first, make sure the claim works for you, and then we can start doing the rest of them. Does. Does that sound good to you?
Beverly Curtis: Yeah, that's fine. Yep.
Adam Harrison: Okay. Do you have already someone in mind for next week that you would want to do this for? Otherwise, I can just, like, look in your ZOC doc and kind of suggest someone. Yeah.
Beverly Curtis: You know, they sign up the night before.
Adam Harrison: Okay. All right. We can just play it by ear a little bit.
Beverly Curtis: I mean, I have Nevaeh on Saturday at noon. I haven't really looked at her yet. We've got Noah today at 3. Actually, Alyssa is next week already on Wednesday at 3. What is she? She's Cigna. So do you know what planned now? Let's look here.
Adam Harrison: I can look too. Hold on. Let me get into Zoc, Doc.
Beverly Curtis: Well, fleet, let's see here. Lehigh university.
Adam Harrison: Do you know if it's like ppo or hmo or. So it looks like Noah is self pay today.
Beverly Curtis: Oh, okay.
Adam Harrison: At least that's what he's listed. Neva looks like it's nave. Oh, sorry. Nave. I don't recognize this insurance. This looks like a US Government one.
Beverly Curtis: Yeah, yeah.
Adam Harrison: So let's maybe start with a commercial one just because those will go through a little faster.
Adam Harrison: Okay, so, yeah, let's see here. So Wednesday it was Alyssa or Elisa.
Beverly Curtis: Oops. There I am. Okay, Cigna. See here?
Adam Harrison: Signal ppo. That should be good.
Beverly Curtis: Okay, got it. You can see that.
Adam Harrison: Yes. Yeah, yeah. So she's ppo. So I think you should be in network for that.
Beverly Curtis: Okay. All right.
Adam Harrison: So, yeah, let's plan to do her with a job site. Like, we'll do a job site note for her in maybe the intake template. And then from there we will kind of do the rest of the. We'll do the claim. We'll submit the claim. All that. All that jazz. And you haven't set up any of the stuff in therapy notes? Or maybe you're credentialing. I don't know if, like, Kapline has helped you set up like, EFT posting or ERA stuff.
Beverly Curtis: Have they done any of that? No, they haven't done that for me. I was trying to do that in therapy notes.
Adam Harrison: Okay, so we'll.
Adam Harrison: We'll just get that set up in job site. So it'll post to job site. You'll get paid that way. And then we'll just check for Alyssa and make sure it works kind of like through the whole thing. And then assuming that goes well, we'll just start kind of switching. Switching people over.
Beverly Curtis: Okay. Do you need a blank check from me or anything? Bank account information or anything like that for the EFT stuff?
Adam Harrison: We'll probably need that. Yeah, so. But I'm just. Before we get there, you know, we don't need to do that right away. The first step is kind of like getting the billing identity configured, getting the, Getting the ERA set up and then the eft. Yeah, we should do that too. But let me just sync with Kaplan and see what they have first. But I'll probably come back to you on that next week.
Beverly Curtis: Okay. Okay.
Adam Harrison: All right, awesome. Well, that's. Those are kind of the main things I wanted to go over with you today. I think we're very close here to kind of like flipping the switch, so I know it's been. Been a journey, so I'm excited to kind of like get this going for you finally. But in the, in the meantime, should we just pick a slot next week? Maybe we can kind of check in again and I might need to get like some of the banking info and I'll come with like an agenda before then. But what would work well for you? Maybe like sometime mid to late next week?
Beverly Curtis: Okay. Okay. How long do you think we'll need?
Adam Harrison: I think we'll just. 30 minutes should be fine.
Beverly Curtis: Okay. Do you want to do 9 o' clock on Friday on the 27th?
Adam Harrison: Yeah, that sounds good. That sounds good. And depending if Capline gets back to me super quickly and we're setting stuff up, I may just kind of like drop you an email and ask for like a five minute quick chat to get some info from you. But if that's okay, we can just kind of like play that a little bit more by. By ear.
Beverly Curtis: Okay.
Adam Harrison: Okay, perfect. So I just sent an invite for Friday and yeah, I'll just keep you in the loop over email like as we get more of this credentialing stuff from them. And then, you know, I think we'll be ready to submit our first claim for Alyssa, assuming we get all that, you know, in the next day or two. We should be like, good to go there.
Beverly Curtis: Yeah. So mostly my nurse is available on weekends. He's got a different job during the week. Okay, but you might be able to do something like in a late afternoon. Do you. Do you have any availability late afternoon that you want where you would like to talk with her?
Adam Harrison: Oh, you mean like today? Later today?
Beverly Curtis: No, no, no. I mean just in general for next week.
Adam Harrison: Oh, yeah. I'm free all Friday next week, so, yeah, anytime. Anytime. Friday right now is open, so whatever. Whatever works for her. I'm happy to make that work.
Beverly Curtis: Okay. How late do you, though? I'm just wondering.
Adam Harrison: I would say usually around five, if. If that is tough. You know, we could do six or something like that, but. Okay.
Beverly Curtis: Okay. Yeah, yeah, I'll be chatting with her this weekend, so I'll. I'll try to solidify that for you. Okay, perfect.
Adam Harrison: Yeah. Then I'll kind of just make sure I'm up to speed on everything there.
Beverly Curtis: Yeah. Okay.
Adam Harrison: All right, well, thank you, Beverly.
Beverly Curtis: Okay.
Adam Harrison: I hope you have a great weekend.
Adam Harrison: We'll be in touch.
Beverly Curtis: Great. Okay, thank you.
Adam Harrison: Bye.