Becca Bressler: Hey, Nick.
Dee Bobbitt: Hi.
Becca Bressler: How are you?
Dee Bobbitt: Good. Talking to my daughter and her friend.
Dee Bobbitt: How's it going? It's going well. It's going. Oh, babe, can you turn this down real quick? Can you turn this down real quick? Sorry. Oh, like all the way. Okay, thank you. Okay. Sorry, my house is crazy right now.
Becca Bressler: No problem.
Dee Bobbitt: Oh, I can hear you now.
Becca Bressler: Sorry. Oh, great. So I hear that you're interested in prescribing with JOT Psych. Using. Using our prescribing feature. Are you interested in hearing more about it? Can I get you set up today? I'm sort of the onboarding person, so. Yeah. So tell me more about like where you're at with this and what you're looking for and if you want to get going.
Dee Bobbitt: So a couple of questions. How much is. So right now I'm with Insight. Q.
Becca Bressler: Okay.
Dee Bobbitt: I'm in Texas, so I have to have a collaborator. What does that look like on job site's end and how much is the extra cost? How difficult would it be for my collaborator? Because I do prescribe stimulants and that's what she has to sign off on. Everything else is good. So how it, how easy is it to have her sign off on stimulants if she has to? And are y' all like, are not, well, controlled substances also a part of this E Prescribe?
Becca Bressler: Yeah.
Becca Bressler: So basically, so our prescribe add on is $69.
Dee Bobbitt: Okay.
Becca Bressler: A month.
Dee Bobbitt: Okay.
Becca Bressler: And that includes controlled substances.
Dee Bobbitt: Okay.
Becca Bressler: We are really newly launching this so we have like a few people using it and we're still trying to figure out the part of the product we can do it on our end. It's not as easy to set up user from a user facing perspective, but people like, you know, clinic admins who can go in and like queue up prescriptions and presumably like what you're describing a little, but we haven't settled on like a price for that yet. I'd be curious what your. What it's like with intake Q actually. And what the experience is like for you. Because this is something we haven't like built, but it's something we can kind of get together really quick. Quickly.
Dee Bobbitt: Yeah, so. So honestly, she literally just needs it for. She doesn't do anything else on there. Like, she doesn't. All she does is like click a button to authenticate it. Then to go to like ID me after you
Becca Bressler: send each prescription or just like one. It's like a one time thing.
Dee Bobbitt: It's only amphetamines, so any type of. So the only thing that she has to sign off on is stimulants. So that would be like Vyvanse, Ritalin. But I have. My practice is in Texas and also in Washington. But Washington's an fpa, so I don't need her to sign off on anywhere but Texas. So the way it's set up is I have one account, but she's like an authorized user on that account. And so when I put in the prescription, I just cue it and then she has to go in and like identify herself.
Becca Bressler: Do you pay extra for that for her?
Dee Bobbitt: No.
Becca Bressler: No, you don't.
Dee Bobbitt: Collaborators are free. Yeah.
Becca Bressler: And so she just has your like intake Q account basically is that
Dee Bobbitt: she has her own intake Q account. But it's, it's like, it's. So it's connected to my account and all she like, she doesn't look at any other prescriptions really. It's just like IQ it under my name and then she signs a button. Okay.
Dee Bobbitt: But she standard under her name.
Becca Bressler: Can you show me what this looks like?
Becca Bressler: I'd actually be curious as like almost a research conversation because like I mentioned, we're sort of newly building this, so it's really helpful to understand more about this particular need.
Dee Bobbitt: Yeah, let me flip my screen. One second. How do I flip my screen? Do you know how to flip my camera? Is there a way to flip the camera?
Becca Bressler: You're on your phone.
Dee Bobbitt: Yeah. Oh, do you want me? Do you want me?
Becca Bressler: Yeah, yeah, let's do that.
Dee Bobbitt: Okay. Yeah. Let me screen share with you. One second. Okay, I'mma sign off. I'm just gonna end it and get back on.
Becca Bressler: Okay, great.
Dee Bobbitt: On my laptop. Okay, bye. Okay, sorry. If you hear anything, my husband's here too. He's also about to be a prescriber too, so. Okay, so let me go here. I'll share my screen. You will see some HIPAA information, just so you know.
Becca Bressler: Yeah, yeah, we are. We've signed all the things. We are totally okay here.
Dee Bobbitt: So let me go here. Where's my share my screen at? Is it here?
Becca Bressler: Do you see at the bottom those icons?
Dee Bobbitt: It's not very. Oh, I see it. Right?
Becca Bressler: Yeah.
Dee Bobbitt: There we go. Okay. So here is my practice queue platform. Okay. And then. So this is my name. And then I just go here some more. My E prescribe. I'll just type in, like, a random name. Who's on. Who's. Sorry, Let me think. Oh, my patient I saw today. Okay. And then. So these are her prescriptions right here. And then let's say I'm gonna. Today I need to prescribe her this. So. So I'll just go here, and then I'll. There's a little button that says queue it.
Becca Bressler: Yeah.
Dee Bobbitt: And then that sends an email to my collaborator.
Becca Bressler: Okay, got it.
Dee Bobbitt: And then she's notified. She goes in, clicks a button. It already sends her, like, the link. Basically, it's like all one flow. Okay.
Becca Bressler: And she'll get a link. She signs in. She has her own account, and so that she can just, like, approve it. Okay, got it.
Dee Bobbitt: And so that's. That's a free service on that end.
Becca Bressler: Okay, got it. Cool. Okay, this is really helpful to know. So I'm curious. Did you speak with Nate, the CEO?
Dee Bobbitt: Yes, but I spoke to him. Not about intake, not about the prescription. He said to. To speak to you. I was talking to him about some getting credential with Medicaid and just like, billing and stuff.
Becca Bressler: Yeah.
Dee Bobbitt: And I was gonna do. Because I want to. I want to get off a practice queue and just be on JOT site because it's my main, like, everything. And so now I'm paying for both services. And so I kind of just rid of this and just use jot.
Becca Bressler: Psych. Yeah. Okay. That's great to know. So d. The. I need to do a little bit more research on, like, your need here and how close we are to being able to do that, by which I mean, like, can we do it next week for you, or is it going to be a few more weeks? Okay. So it's really helpful to know. And let me. Let's just keep in touch. Does that sound good?
Dee Bobbitt: Show you what it looks like when I set my account up. Let me see. See. Okay, let me just go back to my E prescribe. So when I set my E prescribe up, it. So down here, it has practitioners. Right. And it has myself, and we're both prescribers. But then Linda Lafleur is my collaborator.
Becca Bressler: But it says $65.
Dee Bobbitt: But she's. So here's the part of it. So she. I do that to protect myself from the dea if they ever come back. She does not have to have a link to it, and I'm just too lazy to take her collaborator.
Becca Bressler: This is the one who has to sign off, though. Linda?
Dee Bobbitt: Yes, that's my collaborator.
Becca Bressler: So are you paying for a seat for her?
Dee Bobbitt: I pay for her a seat. Seat. But that's because I don't have to. But I'm paying for her a seat just because that's the way I set it up on my.
Becca Bressler: But you're saying that that feature is actually technically she could be able to sign off on things without having to pay for it.
Dee Bobbitt: Okay. Yes. And we're a free like and I also don't want to. It's a lot to ask your prescriber, like your collaborator. Hey, can you go undo yourself? Link your email to another email. So if I'm going to get rid of a like add a new service, I need it to be streamlined.
Becca Bressler: Yeah.
Dee Bobbitt: Right now it's not streamlined for me and I'm using a lot of different services.
Becca Bressler: Yeah, you need someone to have the ability to go in and sign off, but also the ability to get an email.
Becca Bressler: Yes, there's a. Yeah, yeah, okay, got it.
Dee Bobbitt: I need everything in one place. Like it's becoming too much for me to keep all of these services because I mean for. I'm probably paying for both of these packages. I think I pay like what, 120 for job site for the AI. But now practice Q also has that with height. You know, so it's kind of like I need. I'm trying to wait for jock site because I've. It's already built to my own language and like how I like my. My note written. So I'm trying to wait on jot psych to be able to have everything in one place so I can completely release practice cues.
Becca Bressler: You. Yeah, we're close. Like we're. We're close to being able to do all of these things for you. So it's really helpful to. To know D. Would you be open to maybe. Actually I would love to like ask you more questions. So Jot psych. How do you get the medication information you need into jot psych? Do you have. Do you put it in the additional notes field or how does the jot psych note. Do you use a medication section in jot psych or do you just.
Dee Bobbitt: Yes. So you want me to. Here, let me bring up my dot side note. Let me share my screen with you. That part. Let me presenting and then bring up my dot psych. Okay, so this, the. This is another patient I saw today.
Becca Bressler: Okay so.
Dee Bobbitt: So I actually have a medication section I haven't started. So here's my medication of all my current medications that we use. And then I have another section that discusses like my medication decision making and stuff like that. Okay. So all of those are built in, but I. Are you talking about this part?
Becca Bressler: Yeah. I guess the thing that I'm curious about is when you. You sign your notes in practice Q. Like, that's your ehr. Technically, no.
Dee Bobbitt: I sign all my notes in job site.
Becca Bressler: So your, like, system of record is in job site?
Dee Bobbitt: Yes. All my patient notes are in jot. Psych. Psych. Okay, but you can't prescribe on. I can't just have E. I can't use intake cues E prescribe unless I have their ehr.
Becca Bressler: Yes. Okay. So you use JSE as your system of record when. So do you manually put in all patient medications into this thing, too? This thing that you've pulled up?
Dee Bobbitt: No. So I review my meds after. I, like. Let's say that when I hang up with the patient, I go back and I say, hey, they're on the motri drain. They're on brailar, they're on methylphenidate, and it just puts it in the note for me.
Becca Bressler: So you, like, dictated into.
Dee Bobbitt: I dictated.
Becca Bressler: Yeah. Okay. Got it. But the things I'm seeing right here, these three. The lamotrigine vraylar that you did not manually input that was put in there from your dictation, is what you're saying.
Dee Bobbitt: Yeah.
Becca Bressler: Okay, got it.
Dee Bobbitt: So that's why I'm trying to hold on, because it's so convenient for me with JOT Psych, because it's. I've been with you guys for a good amount of time, so it's learned how to just, like, add all my information in.
Becca Bressler: Yeah.
Becca Bressler: So do you typically have to approve it, though? Because I've seen. At least on my end, like, jots, like, will pick up a medication and then it'll show it to you, but it'll say, like, approve or deny. Had you had to do that for these, do you recall?
Dee Bobbitt: Yes. So when I complete my note, it automatically does it for me.
Becca Bressler: Automatically accepts it for you in those.
Dee Bobbitt: Yes.
Becca Bressler: Okay.
Dee Bobbitt: I complete my note. Like, I've changed up a little bit of her medication. So when I complete my note today, it will go back and automatically change the medication in there in that medication section. Yes. Yeah.
Becca Bressler: Got it. Great. Okay. This is super helpful to know, Dee. Let's just keep in touch, and I'll be sure to reach out to you once we're, like, fully set up. Because presumably you can't sign up for JOT RX until we have that. Like, you just wouldn't be able to use it. Right, without that signage ability.
Dee Bobbitt: Yes. Because, I mean, I do a lot of stimulants.
Becca Bressler: Okay. That's like, a big part of your.
Dee Bobbitt: Big part of my practice.
Becca Bressler: And that's a law in Texas. Is it, like, you need an MD to sign off on it or.
Dee Bobbitt: So it's not just Texas. It's most all Southern states.
Becca Bressler: Okay.
Dee Bobbitt: Like Texas, Mississippi, and I also have a practice in Washington, so Washington I just put all my own meds in. It doesn't matter. But in Texas, you have. It has to be a medical doctor if you're a nurse practitioner.
Becca Bressler: Got it. So you have multiple DEA numbers because you prescribe. Okay. How many? I'm just curious.
Dee Bobbitt: I have two. So I have one for. For Texas, and then one for. Where else am I? In Washington. And I also have a New Mexico license, but I haven't started. I'm like, oh, my God. Yeah. I also work full time at Texas Children's, so.
Becca Bressler: Oh, my God. How do you have time?
Dee Bobbitt: I have a husband and three kids.
Becca Bressler: I mean, that is amazing.
Becca Bressler: Oh, my God. I'm gonna be. Thinking about you. Do you? Next time I'm complaining about feeling too busy.
Dee Bobbitt: So the life is crazy. That's why I'm like, my house is crazy. My oldest child's out of school, her friends here. My husband's, like, you know, doing, like, cleaning up right now. So, yes, our life is very, very busy. And then I also, like, he. He's about to graduate, so he'll be coming over as well. So, I mean, it's. It's gonna. Our practice is gonna grow, but I need to make sure that it, like, I want to. I want. I think I need everything in one place.
Becca Bressler: Yeah, totally.
Dee Bobbitt: Because I'm just using Intake Q right now as a prescribing place, not as anything else.
Becca Bressler: How do you do your billing?
Dee Bobbitt: My billing is through Headway and Alma, but because I'm gonna get. I have to get credentialed through the other services, but because I'm about to start seeing Medicaid and Medicare, that will be through Jot Psych as well.
Becca Bressler: Got it. Do you ever check out our audit feature? Have you seen that? You see that red dot?
Dee Bobbitt: Yes, yes, yes. I started looking at it.
Becca Bressler: Do you have any feedback for me? Because. So I'm the product manager here, so I'm, like, trying to make this product better, and I'm just curious what you think of it.
Dee Bobbitt: I have. I think I've only done it, used it one time, and I didn't get to really fully assess the note. I really do like it because I. The way I set my note up is the way I use how we use our notes at Texas Children's and, like, how they have audited for us. So I really wanted to go, like, this mental health assessment is what I asked, actually, Nate to create for me.
Becca Bressler: Okay.
Dee Bobbitt: Because that's just what I'm used to, and that's how my notes set up there. So I have not trialed it yet. I'm going to look at it. I think I clicked on it once, but I didn't get to completely review the note and how it came out, but I'm excited about it.
Becca Bressler: Cool. Got it. So you would say it's more of a time thing. You've needed a little bit more time to get yourself ability. Yeah. Got it.
Dee Bobbitt: Yeah. So today is. I was. I worked all during. I think I worked Monday, Tuesday, and then Wednesday. And so yesterday and today were my first days off and being back in my own clinic. Yeah. And so I had a lot of stuff to do, so I haven't been able to, like, fully utilize that tool yet, but I'm excited about it.
Becca Bressler: Cool. Yeah, if you have any feedback once you start utilizing it, shoot me an email. But okay, D I'm going to keep in touch with you once we have some of these features that you need to get up and running. But we're super excited to bring you on board and, you know, help you guys grow and manage, you know, your tech stack and everything. So yeah, I'll be speaking to you soon, I'm sure, and
Dee Bobbitt: it's not a rush because my Service is until March 1st, so I'm renewed at the first of the month. If you guys, by the first of the month, have everything set up that's perfect. I can go ahead and definitely switch over. I already let my collaborator know that I'm more than likely going to switch over to Jot Psych, so she was okay with it.
Becca Bressler: But are you on a yearly plan with intake Q? Is that. No, no, no. So when you say a year, what year are you talking about? Or.
Dee Bobbitt: Oh, monthly.
Becca Bressler: So, like, oh, got it.
Dee Bobbitt: Beginning of the month, I decide to stay on.
Becca Bressler: Or, like, cancel your.
Dee Bobbitt: Okay, got it.
Becca Bressler: I mean, if we don't have it by March 1, we will have it by April, so it's certainly coming.
Dee Bobbitt: Perfect. Yeah.
Becca Bressler: All right, take care.
Dee Bobbitt: Thank you. You two have a good day.
Becca Bressler: You, too. Bye.
Dee Bobbitt: Bye. Bye.