Dee Bobbitt: My girl is 13, my boy is 7. And then I have a newly turned 4 year old who is a menace. And.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah.
Dee Bobbitt: Has consumed everybody's life in this house. So.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, so mommy time. Is that. Is that mostly folding laundry?
Dee Bobbitt: Folding laundry, Watching smut tv.
Nathan Peereboom: Oh, my gosh. Really?
Dee Bobbitt: And not, like, porn, like the Bridgertons and stuff. And let's see. Oh, I love pedicures and massages too.
Nathan Peereboom: Wow, that's. See, you're really selling it. You're making me want to be a mom.
Dee Bobbitt: Don't do it.
Nathan Peereboom: Don't do it.
Dee Bobbitt: You know what? My husband is a song. Much better at it than me. My kids are ex. Significantly better of people with my dad, my husband, so.
Nathan Peereboom: That's amazing. Oh, that's great. Well, if, you know, if you have a good partner, I feel like it's a good adventure. That's like. That's my biggest takeaway. If you have the right partner, it's fun. If you don't, it's a nightmare.
Dee Bobbitt: See, got to get to the right partner. And statistically, married men a, live longer, huh? And have more money.
Nathan Peereboom: Wow. D, let me tell you, it's not for lack of a desire. Okay, that's funny. I. All right, well, I'll keep that with me and I'll tuck it away, and if I make any progress, I'll let you know.
Dee Bobbitt: Yeah, just tuck it away in a very good spot. And just. My husband did not get married till he was 40, though.
Nathan Peereboom: Oh. I still got a little bit of time. I still got a little bit.
Dee Bobbitt: So we had. We had our first kid when he was 42, I think. And so I'm. I was 32, he was 42. And he is the best daddy ever because he's lived his whole life. He has been to many countries, dated multiple women. Beautiful, extremely beautiful. Model, likes.
Dee Bobbitt: I mean, he's an adrenaline junkie. Anything's a lot of fun. He's done it. And so it makes him such a great daddy because now he's, like, settled, right?
Dee Bobbitt: Yeah, now that I'm the settled part. But he's just like, you know, I've traveled to every country I've been with, sold my wild oats. I. You know, so he is such a great dad now.
Nathan Peereboom: So.
Dee Bobbitt: Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: All right, well, this is. He's living the dream.
Dee Bobbitt: You know, he's got a good situation which says that if he would have known that life would be this amazing, he would have had kids way before he did.
Nathan Peereboom: Really?
Dee Bobbitt: Just keep that tucked away. Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: All right, D, look, we're gonna have to schedule another time for you just to give me relationship advice, all right? This is the actual thing I need.
Dee Bobbitt: I heard it's ghetto out here for dating world, too, so just so you know.
Nathan Peereboom: All right, So, D. Tell me about your life. Besides your kids and your husband and your. Your dreamy family situation. What do you do? What kind of patients do you see? How long you've been using jot, psych? Give me all that.
Dee Bobbitt: I've been using jot, psych for about a year now. I absolutely love it. I think I met you on our very first meeting, or it was you or someone else fell in love with it. It. And then I had a new template made to match. Like the template basically that I use at the hospital is the one that I use because we get audited a lot at the hospital. And so I was see the way it needs to be for all insurance companies to be approved. So I do really like that, and I just do really like it. The only. My only thing I don't like is that you cannot eat prescribe the I.
Nathan Peereboom: We are launching E Prescribe next week, and I'm curious, can I set you up for a meeting so you can be like the third we have? You would be the third person on our E prescription if you. If you wanted to be. Would you like to be signed up for E prescription?
Dee Bobbitt: Yes, if I could e prescribe, because I want to get. I use intake Q. I want to get rid of it. I. I literally have to, like, copy and then copy for E. For that. I already have a fax. I have everything, so I don't need those things. I just don't. I have a supervising position in Texas, and so she needs one place to go and that's it.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. Okay, great. Well, I'm looking at our calendars and how does 3:30 Eastern. No, actually, sorry, 2:45 Eastern on the 11th sound for you? Where. Where are you located?
Dee Bobbitt: I'm in Texas. Nice. Okay, let me. Hold on. I need my phone so I can see if I'm. I also work at Texas Children's, so I have to keep up with those schedules. Let me see. I think I'm off that day. I work the 11th, but I'm off the 12th.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, great. Let me look at the 12th. Ah. Do you have any days that are not the 12th? We can't meet the 10th or the 12th. We could do the 11th or the 13th.
Dee Bobbitt: I can do the 13th.
Nathan Peereboom: 13th. Okay, great. So you're in Texas. That means you're on Central time. How does 1245 Eastern, 1145 Central sound?
Dee Bobbitt: That sounds great.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, great. John Rx Kickoff. Sorry. Let's see. I'm going to add this. And you go by D, not dra.
Dee Bobbitt: So Deandra. But I feel like it's just a lot harder for people to say Deandra because there's an apostrophe. So then I just go by D.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay. All right, Perfect. Okay, so I'm setting you up with. For shots, JoTRx kickoff and onboarding with Becca and Marcus, the two people who have built it. And I'm going to click send. Send vital guests. Okay, great. So we're going to kick you off with the prescription. That's amazing.
Dee Bobbitt: I'm happy. I'm excited about it. Because that's. Once I do that, I'm just, I'm done with inside you. So I just needed amazing and. Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, let's talk billing.
Dee Bobbitt: Yes. Let's go.
Nathan Peereboom: I'm ready. So, D, give me the background on all your billing woes.
Dee Bobbitt: So I, I mean, I'm with Headway and Alma right now, but I want to independently credential myself, which I am about to. I've already been approved for Medicare and Medicaid in Texas and Washington. I'm just working on ability to like, I guess they're like the third party person that you would use with like a system like jot Psych or a system like, I don't know, there's another big biller that the third party biller that they use with Medicaid.
Nathan Peereboom: You don't need to use another system besides Jota. You wouldn't need to use any of those if you use job sites for billing.
Dee Bobbitt: Okay. Okay.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. But I'm sorry, please keep going. So. So you're trying to get credentialed with some. Some other pairs, but you already, you are credentialed with a bunch. And so you're. Do you charge? Do you go through intake queue for your billing?
Dee Bobbitt: No. So I use Headway's platform to go through my business or platform.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay.
Dee Bobbitt: Yeah. And it's just because it's like so easy. It's a click of a button and then I'm done.
Nathan Peereboom: You're wanting to like, retain more of your revenue, though, by being more like on your own thing. Okay, cool.
Dee Bobbitt: Yes.
Nathan Peereboom: Do you know how much they take?
Dee Bobbitt: So they never tell you. Right. But from what I hear collectively from multiple people and even my really good friend, they're taking at least, I've heard, up to 15%.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, I mean, usually it's like 20 to 30%, actually.
Dee Bobbitt: Yeah. And then they try to offset that by saying, well, you get a higher group rate, but it's still, you know, not worth it.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. Well, let me. Let me show you what we've got. There's a pretty easy entrance point. So, you know, if you're interested, we can, you know, we can always start running this. But, you know, the basic idea here is that we. We have this new program called JOT Bill. It's. It's hybrid AI and human. So there are still human beings involved. But you know, the, like job site's core audit engine, which writes your note, audits your note, you know, writes the claim. You know, that's all automated. We also automate appeals and you know, denial management. And we do all the reporting for you so you can see exactly how much you're making and like, you know what your rates are.
Dee Bobbitt: Okay.
Nathan Peereboom: So, you know, it's, from your perspective, it would be really simple, particularly if you're on e prescription. You see, if a patient is eligible in our platform, you get the perfect note written, you click sign and you're done. And then what we do is we'll, we'll give you a real time dashboard and we'll meet with you every month to show you exactly where the dollars and cents going what's happening here.
Dee Bobbitt: Okay.
Nathan Peereboom: And you know, in terms of like, what makes jot psych special, it's like at every point in the billing journey, we've kind of turbocharged it with AI. So, you know, eligibility checks, a lot of eligibility checks, people just look at like one API.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, we're doing not just an API call, but we're also having like, you know, AIs like, call on the phone to the insurance company. We have a human call center for the documentation. We, you know, we take all of the rules from ama, cms, apa, Aetna, Cigna, Optima, even like the private contracts you have with Medicare and Medicaid, and we'll actually infuse those into how we write the notes. And we'll also use that to, you know, make sure that we're protecting you from claims you're from, from audits and that we're writing claims that are in line with those agreements. And then as I mentioned, like, you know, we'll not just deal with denials, but we'll explain to you why something was denied. We'll feed that back in the system that writes your notes and the, and the claims. And then we'll also auto appeal. And of course, you know, we already do patient billing, which, you know, so in terms of pricing, pricing super standard. It's industry standard, 4 to 8%. You can choose exactly like where you want to fall in this and, and getting started is really, really easy. So, you know, the way that we typically get started, although we wouldn't do this probably for you, because you already have a way that you're doing billing that's, that's not that auditable. But you know, we typically like to start by just uploading all your documents and telling you what's in there.
Dee Bobbitt: Okay?
Nathan Peereboom: And you know what? You should pay attention to how you should structure your billing approach, yada, yada. So, you know, so we could do this jot bill analysis and basically tell you, hey, here's how much money you're leaving on the table, okay? Here's what your what's inside your new contracts. And there's sometimes really interesting stuff. Like, have you read through all the contracts? You have?
Dee Bobbitt: Of course not.
Nathan Peereboom: Well, there's some really interesting stuff. Like, we just did an analysis for this psychiatric nurse practitioner, and I think it was New Jersey, and she was doing all these, like, 992 and 3s, 9, 92 and 4s.
Nathan Peereboom: But what she was missing was that in her agreement, it said, if you work with patients where you're helping manage, like, Suboxone or methadone, we'll pay you, like, 30% more.
Dee Bobbitt: Wow.
Nathan Peereboom: Which is remarkable. You know, it's a remarkable difference. And when I asked her about it, I had this assumption. I read the contract and I was like, I mean, she must know this. Like, this is like, it's the most material. It's a crazy thing to find in a contract.
Dee Bobbitt: Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: And she just wasn't aware because it was buried and tucked. And that makes sense. So a lot of what we're doing is saying, hey, let us do the reading for you and just build you the plan for like making the most out of your billing.
Dee Bobbitt: Perfect.
Nathan Peereboom: So, yeah, I mean, and you know, we're low pressure. Like, there's a lot of ways you can use jobs that can engage with us. This is a really good entrance into us serving you as a billing partner.
Nathan Peereboom: But at any point you can say, hey, look, that's all I wanted. Like, that's, that's good. But if you're interested, I'm happy to set you up with that. We can do like a presentation to you next week with the results. Because all we need is really like access to your ehr and a bunch of your documents.
Dee Bobbitt: Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: And then, and then we can, you know, do the analysis. And here I'll give you like a little glance of like what it looks like. This is one that we did for this clinic down in Florida. And you know, we were just trying to answer three questions. What are you earning today? Where's your money getting delayed or lost? And what, how can we unlock like more revenue for you? And that just gives you like a game plan to like move forward with.
Dee Bobbitt: Okay, so currently I'm working to have because, you know, even with Medicaid and Medicare, you have to have, which I am already credentialed with them. But you, it's really through like the CMO like that you get your patients. Nobody really has traditional Medicaid or Medicare anymore. So that is what I'm currently waiting on. And so the question is with how do you guys get to bypass the ability or the other super third party that's being used with most platforms to get the Medicaid and Medicare approved.
Nathan Peereboom: So we have our own platform that we're using. So we work with a partner called Steady.
Dee Bobbitt: Okay.
Nathan Peereboom: And I take it to meet. When you say approved, I mean, you mean the bill approved, right? No, yeah, bill approved.
Dee Bobbitt: Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay. Yeah. So we just work with our own platform that, you know, is integrated into the clearinghouse. Because there's a national clearinghouse where all these bills move on rails. Yeah. And so there's a bunch of different vendors ability is one of them. But they're not the best. And I mean, they're just like legacy. They're just older. And so we do all of the communication with payers, all the billing rails, all of that.
Dee Bobbitt: Okay, that would be perfect. I mean, if I'm really. I just want to get everything into one place once my Medicare, I mean, like headway and stuff is whatever, but like, that will take another minute to get independently credentialed with all my insurances. Because, you know, of course, if you go through headway and alma, they credential you like their company, and then you have to go back and get re credentialed for your independent company.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah.
Dee Bobbitt: Which most of the times it doesn't take that long. But with Medicaid and Medicare, once I open that avenue, it's going to be a flooding gate.
Nathan Peereboom: That's awesome. That's great. That's really exciting.
Dee Bobbitt: And I'm bringing my husband into, so that will be a thing, too. He has a year before.
Nathan Peereboom: Amazing.
Dee Bobbitt: So also on that note, with the dot Psych. Is there a way to, like, integrate two. Like, if he were to come on, is there a way to integrate him and myself under, like, one practice?
Nathan Peereboom: Yep. Yeah. Yeah. You can always create. Yeah, one practice. When would you be looking to bring him on?
Dee Bobbitt: So he graduates in December, so probably. I mean, I know it's a full year from now, but probably in January sometime.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay. All right, well, let's do this. You've got some time on that side. Let's. I want to get you set up. So we already have the JOTRX kickoff.
Dee Bobbitt: Okay.
Nathan Peereboom: I want to get us set up for the presentation of the results of your job bill analysis.
Dee Bobbitt: Okay.
Nathan Peereboom: And I think that we should. If you're able to get me your billing data and your contracts today, we could do it the fifth of, like, Thursday. So three days from now, Would that work for you?
Dee Bobbitt: See, Yes. I'm off that day.
Nathan Peereboom: Awesome. Okay. How would 4:00pm sound to you?
Nathan Peereboom: 4:00pm Eastern, 3:00pm Your time.
Dee Bobbitt: Oh, that would be. How long is it? My kids get out of school by four.
Nathan Peereboom: Probably, like 30 minutes.
Dee Bobbitt: Okay, I could do that.
Nathan Peereboom: All right. Showing. Okay, so I'm going to add you to this. Perfect. And. Okay, great. So I know we've got 10 minutes here. Can maybe. Could we get. Could we do the data poll right now so that I just, like, have all the things I need? Okay.
Dee Bobbitt: Do you need me? Okay, so there. I have a lot of notes, but I still need to go and fully complete them.
Nathan Peereboom: I think what I need is. Okay, so you're doing currently all of your billing through Headway, Alma, et cetera.
Dee Bobbitt: Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay. Is there a way that I could get access to those platforms just so I could see what's coming through and what's not?
Dee Bobbitt: Let me see. Like, share my screen with you.
Nathan Peereboom: Is there a way I could get login, like my login information? That's typically how people share it. Also, if they have, like, extra users or something like that, that would be great.
Dee Bobbitt: Don't. That stresses me, Nathan.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, then let's not do it. That's totally fine. How about just the contracts you have? Could we just look at the contracts?
Dee Bobbitt: Let me see if I can,
Nathan Peereboom: like, any PDF you have where you're like, holy shit, this is just like way too many pages. Just send it to me.
Nathan Peereboom: That's what I want. Like. Like the gold mine is the. Is any document where you're like, this is a lot to read. That's exactly what we want to read.
Dee Bobbitt: Okay, I'll go through it and hopefully. Headway is really weird, but let me try to get all of my. Let me see. Because I haven't had anything be denied yet.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, I think that it's. And again, all the independent billing that you want to do, you don't have any data on that because you haven't started it, right?
Dee Bobbitt: I haven't started it. No. I'm waiting for my Medicaid stuff to come through.
Nathan Peereboom: So. So let's just look at the contracts you have with all the people who pay you or don't pay you with headway. And you know, like, the denial rates are going to be low there because they're taking basically an insurance fee on. On every. You know, they have like a whole way of. I mean, that's why they pay you less than, you know, than what you'll make independently. So. So if you send those documents over, though, I can look through them and get back to you.
Dee Bobbitt: Okay. I'm trying to find how I get to them. So really, they only send like a.
Nathan Peereboom: Do you want to share your screen? And maybe I can, like, walk through it with.
Dee Bobbitt: Let me see. Let me make my thing bigger because I'm an old lady. Where is my. Share my screen. Oh, here we go. This is it. Okay, awesome.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, great. Awesome. Perfect. See? Can you.
Dee Bobbitt: Can you still. Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: Can you print this for me?
Dee Bobbitt: And then would you like me to click on the Washington one, too?
Nathan Peereboom: Yep, Washington 1, 2. And then same thing with a print. And then if you can go up to agreements next to. Oh, I don't think your screen is your screen changing and it's just not updating on my side.
Dee Bobbitt: Yeah, it should be okay.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, I think it's just frozen. That's okay. Yeah, so Washington for sure would love that printed. Then if you could go to Agreements. And then anything that's in there. If you could print that out, that'd be awesome.
Dee Bobbitt: Agreements. Okay, I can. Do you want me to download it and then just email it to you? Okay.
Nathan Peereboom: Exactly. Pardon me.
Dee Bobbitt: It's a zip file.
Nathan Peereboom: Awesome. Zip files are great.
Dee Bobbitt: Okay.
Nathan Peereboom: Zip files are great. And then do you have your, like, contracts with Medicaid and, like, Medicare? I know that you're still getting credential with them, but do you have, like, what will be the contract?
Dee Bobbitt: I think so. No, wait, I don't know. Let me. I have to go. Look at that.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay.
Dee Bobbitt: I'm a credentialer and she sends me. But I can do. I can go to my PCOS login. I'm going to share this screen with you.
Nathan Peereboom: Great.
Nathan Peereboom: I think it's still locked on my side. Oh, there we are. Awesome.
Dee Bobbitt: I don't know what's happening. 397-499. There we go. And then I think it's under.
Nathan Peereboom: Oh, additional resources. Who should I call? Application status, Additional links. Classroom.
Dee Bobbitt: Or it might be under. Look under my cms. I think it might be under this one.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay. This is a very old website.
Dee Bobbitt: I know. And so it makes it so difficult to do anything on it. So I just have a credential error because it's just too much for me to, like.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah.
Dee Bobbitt: To keep up with. And she does it all the time. Okay, so let me see. There's a way to get to my codes. Hold on. Let me go to my credentialing person.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, awesome.
Dee Bobbitt: She normally helps me. Okay, so it's taking me back to this.
Nathan Peereboom: You know what? Let me. Let me see if I can do some troubleshooting on my side.
Dee Bobbitt: Okay, This one I want to get to. What website is this one?
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, so, All right, so Medicare doesn't give you a tidy PDF, called your contract. Instead, your obligations are defined by your enrollment record, program integrity rules, payer specific Medicaid agreements. So can you see. Pete Pecos? It's on application links on the right side of your screen. E, C, O, S. It's right under npez and above Pepper.
Dee Bobbitt: Is this it? Okay, I'm just gonna sign out and sign back in.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, it's. Oh, you had it there for a second. Yeah.
Dee Bobbitt: Can you see it? This is it. This is.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, this is Pecos. Okay, can we sign into Pecos? And what we're looking for is your enrollment application. So can you control F enrollment? Just curious. Okay, existing enrollments, select provider. All right, one sec. Let me screenshot this and check. Right.
Dee Bobbitt: Oh, maybe it's under revalificate Revalidation notification. Center your applications.
Nathan Peereboom: Maybe. Wait, one sec. Let's see. Can you click my associates?
Dee Bobbitt: Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay. Okay. And then you'll land on a page listing individuals and organizations. Look for your name.
Dee Bobbitt: It's me.
Nathan Peereboom: Oh, does it say rejected?
Dee Bobbitt: Oh, yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: Oh. Huh.
Dee Bobbitt: Okay, here's another one.
Nathan Peereboom: Awesome. Okay, so can you click View enrollments and. Yeah, let's look at each of those. Okay. Inside the. Enrollments record. Look for enrollment information, reassignments, correspondence, submitted applications.
Dee Bobbitt: It's probably this one.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay. Yeah, let's look at that one. Let's see. An organization. This is kind of challenging to navigate.
Nathan Peereboom: That's why I had to credential. Yeah. D. Would you just. I. In the interest of time, Because I am gonna. I have to run right now, sadly.
Dee Bobbitt: Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: If you don't figure this out, like, today, would you be open to, like, and we could, like, sign a special document, like, with, you know, acknowledging the access, but would you be game to, like, give me some access here just so I could, like, trove through it and, like, find what we need?
Dee Bobbitt: Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, well, let me know. Let me know, because it's easier for us if we don't have to be involved in it, but it is, like, part of, you know, it's part of the service, so. So if you want to. If you want to do that, that's fine. We. You know, we can. We can make that happen.
Dee Bobbitt: Yeah, that's not a problem.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, cool. All right, so we're gonna see each other on Thursday.
Dee Bobbitt: Okay.
Nathan Peereboom: I'm looking forward to that. Tomorrow is the day that we're gonna spend most of the analytical time. So as long as we have all the data by, you know, tonight, I think we'll be in a good spot. Okay.
Dee Bobbitt: Okay. All right. Thank you.
Nathan Peereboom: All right. D. Really excited. And. Oh, and did you. You saw the pricing on this, right? Like, you're. You're cool with the pricing?
Dee Bobbitt: What's the pricing?
Nathan Peereboom: How are you going to know we're just charging $300 one time for this analysis piece just because we have to staff an engineer and analyst on it, and then. And then, yeah, you saw the billing pricing, but that's down the road once you start actually collecting things.
Dee Bobbitt: And what's the billing pricing down the road?
Nathan Peereboom: It's between 4 and 8%, depending on how involved you want us to be.
Dee Bobbitt: Perfect. Oh, okay. I'd probably do 8%. I'm a lunatic, but yeah. Okay.
Nathan Peereboom: All right. Perfect. De. So great to see you again, and good luck with more of that mommy time. All right.
Dee Bobbitt: All right. Have a good day.
Nathan Peereboom: See ya. Take care. Bye.