Adam Harrison: I am doing well. How's your. How was your weekend? How did your week starting off?
brittni roldan: All is well. I have been working, but that's okay. It was my urgent care weekend, so worked outside of the house.
Adam Harrison: Okay, so you. You do that on, like, weekends?
brittni roldan: Sometimes, yeah, like one weekend a month.
Adam Harrison: Got it. So it's kind of. Yeah, that. That was your weekend, I guess, for February. Very fun.
Adam Harrison: Did you do anything? No, we got snowed in. I'm in New York.
Adam Harrison: We got like, over a foot of snow. So did you guys get me over there?
brittni roldan: No, not this time.
Adam Harrison: Okay, that's nice. Yeah, you guys probably get a lot of snow, but not this time.
brittni roldan: No, no, not much. I mean, we did get a foot of snow, like, last month, which is like the most we've had at once, like, since forever that I can Remember. At least 2010. Yeah.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, it's been a weird year. Ready for spring?
Adam Harrison: Gonna have to wait a while.
brittni roldan: Yeah, exactly.
Adam Harrison: Well, thank you, Brittany, for making a little more time here. I think we are. I'll kind of jump into. Jump into things if it's okay with you.
brittni roldan: Yep.
Adam Harrison: All right, cool. So we are on kind of the journey here to get all your. Your billing set up. I sent you an email earlier today with the things I'd love to go over today. I think if we can knock these things out, we'll be just about ready. There's like, a couple other. Couple other things we'll need to do, but this is, you know, I think we'll have like, 80, 90% of it done at this point. The first thing I wanted to go through is on eras, so. So that, you know, you can get, like, paid directly and, like, we'll see. You won't basically get checks. You'll, like, have it post automatically in your jot Psych account. So it looks like I kind of initiated the process on my side.
brittni roldan: Okay.
Adam Harrison: It looks like for HealthLink, we have to go through something called zealous. Does that at all sound familiar to you? Do you already have a zealous account? I hope. Otherwise it may take a little more time to do.
brittni roldan: Yeah, I saw your email, and I don't know what a zealous account is. If I have one, I'm not aware of it.
Adam Harrison: Okay, no worries at all. We'll go through it. Do you mind just doing a search in your email in case it was, like, forever ago? You set one up and then. You forgot about it. That would probably be just a good check to do before we. Before we start down this path.
brittni roldan: Yeah. Okay. It's not in either of my emails, so I'm not seeing it.
Adam Harrison: Okay. Okay, no worries. So I already, I already sent like a request just in case you didn't have one already.
Adam Harrison: So I set a request in into the zealous team yesterday to get an account set up for you.
brittni roldan: Okay.
Adam Harrison: So just so we don't like, just to kind of spare you some of the pain and agony of like going through that live, like I'll try to just manage that independently, but I may kind of pull you in over email, you know, just because they'll probably need to like get your approval if I'm doing things on your behalf. So I will try to keep it at bay as much as I can, but I can't promise it will be like 100% something you'll never have to touch.
brittni roldan: I have the utmost faith in you.
Adam Harrison: Well, let's see. We'll see how I do. Yeah. And it looks like from what. Because I have not done a zealous setup yet, but it looks like from what the team shared with me, it may take up to like a few weeks for that process to like finish.
Adam Harrison: So we'll just, I'll just get that started like as soon as possible so that we aren't like delayed and getting billing done for you.
brittni roldan: I'm telling you, headway's a bear, man. Or not headway. HealthLink.
Adam Harrison: HealthLink, yeah, HealthLink. It's.
brittni roldan: Yeah, it's a fun one. Exactly.
Adam Harrison: Great. Well, the next thing I wanted to talk through a little bit was, was availability. So I got into your availity account with the login you set up, but I wasn't able to see a list of like patients or claims that you had.
Adam Harrison: So I was wondering maybe. Yeah, I don't know, maybe you could show me on your side what you see. But I'm like trying to find a way to basically get your insurance and patient info into jot psych. And I was thinking we could do like some kind of export from availability, but we might have to like re evaluate that path.
brittni roldan: Yeah. I wasn't kidding when I said I submit a claim and pray, like that's. That's it. You know, maybe it just has gone into the oblivion. But I did get one check from them a long time ago.
Adam Harrison: Okay. And it might be just because my account is like, however it's set up, I can't see the claims you've submitted or something. Like that. So I can just show you what I'm seeing on my side. Unless you want to log in.
brittni roldan: Oh, I'm logged in already. I'm about to hit that share button screen. There it is.
Adam Harrison: Sweet.
brittni roldan: Now where should I go? Claims and payments.
Adam Harrison: I'm not seeing.
brittni roldan: Oh, there it goes.
Adam Harrison: Can you zoom out a little bit? So when you go to. Where. Where did you see that you got paid? Can you show me that screen, wherever that was?
brittni roldan: No, I literally just got a check in the mail from HealthLink.
brittni roldan: Oh, I did mail in a couple of claims. Maybe that was from mailing it in. Maybe I haven't gotten paid for anything on here. That's a possibility.
brittni roldan: Okay, look at a patient who's health link really quick. See when I saw her, and then maybe I can attempt to look up a claim that way.
brittni roldan: All right, February, December 31, December 2, November 11. Claims and encounters. That's not what I meant. Status. Maybe that will lead me in the right direction.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, I was trying to do this, and then I realized I would have to look at every single payer one by one. Because it doesn't let you just do like a bulk. Bulk report. Which is what I was trying to do.
brittni roldan: Which is why I don't mess with this.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, it's. It's real. You know, it's really clunky. I can see why you do your best to avoid the system.
brittni roldan: Huh? Okay. Three. Seven. Okay. Let's just try. See what happens. Nothing. Oh, gotta type in everything. Okay, hang on. I gotta find that. That's interesting. Let me see what's over here. So I don't know where it went. Okay, that's a bust. Let me look at Jesse. Okay, here's another one. Maybe that is Murray's, actually.
Adam Harrison: Oh, you might have to do the service date on the bottom there.
brittni roldan: This one?
Adam Harrison: Yeah. Was that the date you saw the patient?
brittni roldan: Yeah, yeah, it's one of the dates. Yeah. November 10th. Let me try October 22nd. Another day I saw her. Yeah, I'm not 100% sure that's her number, but I think it is longer than. Nothing there. All right, let me try one other person. Of course not. Okay, let me see. When I saw jesse. February 14. One. Let's give it a go. One. Okay. Yeah, that's. That's correct. I don't know what's happening. So that's. That's not going to work either.
Adam Harrison: Okay. We can kind of try to maybe do a bit of like a. We'll have to look back at these, like, older claims and see if some of them never got submitted or maybe got, like, lost in translation somewhere or they never got paid. But I think just in terms of getting you set up to start, is there somewhere where you have, like, maybe a list of your HealthLink patients and their, like, insurance? Is that in your. I think you said it's not in your ehr. Right, right.
brittni roldan: I don't use it for that. Let's see. I have two people for sure. Marie and Jesse. These two people I just looked up. I did have another one, but actually, let me see. Kimberly, I think. Okay, we got Jesse, Marie. Let me see if Kimberly. I think Kimberly's on it too. Kimberly. Okay. And maybe angela. Yep. And angela vineyard. The four people right now is what I'm coming up with for sure. And I can email you the information if you want.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, that. That's probably easiest if there's just four of them and you don't need to, like, you can do like, photos or whatever you got, like, it's totally fine. We can kind of. Put it.
Adam Harrison: We'll basically, like, load it into your JOT Psych account.
Adam Harrison: Do you already have their names in Jot Psych?
brittni roldan: Yeah.
Adam Harrison: Okay, so we'll just, like, tag it to their existing JOT Psych profile and just add the insurance info so it'll be attached to all your, like, prior notes and things.
brittni roldan: Okay. I don't know what happened to one of her photos, because I used to have. Let me ask her again.
Adam Harrison: It.
brittni roldan: Hey, harrison at jot psych, right?
Adam Harrison: Yep, you got it.
brittni roldan: Is that dot com? Okay, I sent you one.
Adam Harrison: All right, let me take a look. I don't have it yet.
brittni roldan: Okay, I'm just trying to send you Angela's.
Adam Harrison: All right.
brittni roldan: What?
Adam Harrison: What was the email you sent to just to make sure I gave you the right one?
brittni roldan: Aharrison.com.
Adam Harrison: yeah, that's right.
brittni roldan: The other day, either. I don't know what the deal is, and it won't let me do it for my Gmail silliness. Hello? I'm the problem. It's me. Oh, man. Okay. Oh, this one might let me work. Gosh darn. Okay, I think I sent one for my Google account.
Adam Harrison: Okay, I will keep a lookout. Oh, I just got it. Okay. Member name? This is Marie.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, sorry, sideways on my screen, so I'm just looking. All right, cool. That looks good. Member id Group number? Nice. That's perfect.
Adam Harrison: Okay, So you only have, like, a handful of HealthLink patients right now. Just these four?
brittni roldan: Yeah, I haven't really been wanting to take them because of this problem.
Adam Harrison: Well, I can't really blame you.
brittni roldan: I thought I had more than five, but I do have five, as far as I can tell, Trying to figure out how to forward these other ones. Okay, recent. Here we go. Okay, here's Jesse. Why do I have two cards for him? I don't know. Oh, that's because. Okay. I sent you Jesse and Marie.
Adam Harrison: Okay.
brittni roldan: Kimberly's the only one I got is, I think.
Adam Harrison: All right, I just got Jesse, so save that. And I already got marie. Okay.
brittni roldan: Did you get Angela? Because I think her husband's name is Jesse, and Jesse Vineyard's on the card.
Adam Harrison: Oh, hold on, let me look. I have Jesse.
brittni roldan: Does it say Jesse Cantrell?
Adam Harrison: Yeah, yeah, there's two Jesse's.
brittni roldan: Well, Jesse Vineyard, that's actually the card holder, but I see his wife, Angela Vineyard.
Adam Harrison: Angela Vineyard. Okay.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, got it. Okay, that's help. Do you have a hard stop at at the 30 minute mark by the way, or do you have a little.
brittni roldan: I don't have any more work until 4.
Adam Harrison: I'm going to move my 3:30 call a little later.
brittni roldan: Okay. I think I got a new person with help link, but I can't remember who it is.
Adam Harrison: It. Okay, I just got Kimberly.
brittni roldan: Time.
Adam Harrison: Said there's one more you're looking for.
brittni roldan: Well I think you got four right Jesse, Marie, Kimberly and Angela.
Adam Harrison: I have Jesse, I have Marie, I have. Angela's the wife of or there's two Jesse's.
brittni roldan: It's confusing. Yeah. Jesse Vineyard is Angela's husband. And that's who the plan is under then.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, I have all those.
brittni roldan: Okay. I have a new person that has HealthLink, but I can't remember who it is.
brittni roldan: Okay, maybe who's Olivia? Let me look at this Olivia person. Okay, now that's a different one. Yeah, I guess that's it for right this minute.
Adam Harrison: Okay, That works. We can definitely get started with this.
brittni roldan: Perfect.
Adam Harrison: All right. Thank you for digging those up. So if you have a little more time. What? I so sorry. Just. I'll recap quickly. So on this, you don't need to worry about the patients. I'll get that info, like, loaded into Jot Psych for you. And they all should have jots, like profiles, right?
brittni roldan: Yeah, they do.
Adam Harrison: Okay, great. So I'll just tie those to the existing profiles. So that's that piece. The last thing I wanted to go through with you today is just getting you set up in Jot Psych so that you actually, you know, are using our billing templates. And then two, just showing you, like, where the button is for when you want to, like, sign and sign the note and then, like, submit to billing, basically, or create. Create a claim. So that should take just, like, probably five or ten minutes. We'll just kind of go through that quickly. Do you have happen to have jobs like candy? It's probably easiest if we just do it through your account.
brittni roldan: Yep.
Adam Harrison: Awesome. All right. Do you have a recent note for one of the people we just looked at?
brittni roldan: Yeah.
Adam Harrison: So we can do that as an example before we do. Sorry. Sorry to interrupt you, but before we do, we just got to add the templates to your account so that you can. You can. You can, like, you know, regenerate note in the new template. So do you mind going to browse library on the. Bottom here and then just type in 992 should come up. If you just start with that. Yeah. So these are our billing templates. So one is just medication management, one is the psychotherapy add on.
Adam Harrison: So if you can just add those and then we'll do the one for intake as well in a second.
brittni roldan: Do I save it just the way it is?
Adam Harrison: Yeah, it's a little confusing. You can just go back to browse library. You don't, you don't need to save. And then.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, we'll do the other one too. And then we'll do intake. So if you just search intake, it should come up. Oh, I think it's. Yeah, library. There you go. And. Yeah, those, the bottom one. And remind me again, you do. How often do you do like psychotherapy add on?
brittni roldan: Yeah, like 50 of the time at least.
Adam Harrison: Okay, got it, got it. All right, well that, that's perfect. So yeah, why don't you go back to the note that you were just looking at before. And then. Yeah, and then you should be able to. On the left hand side where it says therapy and med check on the top. Yeah, you should be able to click. I don't know if this was like at psychotherapy one or not. You just pick like one of those, one of those two. Depending if you did the psychotherapy or not, You'll. It'll keep this note. You won't lose it. So you'll have, you'll just have two.
Adam Harrison: Okay, so if you see on the top where you can see now it has EM plus psychotherapy. And then next to it is therapy and med check. So that's your old note. If you could just click if you wanted to go back to it.
brittni roldan: Okay, So for like when I see this new patient with HealthLink, how do I put the billing stuff in? Their profile or do I just send that to you or how does that work?
Adam Harrison: Yeah, we can go through that next. I think either, either will work.
Adam Harrison: But it's pretty easy to just load it in. We are eventually going to do you just take a photo of their insurance and then it will populate. But right now it's a little more manual.
brittni roldan: Okay.
Adam Harrison: All right.
brittni roldan: Feature headway.
Adam Harrison: The photo.
brittni roldan: Yeah, I feel like, I don't know, sometimes it just doesn't work out.
Adam Harrison: Oh, it gets like the information wrong.
brittni roldan: Well, it like has trouble finding the correct plan which I think is hard for a human to do too sometimes.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, yeah, totally. So yeah, go ahead and feel free to take like kind of a look at this note. It's probably a little different than what you've seen in the past. You'll have to probably like, oh, this is interesting. It doesn't have your name in here. So we can set that up for you too so you don't have to type that in every time. We'll come back to that in a second. But yeah, feel free to just kind of take a scroll through and just let me know if you have any questions on. On this note.
brittni roldan: Okay. When it says 30 minutes excluding psychotherapy, where does that come from?
Adam Harrison: That's a good question. I think that comes from the. Yeah, I'll flag this with Jackson. I think it's because this appointment was. So there's two, two ways that we can get the actual time. One is from the note, like how long the recording goes. You can see on the top it looks like this was 51 minutes. The other way is from like the appointment length and the. When you. If you use like the scheduling tool, it'll create an appointment that's like this is a 30 minute appointment. So I think that is where it's pulling that from. Is there a preference that you have between like, oh, I just want to use the recording time or hey, sometimes I forget to record and I want to use the like calendar time or. Or maybe like, hey, I don't really know.
brittni roldan: No, I'm just asking because it's specific for billing. Right. So you know. Okay, so here I did an add on code 90836, which is 36 minutes or more of therapy or something. So let me look at the note in my chart. The note just looks different than I'm used to. So I was just going to take some getting used to, I guess. Because I've been using that plate for like ever. Okay. So my other note says 40 minutes of psychotherapy from 7:15 to 7:55. And my billing section where I just like, you know, edited it or whatever. So I'm just as curious how, how it put that. Because technically I build this as a 90836. So that wouldn't be good. Like it wouldn't be long enough for therapy because it's was 40 minutes, not 30. Or maybe I'm looking at that. Scroll back up there. Yeah, I think that's too long. That should be like, I don't know, the E M time excluding therapy. Yeah. Because it's going to be specific for how long we do therapy.
Adam Harrison: Okay. Yeah, There's a few different places we have time. We have like the recording length time. We have this E and M section where there's like start and stop time. So in this case, like when we do psychotherapy, add on the basis for the EM code is, is not time based. It's always like MDM based. But so really what matters is like the psychotherapy minutes when you're doing the psychotherapy, add on to your point. But you know, I think, I think what you're pointing out is like there's just some discrepancies in like internally within this note. Right.
Adam Harrison: Like this says 30 minutes below it says like it's longer and so like which one is it?
brittni roldan: Right.
Adam Harrison: Okay, that's really helpful. Would you be able to just copy the URL that you're currently on and could you just send that to me? Because I just want our engineering team to like look at this note in particular because this might be like a weird bug that the time is messed up.
brittni roldan: Yeah. Do you mean in the chat or in an email?
Adam Harrison: Either way is fine.
brittni roldan: Okay, I can't find the chat in that. Is that it? Yeah, there it is. Okay, there you go.
Adam Harrison: All right, thank you. Let me take that.
brittni roldan: I will just pass that along.
Adam Harrison: Okay. Well, anyway, this is. Yeah, it's like a slightly different format, so it will probably take a little bit of time to get used to. We can also work with you to customize this if this is not how you want it written. So for now I would just spend a little time orienting yourself, see what you like, see what you don't like and we can talk about how to modify it. So it's custom for you. But basically what would happen is once you're done with this note, You would click sign note on the top. It's like that purple button.
brittni roldan: Yeah, yeah.
Adam Harrison: And it'll just ask you to confirm like if you want to also sign like kind of a dummy note.
Adam Harrison: We can, we can do that too. If there's like a test note. If you don't want to sign this one in particular, that's fine too. But maybe I could.
brittni roldan: Are you gonna. Is it gonna go to billing or something? Is this the real thing or not?
Adam Harrison: No, it's fine. We can. Yeah, so you can sign it. Yeah. And then it'll ask you before you sign. Oh, sorry, before you do that.
brittni roldan: Oh, go back.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, yeah. So before you sign. Yeah, go ahead, click sign. And there's going to be like a few things that ask for so session details. It's just, it's going to pre populate these but it will just ask you to like confirm. So like the modality, the place of service, you know, duration. And then if you cl. If you see the top one is modality, can you just click on that? And it'll. Yeah. So you'll just need to do like it's was obviously zoom. And if you go down to billing codes, which is the next section, this will. It'll pre fill based on what it thinks the codes are. Now I think you said this was actually a 90836, right? So you might like change that. Well, we also will like do our own review, but it's always good to just like check and make sure that it's what you would bill because we'll always take your input over ours. And then there's the diagnosis code as well. And like the psychotherapy minutes which should be in the note as well. And then the last thing is just like, you know, these attestations of like did you confirm the patient location? And you know, you just have to basically just click yes and. Yeah. And then. So yeah, that you'll. You'll do all that. You'll click sign and I won't. I'll make sure this one doesn't get build. There's a little bit of setup here. We can go through it if you want.
Adam Harrison: Now it'll take like probably a minute or two.
brittni roldan: Yeah, that's fine.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, so go ahead and click next.
Adam Harrison: And it should take just like. Yeah, it'll just take like probably one minute to go through this.
brittni roldan: I can't fill that out there, can I?
Adam Harrison: Oh yeah, sorry. It's confusing.
Adam Harrison: It's just where it says signature name that's like what, what you should put.
brittni roldan: Yeah, I see.
Adam Harrison: Yep.
brittni roldan: This is my individual npi. Do you want. We did we decide if I need to use my group or individual or whatever.
Adam Harrison: Oh, let me look back at what you. I think for this is fine to just use your individual because this will not be like what gets billed. This is just for the note. Like, just so that there is a, like, record of your note being signed. Should it ever be, like, could you ever get like, audited or something? They, you know, there just has to be like a sign note. So this won't be connected to billing. The billing is separate. All right, so then it's signed. And then the last step here, just to send it to billing is this Create Claim button. And so that will then create. That's you don't have to actually view the claim. Like, our billing team will do that. So you don't need to like, ever click on View Claim unless you really wanted to, I guess.
brittni roldan: Sorry.
Adam Harrison: No, you're good. So that's the whole step. So all you would have to do is like click Create Claim and then from there, our team will like, take things from there.
brittni roldan: Okay. It says draft. What do I do after that? I'm sorry.
Adam Harrison: Oh, you don't need to do anything. That's just like. That means our team hasn't, like, done anything with it yet.
brittni roldan: Got it. Okay, I see what you're saying.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, yeah. So in this case, just go ahead and click Amend because we, like, don't want to sign this yet. And then now you're back to like, where you were before. So, yeah, that is basically how. How this will work. We. We're actually like set up to start submitting claims for you. So we can do that right away. We just don't have the ERA set up yet. So you're probably still going to get like, checks or wherever you were getting claims sent before. I don't know if you had like a bank account set up with HealthLink.
brittni roldan: No, just checks.
Adam Harrison: Okay. But yeah, we could definitely start if you have notes that you want to submit claims for, you know, from like this one, for example, we. We could definitely like go ahead and submit that. We just won't know until the ERA thing gets set up, which might take a little bit of time. Like what's happening with you getting paid? But we can at least like, submit the claim so that we know it goes out.
brittni roldan: Okay. So how far back can you submit a claim from?
Adam Harrison: So it's. It depends on the payer, of course. Right. Everything depends on the land of insurance, but usually it's 90 days from the date. Some payers, it is 180 but that is, like, a little bit more. Uncommon. And then for, like, Medicaid, it's a full year. So this is, like, your timely filing deadline. I don't. I think you just have, like, commercial payers, right? Yeah. Yeah. So I would say anything to start. Just, like, anything from this year would be good to kind of start with. And we can make sure those are all, like, submitted for you.
brittni roldan: Yeah. Okay. So this guy, I saw him January 2nd, 26th, and February 3rd. So all three of those would be submittable.
Adam Harrison: Definitely. Yeah. Yeah.
brittni roldan: And so do I need to regenerate all of his notes into this one? Like, this template?
Adam Harrison: Yeah, I know it's a little bit of a pain, but, yeah, that would be, like. The process would be, like, exactly what we just went through. Regenerate the note, you know, kind of check and fill out all the stuff in here, which is weird. That's not, like, automatically coming up for you. We can look at that in a second. But yeah, and then just make sure the codes. The most important thing is, like, when you sign, make sure, like, the billing codes are correct, too, because that's what will actually get, like, submitted.
brittni roldan: And if I want to omit part of it for this visit, like, do I just.
Adam Harrison: You just delete it. Yeah. And if that's not, like, a relevant section for you, we can also, like, remove that altogether.
brittni roldan: Well, sometimes I use it, but this guy's not on a controlled substance, so it will never be applicable for him.
Adam Harrison: Okay, then, yeah, in this case, I would just, like, delete that.
brittni roldan: Okay.
Adam Harrison: So I know the time is, like, a little buggy right now. I'm gonna have our team, like, look at that more closely. The psychotherapy stuff.
brittni roldan: Yeah. And that might just. I mean, I wouldn't worry too much about it. I always look at it anyways. I just didn't know where it got that number from.
Adam Harrison: Mm.
brittni roldan: Do you always leave this 25 modifier? I'm not familiar with this. Does this mean telehealth modifier 25 verification?
Adam Harrison: I think this has to do with the psychotherapy add on.
brittni roldan: Oh, okay.
Adam Harrison: Yeah.
brittni roldan: Encounter. Okay. I do like, the more thorough risk assessment. Like, let's see, this template is the one I usually use. The therapy and the med check. It's set up the way I like. It has a little. It has more narrative as well, on, like, what we talk about and stuff. This is not something I'll ever need.
Adam Harrison: The supervision supervisor.
brittni roldan: Yeah.
brittni roldan: I'm an independent np so that we can take out.
Adam Harrison: Okay.
brittni roldan: Yeah. Psychotherapy time documented separately. Yeah. Where exactly does that go? Because it's 40 minutes. Does it just go there?
brittni roldan: So I think with the time, you have to have a start and stop time, I think.
Adam Harrison: Yeah. If you go up to the psychotherapy section.
brittni roldan: Okay.
Adam Harrison: If you scroll up, it should be in there right below. Yeah, that one. So this is saying it's 30 minutes, which is not correct, Right?
brittni roldan: Correct.
Adam Harrison: Yeah. So that's the only thing I would kind of just watch out for is our, like, time stuff is still a little buggy, so it's just worth keeping kind of an eye on it. It'll. Yeah, it's a little bit of a work in progress, as you can see.
brittni roldan: What does this mean? Oh, if I talk to somebody else either. I don't do bae. I don't do vitals because I'm remote. Okay. Now I think it's about ready to go.
Adam Harrison: Great. And were the codes, like the diagnosis codes? Were those the ones that you would use?
brittni roldan: It's also on the top there. It was already from the note I did, so it should just carry over. I usually copy and paste it from my previous note to the. Where the hell is it here?
Adam Harrison: Oh, I think it's bottom. I forget. Yeah, it looks like there.
brittni roldan: Well, it's actually F33.1.
Adam Harrison: Oh. Considered to do the wrong one.
brittni roldan: I mean, I just had a moderate and I think recurrent, not single episode, but let's see.
Adam Harrison: Okay, so before you sign it is. This is a little confusing.
Adam Harrison: So there's, like, the codes that are in the note, and then there's. Then there's, like, the things that will go to Billing, and billing will be. If you go to amend, billing will be like the things you see on the top here. Do you see, like, the 992-149-0836, like, right below where it says record on the very top of your screen?
brittni roldan: Yeah, those.
Adam Harrison: Those are the things that'll go to Billing. So right now you kind of have to edit it two places. You need to edit it, like, in the note and then also, like, on the top here, we'll eventually be able to, like, have that be a bit more streamlined. But. But I would just do, like, a check and make sure that those are actually the codes that you want to use. If you click on it, it'll let you. It'll let you edit it. Yeah, you could just, like, exit out. There you go. Yeah. And then the star is just for, like, whichever one is primary.
brittni roldan: Okay.
Adam Harrison: So you just, like. If you want to make that one primary, you just click on it.
brittni roldan: Oh, okay.
Adam Harrison: Yeah.
brittni roldan: All right. So you have to do it there. And when you sign the note,
Adam Harrison: one or the other one, they're the same.
brittni roldan: Okay, got it.
Adam Harrison: Yeah. Right now, it's kind of like the note that you see. I like that you scroll down is more like. That's more like the audit, like, artifacts that you need to maintain. And then what's on the top of the screen when you click Sign Note, that's like, what gets sent to Billing.
Adam Harrison: So they're, like, slightly different, but it's good to just make sure that they are, like, coherent with each other.
brittni roldan: Okay. And then for this template, can I add other sections to it?
Adam Harrison: Yeah, you can definitely add other sections.
brittni roldan: Okay.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, yeah. It's like any other template. We just kind of, like, have this as, like, a base template, so to speak, for billing, because it has all the, like, telehealth modifier stuff and yada, yada, yada.
brittni roldan: Okay.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, you can totally edit it. Same as any other template. Just don't go crazy, because then some weird stuff might happen. But. But yeah, it should be totally fine.
brittni roldan: I try not to go crazy too often.
Adam Harrison: Great. All right. I know we're kind of coming up on. We're way over time, but the. The last thing here is, like, patient payments, so with, like, co pays and stuff like that. How have you been doing that right now for your HealthLink patients?
brittni roldan: I'm not.
Adam Harrison: Okay. Have you seen our, like, patient payment stuff in Job Psych? I think we did the stripe setup last time, but I don't think we did, like, a demo on the patient payment stuff.
brittni roldan: Yeah, I don't. I don't remember seeing that part.
Adam Harrison: Okay, well, two options. I think we could either, like, schedule some more time to do that, or if you want to just dive in now and keep going, we could. We can keep plowing through, but it's also, like, I don't want to exhaust you all at once.
Adam Harrison: So we can just kind of.
brittni roldan: I don't mind if you have time. I could do another 20 minutes or so if you want.
Adam Harrison: Okay, great. Let's maybe. Yeah, let's maybe stick with, like. Do you collect, like, credit card info at all for any of these patients or anything like that? Okay, well, I'll just do kind of like a demo for you. So go ahead and go to the patients tab and. Yeah, go. Let's. Let's do Jesse, because I think he. We were just looking at him. Right. If you go over to where it says payments on the left side of your screen next to Overview. Oh, it's. It's down a little further. Yeah, right there. So what you can do is you can add, like, a credit card on file. And so then basically this will just.
Adam Harrison: If you click add, it'll pull up a screen that's. That has, like, you know, kind of just what you would expect for a credit card thing. And then you can just, like, have that saved on file. And then anytime you want to request a payment, you. So if you close out of this, if you just go to the payment tab on the bottom. Oh, yeah. Where it says, unlike this little floating thing on the bottom, there should be a payment thing. And then this will. There's like, a little setup here. We can. I guess. Yeah, we can go through it now just so you have it set up. This is just like, basically what will happen is they will get a text message of, like, Britney is requesting, you know, 20 copay.
brittni roldan: Okay.
Adam Harrison: So that's just like, how you want it to appear. Here. And then let's see what else you need here. I think that's it. I think you have everything, so you can go ahead and get started. Yeah. And then. So there's two ways payments can work. One is if you don't have a credit card on file, you can do this, and it will send them a text message. They'll get a link on their phone, and then they can just, like, make the payment on their phone. The. The good thing about that is, like, all you need is their phone number, and you can, like, send requests. The bad thing is, you know, they may or may not pay you. Right? So. So, yeah, that's. That's like option one.
Adam Harrison: Option two is if you have a credit card on file with them, this screen will, like, look a little different and you'll just say, like, you know, like, bill patient $20.
Adam Harrison: Okay, so you are on our. I believe you're on our, like, our plan where we will actually, like, do the billing for you.
brittni roldan: Yeah.
Adam Harrison: For the patients and insurance. So all that we would need for you to do is just like, is just collect the credit card info and the insurance info so we know, like, what the copay amount is and all that. And then we can, like, request the payments on your behalf.
brittni roldan: Okay.
Adam Harrison: And normally we would just do that, like, alongside the actual, like, when the claim is ready is when we would also, like, that last thing we did of, like, you know, signing the note, submitting the claim. Normally we would just handle that and the patient responsibility, like, kind of together. So you can think of it as, like, whenever the note gets signed is when, like, this patient also gets billed for their part.
brittni roldan: Okay. And you're saying you guys initiate that, right? Or do. Am I responsible for collecting copay?
Adam Harrison: No, we do that. The only thing we need is, like, we can't do anything unless you put, like, at minimum, the patient phone number in. And then ideally, like, also their credit card, but not required.
brittni roldan: Right. Okay, I'll do that later.
Adam Harrison: But, yeah, that's pretty much it.
brittni roldan: Okay. That was easy.
Adam Harrison: All right. That wasn't. That wasn't 20 minutes.
brittni roldan: That was, like five minutes.
Adam Harrison: So that's much better than I expected. All right, cool. Well, I think we kind of have what we need here. I think next steps for each of us.
Adam Harrison: On my side, I will get that ERA thing in process. It's going to take a little time. It's going to be a little painful. I might need to pull you in, but. But we'll get it done. And then on my side, I will also get the insurance info for these patients loaded up here so we can start billing. And then on your side, just whenever you have like, time, if you can go through and like, you know, basically like submit those claims for any visits you want us to bill and, and load in any patient info of like, phone numbers or credit cards, then we can handle all the billing stuff. And yeah, no need to like, write this down either. I will send you an email with all this stuff so you'll have it.
brittni roldan: Okay.
Adam Harrison: All right, well, that is pretty much it. As far as, like, going forward, we have like a few different options. We can just kind of like schedule as needed stuff or we can kind of put like a checkpoint on the calendar for next week just in case there's like blockers or something like that. Usually that's what I recommend. And we can always just cancel if we don't need to meet, but. Yeah. Would you be able to, like, do you have some time Tuesday next week where we could just quickly check in and if there's anything we need to go through, we can. If not, we can just cancel it?
brittni roldan: Yeah. How about 11:00am on the 3rd? 11:00am Central Standard Time.
Adam Harrison: Yep, that works.
Adam Harrison: Okay, so I'll just do this as a check in. We pretty much have what we need. So this will more be like if you have questions as you're going through your older appointments and notes, or if I have questions on, like, getting your zealous account set up that I need from you.
brittni roldan: Okay, sounds good.
Adam Harrison: All right, well, that's all I have. Thank you for staying over time with me. We are close. I know it's a lot to go through, but we are. We are getting there. So thank you.
brittni roldan: Okay, thanks. And then one other question. We're just doing HealthLink right now, right? Blue Cross Blue Shield as well. Correct.
Adam Harrison: Are you seeing any Blue Cross Blue Shield patients?
brittni roldan: Yes, but I'm using the billing system headway.
Adam Harrison: Oh, okay. I think if you wanted to move them out of headway, we could. If you can't, if they came through headway, I think they have to stay in headway. But if you, like, put them in headway just for billing, I think they can come out. But yeah, we could definitely do that too. Assuming you can take them out of headway.
brittni roldan: Yeah. Headway is just a billing system. It's not. I don't think they're locked in there. Grow therapy. I think they are. That one's different. But headway, I don't think so.
Adam Harrison: Okay, great. Well, yeah, in that case, we should kind of follow a similar process for.
Adam Harrison: Was it Blue Cross Blue Shield, you said. And you connected me with who did your credentialing, right? Steve. But he's a health. Link guy. So was there someone from Blue Cross who did your credentialing?
brittni roldan: Okay, I have a welcome email. Let me see what this says. Yeah, I sent. I sent them an email. It does say no reply, so maybe I shouldn't have done that. But, yeah, it says I'm a network provider with them, so. So I don't know, maybe I'll forward you this email and you can.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, that's fine. Do you have, like, a welcome letter from them that you got?
brittni roldan: It says welcome email, so, yeah.
Adam Harrison: Okay.
brittni roldan: I don't know about. I don't see anything attached to it.
Adam Harrison: Something that just has, like, the NPI that you're registered with and the tax ID and, like, all that. All that jazz.
brittni roldan: Yeah, I don't see it. So we're gonna. I'm gonna have to find out some more about that. It just says, congratulations. Your request to become a Blue Cross Blue Shield of Illinois provider has been approved.
Adam Harrison: Okay. All right. I can, like, dig into that and try to. Try to figure that out. So I'll just send you an email if I need anything there.
brittni roldan: Okay.
Adam Harrison: The one thing I will definitely need is, like, just your. The same thing we did with, like, the insurance cards is just, like, a similar thing for them. Do you have a lot of those patients, or is it, like, a pretty small amount?
brittni roldan: I'm just gonna have to start paying attention as I build people because I don't know if there's a way for me to find out easily on that or not.
Adam Harrison: Okay, no worries. Yeah, we can just, like, take it as it comes.
brittni roldan: That's totally fine. Yeah.
Adam Harrison: Cool.
brittni roldan: Okay.
Adam Harrison: All right, so go ahead.
brittni roldan: Sorry, I just said thanks.
Adam Harrison: No, thank you. I. Thank you. Yeah, I'll be in touch over email with, like, just a recap, but talk next week.
brittni roldan: Okay, sounds good. Bye. Bye.
Adam Harrison: Thank you. Bye.