Nathan Peereboom: Meredith, have we. We met before?
Meredith Hogarty: I feel like maybe.
Nathan Peereboom: Maybe. Okay.
Meredith Hogarty: Your name is definitely familiar.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, I. I do get put on a lot of emails, I suppose. Well, it's. It's great to meet you. Even if this is the second time to meet you again. My name is Nate. As you know, I'm the CEO and co founder of JOT Psych. And I'm really excited to talk to you today. I mean we are launching this whole new suite of products around billing and around helping you get paid for the good work you do. And I guess just to start out, I'd love to understand a little bit of your world. Like where do you practice, what kind of clients do you see, how big is your clinic and then of course you know what's going on in your billing world.
Meredith Hogarty: Sure. So I'm a psychiatric nurse practitioner. It's just me right now. I also have a dietitian on staff, but she sees very few patients. We'd like that to build, but it just. That's on hold for right now. So I probably have close to like 400 patients. Patients, clinic hours. I probably do about, I don't know, like 20, 25 a week. I see mostly women. Some men I see ages 16 and up, but the majority are 18 and older. I treat depression, anxiety, PTSD, OCD, bipolar disorder. Most of my patients are higher functioning professionals. It is insurance based.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, very cool.
Meredith Hogarty: And I have a medical, so she helps me with it.
Nathan Peereboom: Oh, interesting. What does your medical assistant do?
Meredith Hogarty: Oh, lots of stuff. So she helps. She's kind of like my right hand while I'm with patients. So anytime a patient needs something, they will email or call her. So she deals with any pharmacy issues. She does prior authorizations. She will email patients if I have things I need to tell them. Like after a follow up, she will call pharmacies for me. You know, if patients are calling complaining of side effects, she'll call and get more information. She schedules all my appointments. All that stuff I get, I have her through. I don't know if you're familiar with the agency. Hello, Rach, it's. Yeah, so it's a. It's an agency. It's a U.S. company, but they contract registered nurses in the Philippines, so they are very inexpensive for what they do. But because of the exchange rate, it's actually a really good salary. So. And I was in a previous private practice where I hired people to come in and do this. And the medical assistant that I've had through. Hello. Is the best medical assistant I've ever had. The work ethic is just very different. So.
Nathan Peereboom: So. Hello. Rach.
Nathan Peereboom: This is really cool. Okay.
Meredith Hogarty: Virtual assistants. Amazing. It's really cool. And they're registered nurses in the Philippines. Like, they're legit, so that's awesome.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay.
Meredith Hogarty: Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: Wow. You might be selling me something today. This is a very cool service. Okay, that's super helpful.
Nathan Peereboom: How do you do billing?
Meredith Hogarty: Yep.
Nathan Peereboom: And in particular, I'm curious about, like, why you're interested in the billing. In billing support. Like, what's going. What's frustrating, what's hard about it at the moment.
Meredith Hogarty: Yes. So I. You. You might know my biller, because I referred. I set you guys up. Her name is Michelle Lynn, so I know that.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, yeah.
Meredith Hogarty: So that's my biller. That's how, you know Michelle is through me. So I use her. So between you and me, not Michelle, you know, I pay her about 12 to 13 hundred dollars a month. I would love to keep that money, you know, and like, maybe like, hire my husband and like, put that into like a 401k instead of giving it to her. So, like, I guess my. My interest is, you know, is jot. Psych. Creating a billing service where I don't need a biller and, like, I can be confident in what I'm doing. I can get my money as quickly as she can, like, all that stuff. So that's what. That's why I'm interested.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay. Gotcha. Okay. Well, that makes a lot of sense when you think about what it would. What you would need in order to do it sounds like your own billing or, you know, have your husband do your billing. What are the things that you are clicking through in your. In your mind? Like, what are the things where you're like, oh, I would need this and I need that and I do this.
Meredith Hogarty: Yeah. One thing I would need is definitely an easy way to confirm eligibility and what their co Pay is, what their deductible is. And that has to be very easy. Sometimes it is not easy. Like, sometimes there is just like all this information and it's like, okay, like just. Just what are the nuts and bolts here?
Meredith Hogarty: So just really clear, really spelled out. Even also having how much they've met on their deductible. So just like having this information. Another thing that would be really cool is knowing when patients insurance is up. Like they, like they're not going to have it anymore or it's switched because that definitely clogs the system a lot. So like right now what I have is even like an automated email of some sort to go out to a patient. Like it appears that your, you know, insurance is up or like it appears that you have new insurance. Could you please put it here in the portal?
Meredith Hogarty: So right now I have my medical assistant checking every week eligibility and then emailing all the patients. It just slowly low. So if that could be automated and then, you know, and then just like the obvious parts about just making it very user friendly, that it just kind of. You submit your super bill, it like goes in to wherever it needs to go and then you get paid. And if there are any issues, like the issues are very obvious and like be fixed easily.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, okay. Okay. Yeah, that makes, that makes a lot of sense. What have you tried? I mean, have you tried other software that kind of gets at some of those things or, or not?
Meredith Hogarty: I have not like back like when I first started my practice in 2017, like my ex partner and I tried but did not put much effort into it. And we're just like, what the hell is this? And you know, everywhere, all the information we saw was like, you're going to waste way too much time on billing. You should be seeing patients, like hire a biller. And like, I guess my curiosity is like, can AI and jot Psych change that? Like change that script, right? Like, this actually isn't going to take that much time and you can do it. That's, that's where I don't know. So that's why I was curious.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, totally.
Meredith Hogarty: Because Jot sight changed my life in other ways. So I'm wondering if it could change my life.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, yeah, completely. I mean, the dream that you're describing is definitely like what we're trying, what we're trying to build right now. We, we have some of those components. So let me ask you, have you used JOT audit? Have you used that program?
Meredith Hogarty: No, not yet.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay. I want to show you some things that you already have access to that I think will start to sort of add to your sense that you could do your own billing. And as you look through them, like I would, I would be really, really interested in your feedback. In fact, like, if you were open to it, I'd love to show you these things and then to like let you use them for like, you know, a period of time. And then really like, I'd love to connect you to our product manager, because, again, our dream is like your dream. Like, we want you to be able to do your own billing, and we want to make it really, really automated for you, so. Okay, first thing, eligibility checks. So when you go into job site now, you can get eligibility done for you here. So that's already in the software. We just have to set up some time to transition your patient data into job site so that we like know, know what to say on the phone with the insurance company. So this is fully automated. JWT Audit is a service where. Well, it's not a service, it's part of the software, but it reads through all of your notes and then it makes suggestions for CPT codes. But it also grades all of the, all the notes based on what you need for that CPT code to be reimbursed. And you can see when you go to your JOT audit kind of platform, you can add rules as much as you want. This is a great place to start. You can create rules and then you can see where you're strong and where you need to maybe make some changes to how, you know, go through the documentation. Clinicians obviously, doesn't really matter because it's just to you. But then you. We also can add you to a pilot program if you'd like, where you're submitting claims directly through job Psych. So, so all of that is completely, you know, accessible to you.
Meredith Hogarty: Now where do the claims go? Like, are you guys a clearinghouse too? Like, how does that work?
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, yeah, so this is where we start to get into, you know, our billing service territory. So if you decide to go with us, we will.
Nathan Peereboom: And again, there's, there's different tiers of this, but if you wanted us to manage your. Sorry, where's it here? If you wanted us to manage your payments. So basically say, hey, we're going to take your era and like make sure that your contract is coherent with your eras. Your eras are coherent with your, with what's actually being received in your bank account. We do charge kind of a Michelle similar fee. I don't know what Michelle charges, but it's probably similar. And this does require us being in the loop as human beings. Now eventually that will like probably fall away. But right now this is something that still requires a human. So our billing service is AI plus human billing. And that's kind of just one of the, that's one of the natures of, you know, the, the system as is. Now we have a program where, you know, if you are working with a biller, we like to start out with a JOT bill analysis. And what the job bill analysis does is we charge $300 for it because it takes some people. But we try and answer three questions for you. One, what are you earning today? Two, where is your money getting delayed or lost?
Nathan Peereboom: And three, how much is there to actually change or improve? So this would be, like, a really good step in my mind for you. What it would allow you to see is, you know, what are we doing well? Or, you know, and what could we support you in improving? I guess, just out of curiosity, is this, like, an interesting first step for you?
Meredith Hogarty: So there's a couple things. One, I don't. And I. I don't know who I talked to the other day, but he was taking over for the other guy that I used to talk to. I can get his name if that would be helpful. I feel like it began with an A.
Nathan Peereboom: Adam.
Meredith Hogarty: Adam, yes. Okay. So I was speaking to him, and one of the things I talked to him about is specifically that. So in my job, I don't put any names. I only put identification numbers. And the reason for that is because I do not like that you guys keep the transcripts.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay.
Meredith Hogarty: And that is something that will. I won't go further with anything if the transcripts are kept, like. And I have many thoughts on it. Like, yeah, there are other scribes that they'll delete it in 30 days, which I'm fine with. Or they'll delete it as soon as the note is signed. But there's two big reasons. One, legality, like, if I'm ever sued and people find out that I have these transcripts, like, that that's not cool. Like, those can definitely be used. And, like, I've read some of the transcripts, and it's like, oh, my God, I said that. Like, it's just, like, I don't like it. And then the other thing is, is just, you know, like, you're in psych, and, like, this is a psych platform. And, like, I know that it's all HIPAA compliant, but, like, people tell us some, like, really, you know, tough stuff that they don't tell anybody else. If I had on my consent that these were still out there, like, no one would sign it.
Nathan Peereboom: No one would.
Meredith Hogarty: So I don't know what's going on with that. But that right there. I won't go further with anything else, like patient information or using it at for billing or an ehr. So I don't know what you guys are, what your plan is with that. That's where I stop.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, it's so funny. We're, like, rolling out this new feature where you can set a timer on all the data in jot psych so that it deletes. But after your conversation with Adam, he messaged, like, the whole company being like, we have to, like, do this. It's like such a good idea. So all I can tell you is it's a high priority for us. It's not that hard to do, technically. And if it's a deal breaker for you and we can get to. If it's the kind of thing where you're serious about moving forward with us, we can make it something that happens in the next week or so.
Meredith Hogarty: Yes, I would definitely move forward. Like, as an ehr, I gotta look at the billing stuff more. But that's what keeps me from not going. Not making the change. I mean, it is a pain in the ass that, like, I have to copy stuff and put it into the ehr. Like, I have my medical assistants doing that. Like, I would love to switch, but that's the only reason why I haven't. So if that. I'm glad to hear that that is a priority because that's awesome. So. Okay, great. So with the billing. So I don't pay a percentage.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay.
Meredith Hogarty: And I know that that's not common. Yeah. But that is one reason why I love Michelle. She charges. I Forget if it's 25 or $30 an hour.
Meredith Hogarty: So I would have to look at my numbers and see what the percentage would be and if I would. And I guess the other question is, it's like, are you guys always going to charge a percentage? Like, what does this look like
Nathan Peereboom: if we are involved as, like, people doing the billing? Yeah, it's going to be a percentage because that's standard in the industry.
Meredith Hogarty: So I'm not.
Nathan Peereboom: You also. Okay, great. Yeah. I mean, then I think that. I mean, the software is not. Not charged as a percentage. I mean, if you're just using the software, it's just a subscription fee. So that's probably your best. Your best move. That would be my recommendation. I do think that. I do think that probably what you're ultimately, like, interested in is using us as an ehr. And this week we're launching E Prescription. So one thing that I'd be curious about is maybe the best next steps are that we. Yeah, probably the best next step I'm thinking about it is that we go back and confirm that we can delete your transcripts and then maybe get you started on bringing some patient data over so we can do things like eligibility checks. I think eligibility checks are a nice, like, toe dip into using us as a billing software.
Nathan Peereboom: And once you do eligibility checks and you start using the JOT audit program, that would probably. Those are probably like the right next steps to being like, okay, I'm feeling like this is going in the right direction. How does that sound to you?
Meredith Hogarty: I think that sounds great.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay. I'm gonna look at my calendar also. Are you interested in E Prescription? I.
Nathan Peereboom: I assumed that you would be. Yeah. Okay.
Meredith Hogarty: Yeah.
Meredith Hogarty: Right now I'm using Doctor first, which I absolutely hate. It was funny because in the. Oh, the advisory board meeting the other day, everyone was like, we're not using Dr. First. And I was like, thank God. And it was just funny because it's horrible.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. People absolutely hate it. Okay, let's do this. Let's set up. Okay. I'm just thinking about, like, staging here. Let's set up our. Like a Jot rx. That's what we're calling our E prescription offering on Friday. How does that sound?
Meredith Hogarty: Sure. So this Friday.
Nathan Peereboom: This Friday.
Meredith Hogarty: Yep.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, so I'm gonna put this on. Wait, sorry. Let me calendar and then let me make sure Becca can make it. See, actually, you know what? Wednesday would, would actually work better for us.
Meredith Hogarty: Sure.
Nathan Peereboom: And I understand that you're like, we need to get you an answer on these transcripts like asap, but I think that we can probably get this done. So how does 3:30 Wednesday work for you?
Meredith Hogarty: That's fine.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay. And that's eastern time. Is that all right?
Meredith Hogarty: Yes.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay. So gonna put Ja RX onboarding. Okay, great. Okay, perfect. Boom, boom, boom. That looks right. Join Google, meet set, invite all guests. Okay, perfect. I just sent that.
Nathan Peereboom: So you should have an invite in your inbox. And then in terms of getting started with eligibility checks. So the nice thing is, yeah, in terms of getting started with eligibility checks, I think that we could probably kick that off on Friday if that, if. If that works for you. And again, it's just an introduction so you can see how we work and you know, whether that works for you. And again, I totally understand that a priori to all of this is that we delete your transcript. So I.
Meredith Hogarty: I know that you understand that.
Nathan Peereboom: So Wednesday.
Meredith Hogarty: I apologize. I thought you meant that it was just going to turn on at 3:30. I can't meet at 3:30.
Nathan Peereboom: Oh, okay. That's all right.
Meredith Hogarty: Sorry. Thursday afternoon or that's really it for this week.
Nathan Peereboom: Thursday afternoon?
Meredith Hogarty: Yes.
Nathan Peereboom: There's Tuesday and Thursday we can't do, unfortunately.
Nathan Peereboom: What day can you typically do? We can do Wednesdays and Fridays.
Meredith Hogarty: Okay.
Nathan Peereboom: We have a. We have a policy at the company where we don't do meetings on Tuesday and Thursday because those are like deep work days.
Meredith Hogarty: You gotta get work done. I got it.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, I know it's kind of like annoying, but we try and be pretty, like militant about it because we, we find that it benefits the customers in the long term.
Meredith Hogarty: I could do 11 on Friday.
Nathan Peereboom: 11 on Friday. See if that works. Yeah, that works.
Meredith Hogarty: Okay, great.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, this here Friday, send. Okay, cool. Great. I just sent that in your direction. And then in terms of. Let's do eligibility check kickoffs. Maybe next week?
Meredith Hogarty: Sure.
Nathan Peereboom: All right, perfect. Let's see. Add on this. Okay, so how does. 11am on Monday work for you?
Meredith Hogarty: Doesn't. I have a patient. I could do 9am that might be too early for you guys. I can do a 9am on Monday. I can do 9am Works.
Nathan Peereboom: 9am Eastern. That works.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, yeah, yeah. Meredith, how. How late do you think we sleep in over here?
Meredith Hogarty: I don't know. Where are you guys again?
Nathan Peereboom: We're in Washington, D.C.
Meredith Hogarty: oh, my gosh. I thought you guys were on it. Just like. I think I just assumed you guys were out in California.
Nathan Peereboom: I'm so flattered by that, but no, we're. We're an east coast company.
Meredith Hogarty: Okay, well, I'm on the east coast too then. Okay, so nine works. Awesome. Yeah, I just. It's funny how our brains do that, right? Like, oh, startup. Like, you're obviously in Cali.
Nathan Peereboom: Exactly. Okay. All right, so. So you now have two. Two kind of go forward situations.
Nathan Peereboom: There's e prescription, which you'll onboard to on Friday, and then on Monday, you'll onboard to our eligibility kickoffs and we'll make sure that the transcript situation is fixed before then. Okay.
Meredith Hogarty: Okay, great. I just have one question, and I don't know if this is a question for you or like the person I'm going to meet with about the billing. One thing that I see comes up when it's like, choosing my codes because I code, like, it'll say like, 99213, low to moderate complexity. And I'm like, well, if this is moderate complexity, I'm doing nine, nine, two, and four. And so I. I see that a lot. So I'm just kind of like, huh. Like, I wonder why they. It keeps saying low to moderate. Because, like, if it's moderate, it's moderate. Like, there's no.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah.
Meredith Hogarty: Do you know what I mean? So I was 100. Like, what that. What, what that meant?
Nathan Peereboom: It's a great question. Can I set you up for. Because you know how I was saying, like, as we do this roll out the JOT audit thing, we need feedback on it.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, that's part of the JOT audit.
Meredith Hogarty: Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: Program. Could I just like, tack on like a meet. Like a small meeting with our product manager about that?
Meredith Hogarty: Sure, that's fine.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay. Maybe we do that on Monday as well. Do you have any other time? Monday?
Meredith Hogarty: Let me look. Monday the 16th.
Nathan Peereboom: Monday the 16th. Yeah. We could actually do it right after your eligibility kickoff. We could do it at, like.
Meredith Hogarty: That won't work. I have an intake. I could do 3 o' clock on Monday.
Nathan Peereboom: 3 o' clock doesn't work for us, unfortunately.
Meredith Hogarty: I could do. Let's see. I could do Monday, Wednesday, Friday. You said Monday.
Nathan Peereboom: Wednesday, Friday.
Meredith Hogarty: I could do 12:30 on Wednesday the 18th.
Meredith Hogarty: Or does that work?
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. So.
Meredith Hogarty: Feedback and then the. Just so I can write this in my notes. So the meeting. I was just writing. Meeting with JOT Psych, but I need to know what it is. So the meeting on Monday is the eligibility, and then the. The meeting this Friday is the prescription.
Nathan Peereboom: Exactly. And what I've done is I've sent you calendar invites that say exactly like, what they're about.
Meredith Hogarty: Perfect. Helpful.
Nathan Peereboom: All right. JOT Audit unit interview with. Okay, good, good, good. Send, send.
Meredith Hogarty: Awesome. Okay, great. When I first shared Michelle to Michelle about you guys, she's like, it sounds like they're trying to get me out of a job. And I was like, hey, I. A lot of people, unfortunately.
Nathan Peereboom: Oh, man. Well, we all want to just focus on the things we.
Meredith Hogarty: I know, right?
Nathan Peereboom: People should focus on. And fighting with insurance companies is not. Is not where we want humans spending a lot of time, you know?
Meredith Hogarty: Oh, I agree. I agree.
Nathan Peereboom: Awesome.
Meredith Hogarty: Sounds great. And I appreciate you guys being so open to our feedback. I think it's really cool.
Nathan Peereboom: We're super excited. All right, great. Well, I have to run, but we. Meredith, amazing to see you. I'm so excited for the next steps here. And. Yeah, have a great Monday.
Meredith Hogarty: Okay, you too. Bye.
Nathan Peereboom: All right, take care. Bye. Bye.