Emily Kaiser: Account. And just kind of applying payment. So what we'll do is what we'll have you actually log into jot psych.com okay. And we do two week free trials so as we kind of talked about yesterday there are so many different things involved in jot psych that you can kind of choose a la carte. So with jot psych which is the AI scribe portion of it. Basically you can use it for your note taking and you have access to that for two weeks to like experience jot psych as a platform okay so that's what we'll kind of do we'll start a two week trial and then we'll cancel it on our end before your trial ends so you're not charged for the whole month. Okay unless for some reason you come back and you say you know I want to keep the AI scribe feature we don't have to cancel it but we'll do payment today.
Emily Kaiser: Okay perfect any questions for me on that?
Emily Kaiser: No and when we meet back again or even before we leave today if you want I can kind of give you know a five minute demo on Jot site just so you can get the most out of the two week trial if you want.
Emily Kaiser: Okay okay cool. So we'll go to jot psych.com. And then I'm going to have you share your screen.
Rachelle Sawyer: Oh I'm at work I don't know if I can
Emily Kaiser: oh okay not a big deal if not I can try to navigate you through. Let me know when you're at jot psych.
Rachelle Sawyer: All right let me get psych. Is it try for free or request a demo try for free for free okay.
Emily Kaiser: Login.
Rachelle Sawyer: Don't have an account sign up all right let's easy enough put under sacred Wellness Center. Writing down a password really quickly so I don't forget that no problem take your time.
Emily Kaiser: So so funny that you are from Flushing that's right up the road for me I'm in White Lake oh my goodness that is so
Rachelle Sawyer: fun what happened to this well it just bopped me out hold on let me get back into it okay
Emily Kaiser: let me know if you have any questions
Rachelle Sawyer: yeah I will I don't know it could be all right try for free let's do it. Okay there we go. My business stuff in here I'm gonna say pmhmp. It's going to say other. I don't know who called me for the cold call but. Cold call from.
Rachelle Sawyer: Chad oh Jack I believe gotcha all right. From Jack. Well you guys have that I don't have a recurral let's see here's my consent I've read it fantastic. And then let me get this digit code for eight. Okay verify. English choose how to refer to the subject let's do client. Next. Hold your first encounter. Hi my name is Rachelle I don't know if it's going to let me. There's no way to record on this either.
Emily Kaiser: Is it asking for your microphone access okay that's okay let's just go at what happens if you click enable.
Rachelle Sawyer: It. Well I can say I'm not going to allow while I'm using this site oh it got me to where okay now I got to the part where it just like now looks like the no okay
Emily Kaiser: yeah perfect okay cool and were you able to well actually no so you probably didn't it didn't prompt you to put in your credit card yet has it no so what you'll do is you will go to do you see your initials at the top right corner.
Emily Kaiser: Yes this is sa yep so go ahead and click that okay and then let's see here. Make sure i'm directing you to the right place.
Rachelle Sawyer: Verified email.
Emily Kaiser: I am wondering if you go to my access. Under that account setting oh yes does it give you an option to input your credit card.
Rachelle Sawyer: To manage your subscription or update your plan visit the clinicians page.
Emily Kaiser: Okay so that will be under your practice at the top.
Rachelle Sawyer: Yes I have that yep this is manager organization clinicians.
Emily Kaiser: Did it take you to your practice it did and I
Rachelle Sawyer: have so I have like your clinicians your subscription data and security so like the different tabs up at the top okay perfect so.
Emily Kaiser: Sorry I just want to make sure I'm getting you to the right place to the site. Okay so your subscription next to clinicians and then you should see add payment method. Under trialing or next to trialing at the top when you hit your subscription.
Rachelle Sawyer: Patient that's patient payments clinical documents your subscription. My basic plan is 150 billing cycle or monthly or annual payment method input ad yes
Emily Kaiser: and then we like I said you'll have two weeks to try out the system and then we'll cancel on our end before you hit you get charged with that 150 unless we hear from you otherwise that you want to continue the this feature specifically the AI scribe.
Rachelle Sawyer: I probably will what was the I guess with all the all the bells and whistles how much does it totality
Emily Kaiser: for cost see if I can get you just one price I have a sheet here that has all of the different options basically but let me see. Okay so everything you can do everything or you can do custom so we have so many different features but everything would be 269 a month. Okay that would basically include the jot site drop bill jot cred job audit. I don't know if we we did talk briefly about billing yeah that basically you can do all billing and everything through us and again with this website if you choose to use jot psych. So I can show you basically I don't know if you saw it as you were kind of navigating to the payment but there was a schedule option but for your website if you use jot psych there'll be a calendar embedded on your website and it'll bring people to scheduled and it will hit your job site directly kind of as an EHR.
Emily Kaiser: Oh okay so if you continue the AI scribe then that's what we would put on your website that would be cool yeah
Rachelle Sawyer: that's not too bad at all for cost so right
Emily Kaiser: right I mean I don't know if you're currently using a bunch of different systems but from what I'm hearing from a lot of other customers and clients
Rachelle Sawyer: are I would have to yes because I would have to use different systems so and then then you've got everything out there and you know like I just went through this and I'm like okay my credit card got hacked and so it just came in mail yesterday and you're like what do I have on auto pay and yeah I know I get it one stop shop is just so much easier especially with you know I'm new now but with ketamine like I have so many people waiting in line to can't wait till I'm they're like I want to work with you and I'm like all right let me get there
Emily Kaiser: that's great that's awesome that's super exciting so yeah exciting and a little nervous I'm a little nervous
Rachelle Sawyer: at the same time you know
Emily Kaiser: right so we can run you through your two week trial and then we can I mean we'll do a follow up meeting in about a week just to look at your website and do everything like that we can kind of touch base and see what you're liking out of the features that you're seeing on your end and we can either build a custom plan or we can get you going with everything plan at the 269 a month whatever
Rachelle Sawyer: decide on absolutely probably what I'll do is I'll put in like some like test patients on my end and then I'll get in there and start playing around and then yeah I mean because I have one patient in my other my other platform and I can flip her over but yeah I've got a patient that I'll be calling tonight and possibly go in there this weekend so yeah I mean I may be something where I can input her if she wants to definitely sign on with me
Emily Kaiser: so definitely and you actually will see a patient in there named Alfred Appleseed and he is our demo patient that you can kind of play with
Rachelle Sawyer: okay good so once I get through the credit card credit card part and we can just go up to like schedule and clients
Emily Kaiser: and stuff like that so do you see like active do you see all good to go on your end?
Rachelle Sawyer: I see yeah I did the billing and auditing I can go back into yeah I did on there
Emily Kaiser: okay great awesome view put us at the top and like that I can at the end of our call here I can kind of do a quick demo show you all the different features that you'll have access to over the two weeks. We go to scale at the top that will give you an idea of what your calendar looks like to you as a clinician but also to your patients as a schedule.
Rachelle Sawyer: Okay.
Emily Kaiser: And then you have a CAD you have a four I'm sorry.
Rachelle Sawyer: Oh I'm sorry to two test patients I saw them
Emily Kaiser: okay okay perfect so kind of gives you an idea of it.
Emily Kaiser: Yes okay cool so let's go ahead and we will come back to the website or jot psych in general but I would love to ask you a full question and I know I had the opportunity to know your business a little bit yesterday but I'd love to know a little bit more on a deeper level so we kind of build your website from that is okay with
Rachelle Sawyer: you absolutely I actually let me pull up my website just not that it's not that I don't know anything is on there.
Emily Kaiser: But sure no problem.
Rachelle Sawyer: Because the website just because there's things on there like yeah it's great but you know it's when I started doing this I was kind of like more on the mindset of not like the provider but it's great and all but some of the feedback that I've heard and I want it to be like too woo woo you know and it's nice and pretty and people are like oh they're like yeah you're we can tell that you're definitely not like just 100% medical right because I do everything and so yeah it's I love it it's pretty and it's great but at the same time some people I think when I because I've got tarot card readings and stuff like that on here I think that would be nice to have but I don't know where I should put it because I think that that's what maybe to be a yeah because some people are really religious and they're like oh.
Emily Kaiser: For sure okay cool and I would love at the end of this I'll have you send me a couple things like a photo of yourself your cv and I'd love to see screenshots of your website as well if you're not able to share on your screen now because that kind of will help us go it'll help us start with something but also I'll ask you a little bit later on kind of what you like and what you don't like specifically about I mean you guys
Rachelle Sawyer: can go to the website and you can take a peek at it like I would love my own picture right I would love my own picture on here but there's a like there's a stock photo like what Nathan was like no stock photo and I'm like yeah so I haven't gotten to that part where I was like okay I need to remove this so you know what is sacred wellnesscenter.net. You know and I do like some really cool things like there's like a sage you know because I'm really about definitely everything is energetic and so yeah you know I'd like to talk about you know we talk about energy and like you know chakra balancing but I think the tarot card thing having that on there that's a little bit way out there for some people so yeah you'll kind of you'll take a look and you'll see like up at the top and so things are really basic because and they kind of are repetitive because I didn't really at that time I wasn't graduate I wasn't board certified I was actually still you know in my classes and things like that.
Emily Kaiser: So okay I love that it kind of moves as you kind of scroll through it
Rachelle Sawyer: I know it's isn't that cool
Emily Kaiser: it's beautiful this is this is really great for us to see and kind of work off of what you already have and we can definitely what your style is and all things like that. I see the stock photo so we will definitely replace that with the photo of
Rachelle Sawyer: you I know right and you know eventually you know like I have like I have a shop up here and eventually I'd like to you know my sister likes to make I don't have I left all my little crystal beads but like like for example I have like this muckamala beads on you know and not everyone's familiar with that but like maybe there's certain crystal necklaces or I want to like have my own swag you know
Emily Kaiser: so I want to be able to put stuff like that absolutely right
Rachelle Sawyer: like so if you can't come into my store and you're working with me on telehealth but you still want my swag I want you to be out there you know groaning me absolutely so that that was sort of like one of them was really a work in progress but yeah like right now the only way you can get in touch with with me on this is you either have to you put in your information it immediately goes to my email or you can direct call me so I don't have anything where and that's what I would love is if people could schedule their own appointments okay perfect yeah.
Emily Kaiser: Just making some notes over here sure thing
Rachelle Sawyer: yeah and you can see down at the bottom it's like the website built by the free website guys
Emily Kaiser: love it okay so let me go over here and pull up some of these questions so I guess maybe how we could start is if you could tell me a little bit about your story essentially and how you got into clinical care and maybe what of those pieces you want to be a part of your professional identity?
Rachelle Sawyer: So one of the real reasons why I ever became a psychic a psych NP was because as I was in my own healing process I you know I knew what type of trauma I had been through which is a lot of trauma that and I'll you know it was my it was it was trafficking so I wasn't trafficked by a stranger I was trafficked by my own mother and unfortunately that was because she was addicted to drugs my father was addicted to drugs too except he obviously kept keep kept together enough to have a job at GM and things like that but it happened that happened to my sister and I and then as we got older that was some of the stillest stuff we had a lot of trauma in our family and then we also were raised really strict religious Catholic religion and so that had its own you know encumberments as well and so there was a lot of my life that I forgot and a lot of it till even this day that I have forgotten and I'm and I get flashbacks every now and then and that really does come through with like I've been wanting to do for my own personal self and I haven't yet like EMDR and then there's some other trauma things that you can do but it was ketamine that really cracked the box for me, you know it just opened everything up and it wasn't that I didn't realize before that I had the trauma I just realized how it affected me and I was like whoa and when I looked at the big scope of things I really understood what chronic PTSD does to people and what it can do to children. So a lot of children right now are being trafficked. You know we can look at the Epstein files but like even in this town of Fort Myers you know I'm real strong intuitive and so I picked up on a cartel level of trafficking ring here in the county that I live in and I was a girlfriend of mine who her daughter is caught up in it from the father. So it's kind of like my same my sort of my similar story and even though I can't directly do anything for this little girl at the moment because we are battling family court because it doesn't exist. They don't believe the little girl because they don't have you know the actual fluids as proof, which it makes no sense to me. So you know you have to really build a case and that's kind of what happened to me as a kid too but my father chose violence instead and made my mother leave. Okay so and it was interesting because my sister and I last night were going through a lot of pictures and I was like wow you know I was kind of bringing up a little things and I was like you know I just wish that we would have had a choice then. I wish we would have been able to and we didn't and so that is a lot of people's problems and they really don't understand I can immediately pick out people who have had sexual trauma in any facet whether it's been like date rape whether it was you know they're even in their own marriage and they're being taken advantage of you know because there's a lot of other domestic violence stuff. So I you know worked with women on that too. I've also experienced medical trauma as a registered nurse and working in the hospitals and things you see a lot of blood guts and gore and that if you don't react to those things there's something wrong with you. And so I remember thinking oh I can handle anything you know but it was like really you shouldn't be able to that stuff should make me cry it should make me feel bad. But I was very closed off and numb to it and it's just like this is the job let's let's patch them up let's get them stable move on to the next. So I treat a lot of firefighters, EMTs because they really see some pretty nasty things. But then also you know the nurses come in as well and there's a lot of stuff that they've dealt with. So I've experienced kind of both. Then you go into patients who have dementia and Parkinson's. We now know even like with schizophrenia that these elements or these conditions are actually being caused by parasites. Not 100% always the time but most of the time yes. And then unfortunately we're not catching it. Soon enough and the damage has already been done. So when you get certain parasites in the brain it just starts eating the brain matter. It's kind of like mag cow disease. And unfortunately now that we are aware, which I've been aware for quite some time I just didn't really have the proof, but that a lot of our fast food restaurants are actually processing human meat which is actually insane to even think about or even say out loud but and if we think about that we're not supposed to be eating our own and that's why we have autoimmune diseases and things of this nature. But patients who even have headstrokes when they get on ketamine if you catch it in the most acute time frame it heals it like that and you can I've seen it on an MRI study where before ketamine treatment was started versus in the middle and the infarct on the brain MRI is gone. So the body does heal itself and it will self regenerate if we give it the nutrients, if we give it the support that it needs and if the damage isn't too far gone.
Rachelle Sawyer: And so a lot of people don't really and we'll talk about psych. You look at the psychiatric population of, we'll just say the US it's already terrible. Psych meds don't work. They get tired of dyskinesia which is. A lip smacking and then they can't walk right. And that's forever. So that means you took this pill for 30 or 30 days, 60 days and it has done so much brain damage into your neurological system that now you're left with these ticks and tremors and your life's ruined you know so people don't want to take these things anymore. They know that you know pills are bandaids. You know and for an acute situation if like you're in an extreme extreme trauma and we're trying to get you to calm down maybe we do need to give you an injection of Ativan or something very short term. But let's move you out of that phase and let's let's get some EMDR on board or you know like I work with psilocybin and ketamine. So these things actually really help people identify that they are not the reason that the trauma has happened that they're not a bad person. It's the trauma that has molded them to be what they are because that's how they had to survive. They had to be that to survive.
Rachelle Sawyer: And I look at my own story. As in all of the anger issues I had all of the not able to connect emotionally and that even affected me with my own daughter because I didn't understand that I wasn't open like that.
Rachelle Sawyer: You know, it was like I only knew what I what I grew up around and I only knew what I was taught and I was a self, you know getting into nursing was like like I'm not going to say it was taboo but nobody in my family was medical.
Rachelle Sawyer: And so I was the only person until I have a cousin who decided to become a nurse too and that was because she had a NICU baby and she was like you know what I was I've been in this NICU for six months and I love what these nurses do and I want to be a part of that team. And so kind of like you know she had gone through trauma and she's doing what she's doing. It's the same with me. It was like I saw what ketamine could do for me. It calmed my nervous system down. It allowed me to be able to pause and say before you react is this the way you want to react or present yourself to the world or to somebody else. And so that was really what got me into the ketamine portion. But really the psych MP was I worked at the Lee County Sheriff's Office here and I was their nurse manager and I was seeing all of the brutality that the police were doing to our autistic population to our, you know yes I understand drug addiction. It can be very dangerous. So I'm not kind of talking about that part but someone who has cerebral palsy or just someone who's disabled regardless mentally. They beat them till they're dead. And that's just not what we're supposed to do. You know we're supposedly supposed to help people. I get it. You know it's the same thing I've been attacked as nurses by patients as well. So you have to you have to protect your own safety. Yes the cops are too but a lot of these police are also very toxic. They come from toxic military and we all know what happens to women in the military so and they just keep carrying it on and on and on. So I educate and I also want to create this safe haven and that's where the retreat space comes into play is that I believe like ketamine is the starting point for someone but really transitioning them into plant medicine which even if it's just mushrooms because that's a heart opener and that helps you break down the walls energetically because we're all energy. You know we can talk about quantum physics. We can talk about all these things but you know the reason our heart works is because of electricity. The reason our brain works is because electricity and if anything gets off that means we have seizure activity or we can have a fib or we can have our heart stops because of no electrical output. And that's because we all have an electromagnetic field around us which is our aura. And so a lot of people aren't educated or really don't even understand that and like I've had women come into the clinic and they're like I don't even know how I got pregnant. And I'm like what do you mean you don't know how you got pregnant? So then that to me is now that I'm aware of what I'm aware of you could have been raped in your sleep. You could have been drugged and raped or you know, I mean there's a lot of other ways. But then I'm like well then maybe you only have a fourth grade education because you're not from this country and you had to flee from your country and then you're you only know Spanish or something and that's what we deal with a lot here and you don't go to school so you don't know. And so I really wanted to between our homeless population, most of our homeless population is mental health. And where is the true help for these people? So eventually I'd like my not you know my business to have that nonprofit side as well and to be able to offer free treatments to however that looks like in the future right I don't have a plan yet for that. Right. But it's really about when I looked at when I worked at ketamine clinic they're charging anywhere from four to $6,000 for treatment. Well if you're homeless or if you have mental illness that's already out of the scope of your finances. You can't afford that. Right. And so I'm not trying to like make my prices so low that I work for free. But you know I you know I've been given specific pricing and it's really about volume. And then just like what you're saying there's different tiers. You know do you just only want ketamine and me to walk you through and to kind of help you or do you want the whole kit in caboodle? Do you only want half of that? So then that's where like the a la carte also pulls into where I can do the energy work with ketamine I get into there already kind of intuitively intuitively with them. But should they want a more in depth, you know of what's going on with their life. That's kind of where tarot readings come into because I do tarot card events and I can make $1,000 in a night you know work in a three or four hour event and it's it's no bit and they're just like I can't believe how accurate you are.
Rachelle Sawyer: And I'm like well that goes along with the business. Yes but then I go I get into where there's you know I explain trauma and how we remove trauma and you know breath work and somatic exercises like my daughter's is going to in college for somatic therapy. So I was like come on baby healer let's go jump on board with mama but you know it's really teaching people how to move where does the trauma store and why does it store there and how does it get there to begin with. But really to teach people that healing you can heal yourself because I did it myself with no money. You know I did it from YouTube. And then when I got into psychiatry I was like oh you know I started seeing the labels that someone could have put on me and if you give someone a bipolar label they're never going to be able to come if they want to be a nursing school or a doctor. They'll never be able to get into the program. Because they have that diagnosis. And so for me because I know these diagnosis stem from trauma you would have diagnosed me with bipolar in if I told people well I hear my own discernment. Okay well that's schizophrenia. You're hearing things and seeing things because I do get visions but not like it's this vision of a pen but like I get like some different type of visions right so that can be called hallucinations and audio, you know hallucination. So you just between all of that. I really want to break the barrier because you know if you look and if you look or follow anybody that's a spiritual someone we understand that these things are our gifts and as humans we have lots of gifts. And so I want to teach people and not everybody has gifts. You may have gifts of something and I have gifts of something else and when we work together our gifts magnify. And so now because collaboratively we can help so many more people. And so just because I can you know walk into a room and I can feel what's going on. And immediately know what's going on. You know you might just have clear audience where you can just hear what's going on. And so I want you know for me in the big scope is to teach people that their gifts have been suppressed that they're not crazy. They yes could be in psychosis but psychosis is really more of a spiritual because you're so disconnected because of dissociation. And we really don't talk about dissociation. And so when we don't feel safe in the body our soul exit. And so then our I always call it the AI brain are programmable brain that we have is out here by itself with no with no controller. And so it just does what it wants to do and then it can get easily programmed by the not so good things. Porn for example. So there's and you know I talk about like our men and our men really need help because they have no guidance and they don't feel like they can express and I'm like one of the guys that I'm working with he's like I don't know how to express my emotions. So it's like that's what we have to teach people is to come back to is yes men have feelings. They should be able to express them men can cry. That doesn't make them babies or you know wussies or anything like that. And we've gotten so far removed of our men even being in the household because there's so many single women because they leave usually because it's toxic and or they just choose to have the baby and the man not in the life. So then our children aren't left with really good representation of what the family unit is. And that is what in this, you know in this dimension I'll say is really what the goal is to continue to keep break up the family unit. If you have women as leaders they can break the women down because we're not men and we're supposed to be soft and feminine but yet we've got to be out here you know in the hustle and bustle trying to compete with men and we should never be competing with them. And so kind of collectively with me I always say like my. I guess I'm going to say like my motto but it's the garden of the garden of grace is where true healing heal is where true healing begins. And so by giving grace to people it's not excusing the behavior that you've once did. But if we believe in redemption is we can be reborn again and again and again. Because if I told some of my dirty laundry to people they'd be like oh my god you did that like yeah, I didn't know better though. I mean I'm not proud of it. I'm ashamed of some of the things that I've done or said but I didn't know better and I was also in survival mode at that point. So it was I had to do whatever I had to do for myself or my daughter and it wasn't anything crazy but you know not like murder or nothing but you know it's just your behaviors is and how someone who's never been through severe trauma they looked through their lenses of life completely different. When you grow up in abuse that's all you know. So you keep choosing it over and over and over. You know I thought men who were on drugs, I thought that that's how men normally acted. So those were the men that I thought were normal. And I'm like why does every guy I'm with do this, this and this. And I'm like oh they're strung out on this or strong on that. And when you get to hear that story of why someone is the way they are or what trauma or what happened their mom wasn't available or their dad wasn't or they got beat every day. They were locked in a cage. I mean and these are some things that I would hear in clinicals. And I used to think to myself I'm like oh my God. I was like I mean my story is bad but I wasn't locked in a cage and starved. I mean I was kind of starved but I was just like I wasn't that but I was like you know this doesn't make me better or not. But I understand it and I want to know. I want to let those people know that there's you're not crazy and you're not broken. It's just that you've had to go on a path of life that no one else has and that nobody else really understands it. And I think just throwing pills at somebody and not helping them work through the trauma. And now granted if you don't want to do it and you you don't want to heal yourself and you don't want to make yourself better I'm not going to go chase after you and like oh please come you know you have to want it.
Rachelle Sawyer: And so the people who will eventually know who I am they're going to want my services and they're going to be like she is maybe not my cup of tea. Maybe she's a little more woo woo out there but once you work with me I also get on your level right if you're not very woo woo we're not going to talk about that stuff. We're going to keep it very you know if you believe in Jesus Christ and he's coming back to save you all right great. We're going to run with that until then you get further on your healing process and then you're going to see that that's not true. So you know it starts within and Jesus and Christ consciousness is within. And so that's really probably me in a nutshell.
Emily Kaiser: I love it.
Emily Kaiser: Thank you so much for sharing information truly. It is it gives us a really good understanding of your why. You want to be for people.
Emily Kaiser: I want to paint that picture.
Rachelle Sawyer: If you have nowhere else to go and everyone's telling you that you're crazy for thinking this that and the other. I'm going to tell you that you're not. And the way we heal is through our gut is by cleaning up our diet parasite cleansing detoxification and really getting the body and the immune system because dopamine and serotonin are made in the gut. The receptors are in the brain.
Rachelle Sawyer: So when people talk about like you know chemical imbalance kind of but it's not in the brain and pills don't fix that.
Rachelle Sawyer: It's really start with your gut because that you have to make it in your gut and so if your gut microbiome is all screwed up and you have parasites in there no you're not you're not going to be okay up here at all.
Emily Kaiser: So yeah so you kind of lend me to my next question. I feel like I have a good idea of and you've let me in on the types of patients that you really love. I'm wondering if just for the website creation on the flip side is there a certain patient that is maybe just not your right fit.
Rachelle Sawyer: I think it's going to be the ones that I mean in essence no depending on what they want because I am not someone who would just turn you away because you don't have my belief system. Really someone who I would turn away is if you're not willing to do that inner work and you are expecting these outcomes that are unrealistic without you doing the work. And the work is very you know it's different from person to person. You know when I say you know every day it's so important. I want you to get your feet out on the ground and I want you to ground and I want you to you know take some deep breaths and you know I teach them some nervous system hacks you know like I want you to you know hold you know take a deep breath in hold it for six seconds and then breathe out really slowly with purse slips and it's teaching that person that's slowing down because when you're anxious you're like yeah taking super shallow breaths and you're really not getting oxygenated. And so you're in your fight or flight and you can't even get yourself to think. So the people that really probably won't want to work with me is if they truly believe in all of their pills and their pills work for them magnificently. Am I am I going to say that I wouldn't want to prescribe you pills? No, but my whole point is to get you off those pills is because at some point you don't need them. You know you know if you're on most people when they're on psych meds you know they may take their SSRIs but they don't like taking their antipsychotics men usually because you know the thing down there doesn't work. If you take a pill and they can't get an erection they're never taking that pill again. If you take away a man's libido same thing with some women too women can deal with low libido a little better than what men can. But men won't they're like absolutely not they're like if I if I if I can't have sex and I'm out here well then I don't want this at all and I've experienced that like definitely in clinicals where that's really hard to manage well. It's like well guess what you don't have to be on pills. But if you're not going to like quit drinking quit your drugs and whatever then you're not going to be the person that wants to be. Because in order to do ketamine you can't be on methamphetamines. You can't be an alcohol. You can be an opiates but the whole point would be free it's going to cut those cravings. It also kind of depends on the opiate addiction. But most of the time with not an addiction specialist. So you're probably not going to come to me solely for addiction.
Rachelle Sawyer: Yeah but yeah if you have trauma with addiction and you're like listen I've been trying I'm on suboxone. I tried methadone. I'm on suboxone and I'm trying to get myself to where I'm off the suboxone then ketamine would be for that person you know. But I've had to turn people away in the ketamine clinic that they come in with their you know their bottle of they're like oh yeah what do you got in there? And my nurse would be like no I smell I smell alcohol in their mouth. I'm like well you brought in a bottle you brought in a cup of vodka with you. I'm like nah you're not for me. I'm like bye go home. You can withstand alcohol for 24 24 hours or more then that's when you can you know you need to go through rehab and things like that so that's good
Emily Kaiser: to know because I feel like you know what I think we would like to do is kind of. Make a what to expect section.
Emily Kaiser: So like in in your process specifically if I were to come see you as a client what exactly does that look like up front?
Rachelle Sawyer: Yep. So we would do we would do the basics. We would do a psych eval we go we review the medications that you're on. Are you happy with the medications? You know I would find out why are you seeking me? You know not just because you can't find you can't get into a psychiatrist. You can't do this you can't do that. But what are your true goals? Because all of this is really case by case. Do you like your SSRI great if that makes you happy and you want to stay on it then we'll do some psychotherapy. We can you know do some short stents in that. I can see whether or not if this is going to be a beneficial if it's mutually beneficial wherein you feel like you're getting something out of it and then I feel like you're actually making progress because the whole point a lot of you know coming to a provider is I don't want you to have to come see me forever. Then I'm not doing my job. You know yes there and there's and there's levels of healing where they might come back and they might come for a little while and they might go away and then they come back a while and that's usually where like the retreat space of the business would probably at you know and teaching them different techniques and you know if a lot of people don't even know what yoga is you know yoga or breath work, you know sound bowls because I do sound healing and things like that. And so most people have never been exposed to that. You know depending on like where you where you live in the US.
Emily Kaiser: So right. Okay perfect so that's really good to know. I am wondering see here. So what do you like free association I guess is maybe a good way to do it free association where you could just kind of throw a couple at me at what comes to mind when you think about your practice.
Rachelle Sawyer: Let's see. I would say it's innovated. Holistic approach. Would say. Like healing at the root like at the root level. You know we do definitely do like med management. And what do we think how's that?
Emily Kaiser: I think that's perfect I think I'm like that's great as we go we'll get some more stuff out there too. No that's perfect that really is helpful so if you could if you have anything that kind of comes to mind if you could tell me about the origin of your practice name.
Rachelle Sawyer: So when I was you know when I think about healing it's a very special place it's it's very sacred. It's very it's very personalized and it's very like I said when I when we when we work together it's very individualized and so it's and to me that's a sacred space youe don't just want to come it's really hard for people to talk about the worst type of things they've ever had happen to them in their lifetime and I'm not someone who I want you to have to unless you want to talk about it. It's nice for me to know some things but I don't need like super down to the details some people have no problem it took me a long time to be able to talk about my story and not cry about it you know it was kind of like when I got divorced I was like oh I love my ring so I put it on I'm like well I'm still crying about it nope can't wear it yet no you stop crying about it but you know when people come to you it's they're scared they're very scared because the things they've had happened to them they heard in their life that nobody believes it ever happened that they've made it a big mountain out of a molehill they've over exaggerated it or they just don't flat out believe them I think they're making it up and I will tell you that with every survivor I've ever made that's been said something along the line has been said to them we can look at women who've been raped how many times is it how many times does it not believe you know yes there's women out there that lie about that most of the time that's not the case though.
Rachelle Sawyer: You know and then we look at children how many times do children say they're being touched by someone I mean now it's more like oh if the coach did it or the gymnastics you know whatever the doctor this or that sure that's more believable but what's happening behind closed doors in the home it's very hard to prove that the father is molesting the child because if there's no like actual physical evidence. Then they don't believe the child but we know that it happens you know and so that's that's where the sacred that sacred part comes and the wellness is is I look at the scope you know and I've got functional medicine practitioners that I'm going to be collaborating with too and I know health insurance doesn't cover that but I'd like to find some that would be have some type of a workable program where we could get down to where it's not so much money you know like a lot of times to really find out what's wrong with people you know yes we do blood work but there's also do they have stool samples and they actually look through the stool to see what's going on because like if with animals you go like okay what's going on you got to take a stool sample okay well this is in there this is not in there they should have this in their stool and it's not so nutritionally you can you know kind of do those things you know take it down to youo know down to that level yeah but yeah that and I and I think of like as sacred wellness center also when I thought about the whole name is that I'm going to have the retreat part of the business too and that's very sacred and so for people decide that they want to have the group setting and they want to try ayahuasca or iberding or Changa there's different like things that I'm able to serve that they don't know about because DMT is a whole different level of you know plant medicine but to be able to be in a group of maybe five or six people and allow yourself to be that vulnerable and know that you're not going to be judged for what happens or what comes out. You know that's really how I kind of came up with the name beautiful I love that in everything you're sharing
Emily Kaiser: and creating that sacred space so very very cool
Rachelle Sawyer: yeah because everything's just very private and I don't want to like oh it's private because of HIPAA no, this is private because it's your own personal healing journey. And when we work together you're going to come out of it so good that you're going to be such a better person and then every person that you encounter from that point on you're going to help that person in some way as well.
Rachelle Sawyer: So it's kind of like the gift that keeps on giving you know in the good way.
Emily Kaiser: I think my last question before we kind of close out and kind of collect all the things that we need are there any particular things that when you look at your website you I know we kind of touched on this at the beginning, but even if you're looking at different websites somebody else's website anything that stands out that you just really don't like like something that you don't want on here like you know we've heard not a big fan of gray or yeah the colors
Rachelle Sawyer: are I mean I love the cream and the in the green and the beige the gray that is a little dark some of the pictures. Like the sage with the little seashell that's huge it's kind of in the middle like I kind of feel like it could be repositioned but like I said this was just kind of like a template that I picked and somebody's kind of like threw things together but you know I love how it does like you know reclaim your true essence I'd like to change some of the wording of course. You know I'd like to be able to like you're saying be able to schedule appointments online you know maybe have like a little even like a little chat on there too I don't know if that's something we can put on there you know and maybe it can come to my cell phone or eventually when I have you know people who are. Running the show with me since I'm not a one band one man bandstand you know someone can monitor that
Emily Kaiser: yeah that's a good question I'll have to get back to you on that if we're able to add like a chat feature
Rachelle Sawyer: and if not not not the end of the world you know
Emily Kaiser: yeah yeah perfect so we'll kind of develop something and then we'll meet again in a week and you can kind of give feedback on what you like what you don't like all that kind of stuff so your your logo I see at the top here this is beautiful I love it do you want to keep it this way?
Rachelle Sawyer: I would like to keep it yeah I have some type of the logo on there
Emily Kaiser: yeah cool so thank you again for just sharing all of that information with me about your personal past and kind of what you want more into your practice I not only appreciate it but it's very very helpful I am wondering if I can collect from you if you could send me an email maybe with your logo yes I have your website here but actually if you go to include that like just the URL be great a headshot of you or just a photo of you that you really like. Any profiles that you want your client have access to your cv. And any inspiration you know like if it's a picture of your cat or a song that resonates with you and any and all inspiration are very helpful no absolutely I would love
Rachelle Sawyer: that I got four of them and you know I believe in like animal healing so I don't know like with the retreats and how that'll look like but you know like horses do special things and you know there's just there's so many things that we can do that you know bringing people back to nature bringing back that that thought process of community and I think a lot of people with you know everything that's going on with Iran right now you know like my sister's like you need to get prepared I'm like I'm not going any kind of food in two weeks girl I was like a four hour I said I'm living on this you know can of green beans I don't know but people are actually looking at what if 20 of us buy this land and someone does the cows and someone's got the whatever someone you know it making the commune and people are living you know because it's almost getting to the point where it's not affordable and you know I experienced that here in Florida like prices are look at us right now look at the gas prices I'm thinking oh my god it's almost $5 and you know California people deal with that all the time but I'm like. I'm like I'm I'm in home care I'm like there's just no way how do we get through like all my money goes to gas so now what you know and so a lot of people are really looking into that so really trying to get that community mindset again and to not hate your neighbor you know and I say that in like not that everyone hates our neighbor but oh yeah but people don't talk to their neighbors or they do have feud with their neighbors but really we should be coming together because we're stronger in numbers and there's more power in number and when you're educated and you know things about yourself people can't use it against you so you don't have low self-esteem or low confidence and so it's really about empowerment of the person and empowering them to be able to lead their life in the way that they've always thought they would versus how it turned out because of severe trauma but trauma can even be a car accident and that can ruin someone's life. You know it instills fear so there's just so many things.
Emily Kaiser: No, I mean that's great I really, you know appreciate that and just bringing together the sense of community I love. So perfect okay cool so I think I have everything that I need from you let's go ahead and throw something on the calendar from a week out okay, so we can kind of give you the reveal and see what you think.
Rachelle Sawyer: So that's looking like the ninth.
Rachelle Sawyer: Yes or if you need a little you want to go into the next week possibly is that not enough time
Emily Kaiser: well i'm just I'm going to be out of the office so I am going to schedule you for whatever works for you but it may not be me who does the the following yeah yeah yeah that works okay we'll see I'm not a hundred percent sure on that but what what works for you as far as the ninth tenth or we could go into like 1314.
Rachelle Sawyer: Why don't we why don't we go into see what the 14th I well we can do the 14th.
Emily Kaiser: Okay. All right give me one second. You know what would you be opposed to the 15th nope not at all. Okay if you have that flexibility that'd be great yep. It looks like there's a little bit more availability on that day for our team that way you know I'm not 100% sure who it will land with that's okay. So what about like. Three or four p.m.
Rachelle Sawyer: Why don't we do 4 p.m.
Rachelle Sawyer: that would be perfect yeah that's late in the day for me so that.
Emily Kaiser: Okay. So you are going to receive a calendar invite. Okay. All my information here. Tell me your email one more time sacred wellness centers with sgmail.com. Perfect.
Rachelle Sawyer: Oh I need to get with go daddy on that I need to check that out. Or email okay.
Emily Kaiser: So if you could. See here you could just make sure that you got that on your end sometimes it does slip into spam.
Rachelle Sawyer: Other one yesterday it hasn't come through yet. The internet sometimes that has to happen
Emily Kaiser: too let me check the email also on my and sacred wellness centers gmail.com okay might just be taken a second
Rachelle Sawyer: it might just be yeah I've got your other one yesterday so hopefully it'll okay so why don't we just came through
Emily Kaiser: okay great so if you would add that to calendar accept that way you'll see it on your workflow but then we'll also if you need anything in the meantime just reach back out if anything comes up okay so why don't we go over I would like to share my screen with you and show you a couple things on Jot psych and we have about five minutes so I'll just run through it really quickly and let me know what questions you have I'll kind of do it at a high level and then you can kind of explore the site in a week or so well we can schedule if you want to go more in depth I also don't have a hard stop if you want to go a little bit over noon I don't know what your day looks like
Rachelle Sawyer: oh yeah I don't have I don't have anything going on I have to go drop off a couple tablets to the
Emily Kaiser: next so let me share my screen. Okay can you see this I can perfect okay so what you're seeing here is our schedule we kind of started I'm going to go over to jot site so this is your home page whatnot here so like I said you have two weeks to experience the AI scribe for free so basically that is recording an encounter so people record here I'll show you kind of how this works so you can kind of jump right in
Rachelle Sawyer: but as you're doing it i'm doing it on the on the on the computer
Emily Kaiser: let me know if you want me to slow down or no you're fine. So at the top here you're going to see your patient names I clicked directly into his name so it's going to bring me into john doe profile go back and show you how to select a patient. Okay so we're at record so say I'll just exit out of John Doe because he must have been pre selected of course a demo patient but you can go to attach patient and you can see these are all of my demo patients down here yes but you can select a patient this way and every time you record with John Doe you're going to see that under his patient profile it's going to build basically so if I scroll down before I even start recording in this same session or section you'll see all of the information from last encounter so you'll see meditations discussed all sorts of treatments or anything that they're experiencing as well as demographic information medication information and diagnosis information. So from there oh one thing that's important is the appointment type is the type of template that you're using for your appointment is how you can add appointment type I'll show you how to manage all of your templates and forms but basically you can go ahead and you click you can click intake for this type of appointment and basically dependent on what type of template you choose is how your note is going to format. So what you do is you just click start recording. And let's see. Microphone. So as you can see it's just recording here on the side you can pause your. Kind of exit this screen specifically and move on to like patient profiles and look at any of John Doe's information if needed and this is still recording in the background until you come back and click end recording. Okay so we're going to end the recording and you have two options it's very important to select one of these two options before exiting this screen so your transcript saves. So you'll see save and exit and then you'll see generate note.
Emily Kaiser: So for the demo we'll go ahead and generate note if you do save an exit you can find this transcript in your calendar and your schedule here okay. So as you see it's just kind of analyzing all the information it probably won't come up with much because I did a minute and 30 seconds nonsense right but let's see what it does and then also you can move here while you're generating the note and you can hop right into scheduling a pay okay while they're right in front of you. So trying to process the clinical information you'll see that it may come up with some contradicting information as far as medications because I do use John Doe as a demo so lots of conversations have been had under this account. So as you can see based off the template that we chose and again you can you can come back and even after you record the session you can change the template.
Emily Kaiser: If you just applicable or you accidentally made the wrong selection whatever may be yeah so here you can see these are all of the sections that this is going to come up with based off of that conversation nice okay yeah and so you can take this information and you can copy all sections and you can paste directly into your EHR we also have a Google Chrome extension so dependent on your system that you're currently using you can directly.
Rachelle Sawyer: Oh great I do use Google.
Emily Kaiser: Yep okay cool so now if you wanted to just select you know some of the sections if you didn't want to carry over all of the information you can just select by doing that did you see how I checked those boxes yes perfect and then you can copy selected at the top. And then anywhere you go you'll see copy to clipboard so you can move on to whatever you're trying to paste the information you can right click and paste and then for information will export directly.
Emily Kaiser: Okay and then you can sign the note here. And then you can this is our AI note assistant so if your. Know it's giving me pretty good information but it's not really in my language you know how I want it formatted you can come in here and you can say whatever kind of feedback you want you can say put summary into bullet points. You can give it anything basically you can say change patient name to Rochelle you can say whatever interesting okay yeah oh there it goes easy yeah so it just does the editing for you and you'll notice that it's asking you if you would like the summary to always be applied this formatting to always be applied you can say no this is a one time thing or yes train this and what that is basically doing is training the AI so it is formatting it for you how it's preferred every time without editing.
Emily Kaiser: That's great yeah so again on note taking so that is kind of how you'll see that now I want to move on to the audit so this is a part of jot bill which we kind of talked about you can do the auditing separately but basically it's suggesting codes based off of your documentation
Rachelle Sawyer: that's really nice it's really hard to be a coding specialist on top of all of this too exactly exactly
Emily Kaiser: so we can create a more compliant payer aware template for you again just to kind of do all of those things as far as checking all the boxes and what you're insurance needs before it goes through the billing process. Yes or the patient insurance I should say yeah I know what you meant yes so you can see at risk under the auditing it's going to show you certain things that is editing or that is suggesting action so again kind of edit these things before you put it through billing so no audits I mean so. You're decrease the chance of being audited and delayed all those things.
Emily Kaiser: Our insurance is denying it yeah exactly so you can run audit you have 40 free audits so while you're using jot psych in these next two weeks you can use the audit feature just to kind of explore and then again it kind of gives you the option to like try that out back around in a week and we can kind of talk about what features you want to continue after the free trial okay perfect. Let me go over to patient profile really quick I would like to like John Doe is every board of John Doe the patient profile is building that name. So let's see here. So now we're in his profile. And this is a place where you can kind of look at. Information you can look at last encounters you can look at any forms that you've sent over to him you can directly from Jot psych. You can look at prescriptions. Patient encounter history diagnoses medications medication time all of those things. Any questions here?
Emily Kaiser: No not right now. Okay now like I said you have the ability down here at this little once it there we go have you kind of hover over your screen this little bar pops up with the five icons and this is what like the EHR features really come in because you can send forms directly to a patient.
Emily Kaiser: Super simple that's nice yeah we have a form database so we already have several available forms that you'll most likely need but you also have option of uploading your own creating your own or editing all of these ones in the library already.
Emily Kaiser: Oh fantastic yeah you can kind of click whatever one you want and then select patient form you can send either text message or email if that information is already in this patient's profile it's pre-populated you can do a custom message if you want but it'll give you a preview. Of you selected SMS method it'll give you a preview of what that's looking like as a text message same with email and then you just go ahead and send form.
Rachelle Sawyer: That's really that's that's really nice.
Emily Kaiser: Yeah super seamless again just trying to kind of like
Rachelle Sawyer: I said the other one I was like I didn't realize you had to go on an app and so literally I went into my platform I copied and pasted the forms through my Word document I was like here you go I said just send it back to me
Emily Kaiser: yeah yeah exactly so down here you also have the ability to create lab requests you can general clinical documents send a follow up to John Doe or request patient from or payment from them yeah over here under the patient profile but you'll also notice that a couple other places in Jot psych this is where you can send prescription oh yes let me show you I have a let me see if I can open it I have a demo account that allows me to. Show you how to the medication dose exactly what happens is because I don't have it set up it's bringing me to this like add jot RX to your plan yeah what happens is and again I can show you this more in depth if you want to see it at our next meeting but you would click pick prescription is what it would say here in your account we have a part prescribing partner dosebot so a dose bot window would open up and that information will already be in there as far as patient name, patient insurance patient pharmacy if you have that somewhere and we're doing a data transfer that will be all set and ready to go so you don't have that information in twice basically what you do once that window opens is you select your medication it's going to ask you a couple questions about milligrams and just whatever type or the specifics that are needed and then from there you just click select prescription and it sends to the pharmacy.
Rachelle Sawyer: Easy peasy.
Emily Kaiser: Good that is kind of the general stuff that I think you'll probably use as you navigate the system in the next two weeks. And then we also have billing and auditing which can kind of explore and we can answer any questions on that. I don't want to overload you with too much information.
Emily Kaiser: So yeah we went over patient overviews. This is how you manage your practice if you have more than one clinician.
Emily Kaiser: Oh perfect yeah so if you do plan on expanding or growing events in the future, you can definitely do that with Jot psych.
Rachelle Sawyer: That's good to know any questions for me. No you know I'll probably have more questions like once I get in there and I start working with it if I have any stuff like that really I'm a hands on person.
Emily Kaiser: So yes I totally get that okay great Rochelle I really appreciate your time and how open you were with all the information. It's so helpful and I love what you're doing there. So I will follow back around. Our meeting for next week and we'll do the website reveal and I can answer any jot site questions in the meantime. Don't be afraid to reach out to me over email. I definitely will. Cool well thank you so much.
Rachelle Sawyer: Thank you. Bye.