Mia Soviero: Hi.
Nathan Peereboom: One sec. I might not need these. Can you hear me? Okay? Yeah. All right, cool. Hey, how's it going, Mia?
Mia Soviero: Good. How are you?
Nathan Peereboom: Good. Yeah. We are out at our retreat in upstate New York. It's beautiful here. It's like 70 degrees, it's sunny. Yeah, it's good stuff. So, hey, I want to give you just, like, give you the whole thing, talk to you about kind of where we're thinking in terms of next steps. I think. Okay, first of all, I just want to start out by acknowledging once again that this has been a bad process. I think that the goalposts have moved. You've been doing a million different things, and at the end of your presentation, Jackson, like, wheeled over to my desk, and we were like, is there a way that we can, like, make this work? And I think the conclusion we came to was no. And the reason has really nothing to do with, like, you or, like, your skill set. It's really just about, like, where we're at as a company and what we need. And I think that what we've realized, because we haven't hired anyone full time. In like, I don't know, seven months. So it's a big thing for us to hire W2 persons cars like super super, super high. Many companies at our revenue scale would have 2x 3x the employee count and we just, as a philosop, you know, we just don't do that.
Nathan Peereboom: And we also don't want to keep you in limbo. I think this would be a different conversation, perhaps, if. If we thought that you would be happy in, like, this kind of weird limbo thing, but you're. But that's not ideal for you, and we don't want to make that mistake. Again. So I think that, like, I think that really, like, what we are probably looking for in the next person is someone like one rung more technical than you, than you are, which is not your fault at all. Like, you came in as, like, someone who is focused on content. Content is not typically, like, a technical role. And and so, you know, I think the way that we thought about this was, well, you know, as long as, you know, we are, like, learning and, like, paying me a fairly and, like, she's happy with it, it works for us. And then at the point that that stops being true, like, we just want to, like, make sure that we leave on good terms, so, yeah. So I think that's where we landed. I wanted to just like. Yeah, go on.
Mia Soviero: I. Well, I actually. So it's funny that you mentioned really your philosophy as a company and not really having the capacity right now to take on a W2 worker, because I've actually been thinking about that over the last week or so. And I think, honestly, it was just a little bit. I think when I. When I talked to you before about how I didn't really like sort of this limbo, as you. As you put it, it was just because that's not what I was expecting. Not because that's something that I'M. Not okay with. And I've been thinking over the last week, and I actually would be more comfortable if this is something that is more doable for you guys and where you're at as a company, I'd be more comfortable working as a contract worker for you guys and doing the kind of work that I've been doing, whether it's with the AI Harness or with working with Adam on content. I'd be comfortable doing that in a contractor sort of scope, if that's something that's more doable for you guys.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, I think I have to talk with Jackson about it because we did spend a lot of time wringing our hands and being like, you know, hey, we, like, you know, we want to give clarity here. I can bring it up with him, but my guess is that he's going to say, hey, we made a decision. We want to, like, have a clean break. If that is, if that changes, though, or if, like, our approach changes or something like that, I'm. I'll definitely, like, let you know. I think that. I think you're aware that we, like, really, really enjoyed working with you, and I think the team got a really good feeling with you. You're a. Really fast learner. You're like a deport, like, worker. I think that there are a lot of reasons why this was a hard decision for us.
Nathan Peereboom: So I'll bring it back to Jackson, but candidly, I think that the likelihood that he has appetite for that is, like, somewhat low.
Mia Soviero: Okay. Yeah. Thank you. Thank you for being honest with me about that. Could I. So for the. The work that I did this past week and in the weeks before that, I'm not totally familiar, what is the pay period I put in my hours into rippling. Will that be paid out to me?
Nathan Peereboom: Have you not been getting paid through? How often do you put in hours and.
Mia Soviero: I put in by the end of the week. I've got all my hours in. I haven't gotten paid yet. Let's see, the week of the February, I think I haven't gotten paid for the 16th through the 27th of February. And then also, well, this past pay period is still going, but I was wondering about sort of the timeline for that.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, so let's see. Okay, so there's a pay cycle that's February 28th through March 13th that everyone's waiting for because that doesn't come out until the end of the week. There's an extra hours thing that is the 14th through the 27th. Let me see if there's. And that's, like, kind of in process right now.
Mia Soviero: Let me see if you're.
Nathan Peereboom: No, you are not.
Mia Soviero: Why are.
Nathan Peereboom: Yes.
Mia Soviero: So I. Adam mentioned to me that he, because he was sort of like my direct report this whole time, had to approve all of my hours. So I've put them in, but they all. All of my hours from the 16th through the 27th and also from the 28th through. The 13th say they're all pending approval.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay? Yeah. Let me hang Adam on that right now.
Mia Soviero: Okay. Thank you. I appreciate it.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay? Yep. There we go. And then when he does that. I will forward those along to you.
Mia Soviero: Yeah, sorry.
Nathan Peereboom: Sorry about the.
Mia Soviero: Yeah, no worries. I just wanted to clear it up with you.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, okay. So, yes, you should wait. Let me see what your hours are for next. For the next period.
Mia Soviero: Sure.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, let's see. That's great. I don't see them here either. Alfred and alex. Ryan, marcus. Are. You. Are you sure that you put in. Hours for. The 20eigth through the 13th. Because you definitely work during that period. I'm just not seeing.
Mia Soviero: I'm. I'm looking at them right now. It says status pending approval for, like, 15 different entries.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay? Hang it tight.
Mia Soviero: I can.
Nathan Peereboom: Nope. This is not on your side. This is on our side. Let's see. Time cards. Oh, boy. Yep, here they are. Okay? Actually, I'll just go through and approve. All right. Can you tell me if the status changed on your side?
Mia Soviero: Let me rel. Oad. Yep. It says they're all approved now. Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay? And then let me go here and make sure that this pays out. Oh, that's weird. It didn't update. Okay, Mia, let me look into this. What I would ask is that if you don't see this check come through in, please, just, like, reach out and bug me about it, okay?
Mia Soviero: Okay. All right. And as for the. The harness and everything, I sent that over to Jackson, so he should have all of the information for that.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay? Great. Awesome. Thanks a million, Mia. Appreciate it.
Mia Soviero: Great. Thank you.
Nathan Peereboom: All right. Stay in touch. Take care. Bye. Bye.