Christopher Hume: This weekend? Yeah. All up and down the New York, D.C. virginia corridor. Lots and lots of snow.
Christopher Hume: Lots and lots of snow. So we'll see what happens.
Jon Baer: Oh, one third. Yep.
Christopher Hume: Okay, so let's just go through what's happening on one of my thing here. I guess to start, John, qualitatively how things felt the past couple days, I don't think we've seen it. I mean, our open rate and click rate are pretty good.
Jon Baer: So a few things that I'm actually like, happy about. I. I've. I've talked to one. I think I talked to two people like yesterday and I just couldn't get them to want to meeting you connected with two, but I connected with two. One was a woman and they're doing notes manually. They just have no interest in AI, no interest in even seeing it and. But that's fine. I mean, it is, you know, it is what it is. I talked to another lady that it was the same thing. However, someone in our building department is seriously clicking on our links, you know, so that's why I said, like, multi thread is kind of important because. Yeah. You know, you just never really know. Now I've noticed that. So that audit risk email had got a lot of traction. Right. Okay. And then the next one that came out, I forget, I switched the subject line to just billing notes. Right. Yeah. Like, I'm going to keep it towards maybe like a lot of the billing because it seems like it's kind of like. And like I've got like. I mean, you know, I've got, you know, this guy that's opened it like 15 times, you know, which tells me that it might be getting passed around as well. So he might be sending it to like other clinical teams or whatever.
Jon Baer: Oh, yeah, yeah. B, I've got, you know, Julie Carter, which is from Binnacle, which is actually the other lady that kind of told me I'm all set. You know, she's been looking at it from our billing department. Another lady, Denise Stevens. Amy Carnell's been pretty active around it. Actually. A, B, I talked to on the phone and he said, take me off the list. Or like he said something like, I'm all set, don't call me. But I kept him in the sequence. Because I noticed that he was like opening the emails though, you know. Yeah. So I just didn't take him off because I don't know, something's landing with him. He just doesn't want to talk on the floor. Yeah. I don't know, maybe it was just that day or whatever. But I'm curious like so many people have clicked like the book a meeting has like does it. Has anybody actually booked like do you see it on your end? Like because usually a pot like I can see it on HubSpot like that something was created.
Christopher Hume: Yeah, we would see if something was created. I wonder if one of the issues, like if let me actually look this up.
Jon Baer: It just opens up the calendar link. Like is jot psych the right for your practice? And I'm just curious on why people would continue to click it and then just end up not doing anything with it.
Christopher Hume: There's some. Yeah, so this is something that we've seen before. Some like emails will, some inboxes, especially at like bigger organizations will click every link. Like the, their security will click the links to make sure it's not like malicious. And so there's like some of our other software will distinguish between like automated clicks and human clicks. Yeah. And so I wonder if we're getting, I mean I, I'm almost certain we're getting some automated clicks in here, but it seems strange that someone would click more than once, you know, like unless.
Jon Baer: Yeah, no, I mean not really though. Like I, like I've had that happen, you know, at like other orgs while they're, they'll look, they'll click, they'll come back to it, you know, or they get a new email, they'll, you know, relook, they'll re click, you know what I mean, to get familiar again because they forget or whatever the case is. Yeah. You know, and some of them, you know, like just like Amy, you know, at you know, 8:30 at night, you know, she's looking and clicking, you know, I'm guessing she's out of work and now she's like taking some time to clean out her inbox or look, you know, and see what, what it's about, you know, like now she has time because she's done with the day and the back to back meetings and meeting people and all that kind of stuff. It, you know, it just, I didn't know if anything was happening on like on your end that like maybe there are some meetings that are booked. We. I just am not being able to see it.
Christopher Hume: Let me. That's it. Let me just see. Make sure I check with the. The link is. Let me double check because it is all what you. Could you just send me the calendar and your signature. Which one is it? It's the pilot meeting. Right.
Jon Baer: Hold on, let me. This is the one that should. Hold on. All right. I just sent it in.
Christopher Hume: The chat. Only is such a piece of dude, like trying to export stuff out of calendly. It's like the interface. Yeah. For like sending it all that stuff. But then when I go to see like. All right, let's see like how many meetings we've actually had. It turned into such a nightmare. Yeah. Let's do this together. Go. Filters and go and types is jots where to go. If it's not here, I'm going to go freaking postal. I actually have had a few of those meetings, so I wonder. We're going to go past.
Jon Baer: I can't see anything.
Christopher Hume: I don't know if you're. No. Yeah.
Christopher Hume: I'm going to pull up the. We're going to do everything booked in January to export it because. Actually we can probably just spot check this together. Let's share my screen. So we're looking for every clinic call and we just want to see is JSA great for you and your clinic. You know who Stephanie Barton is? Does that.
Christopher Hume: No, that's one you actually pulled in different way. Oh, good. Yeah, so it looks.
Jon Baer: Read.
Christopher Hume: Did you just check? I'm guessing not, but just see if Charles is someone you emailed.
Jon Baer: That's an old one.
Christopher Hume: Oh, is that someone you emailed through the other flow?
Jon Baer: Yeah.
Christopher Hume: Oh, dude, that's funny. All right then. Yeah. 15. Kevin Johnson.
Jon Baer: Doesn't sound familiar. Not that to you.
Christopher Hume: It goes. And let's just do main. Let's just. If anyone's booked anything that hasn't happened. Yeah, so nothing yet. No one has independently booked. So what I'm getting from this, just to be like, completely honest, I think one of our issues seems to be connection rate. Is. It is. Does that still seem accurate to you, John?
Jon Baer: Yeah, I mean, I'm not. I'm not getting the connects that I did with the other B2C.
Christopher Hume: Yeah, yeah. But again, so what I need to do is like do like a. A walkthrough of our funnel and like, how many people. How many were up? Like, we probably had like a 15 or pretty close 15% of the people I gave you either had a messed up email or a messed up phone number, which is not great. And then the pickup rate, I think we were at about like 5%. Does that sound right? I need to double check. It seems like maybe it's gone up a little bit the past two days.
Jon Baer: Yeah, I'm not. I'm not sure. Yeah, I'm not. I'm not. I didn't really check that.
Christopher Hume: Okay, so what I need to do, John, is go through these kind of our metrics and see. I think the issue is connection. I think, like, we're getting people to at least receive the emails. It appears people are opening the emails and they're. Something's going on there.
Christopher Hume: So I think, like, that's pretty okay then. I'm still pretty happy that we. Booked a meeting. Because what I have is like a heuristic for like what a good outcome is. Is that for 100 leads, for every 100 leads or 150 leads we give you, I would want to have one meeting, one to two meetings booked. Yeah. What. What have you seen in the past? Because these are like true cold like and this is not great data is the other thing here.
Jon Baer: Yeah, again, it depends. Like at seismic, it was like I was booking like three to five meetings a week.
Christopher Hume: I don't know how many prospects though. But given.
Jon Baer: Again, it was. It was different though because I was on. I was on a. The, like the global sales team. So it was like I only had 30 accounts, but like of those 30 accounts, it's like Pepsi, ADP, you know, like Microsoft, Google, like these massive corporations that we already had part of their bit, you know, their business units.
Jon Baer: You know, it was like going into other business units and departments. So it was a little bit easier because we're already working with a. You know what I mean?
Christopher Hume: Like a.
Jon Baer: Yeah, another bu. So it was like. It was different. I mean, CPA is very similar to this. The success on that was not as much as. I mean it was probably similar. Similar to this, to be honest with you. And a lot of those more work, like, I guess like inbound, you know, from. From marketing and leads that were some sort of intent in there.
Jon Baer: And then it was just like me doing like my outreach, you know, from there because they were similar where it was like they. I would always, you know, if I would get the receptionist, you know, and it is only so much you can do with that. I didn't have many, you know, cell phones and the ones that I. That I did, it was, it was. It was, you know, they were just. They were busy or clients there, you know, heads down for a certain time, I guess.
Christopher Hume: Yeah. So what I just like. And I'll tell you my thoughts in a second here, John, and like how we proceed.
Christopher Hume: But I like this sucks that we're not getting more meetings. But is there anything you think is like structurally, like from your experience, like, you just have done this more than I have. Is there anything you're like, shit. Like this is like really going off the rails.
Jon Baer: I don't even think. I'm not even. I don't even think it's bad right now either. I'm more like, damn, I'm hoping to get a meeting, but I'm not close. I feel like even like the last few days it's. Like, okay, audit risks. People care about this feeling. People care about this. Right. I just feel like now I'm kind of like starting to put it together like what people care about, you know, a little bit more. It's not so much about the scribe. Right.
Christopher Hume: And, and yeah, exactly.
Jon Baer: Clinicians time, like, yeah, that is like important.
Christopher Hume: But we're offering more.
Jon Baer: Yeah, it's more about like, like, like, can everything be as perfect as it could possibly be for billing so they can maximize the revenue that they're, you know. You know, that they're doing. Can we do more with less, essentially?
Christopher Hume: Right. And the thing is, John, like once if that message is resonating better, it's also like such a higher value thing to sell for us. Yeah. Because we take between 4 and 8% of revenue and these people bring in between like a hundred thousand and two hundred thousand in revenue a year. So it's like all of a sudden we can spend more time, we can craft the messages more. If we're going after a clinic, it could be $10,000 a month. So it's like a whole different game as opposed to the scribe, where like a big clinic is like $4,000 a month. Yeah. Okay, so here's kind of what I'm thinking. We just have to like keep chugging along here and you need to tell me when the data's messed up. You need to tell me when. We need to adjust the process, but we just need to see if we need to get, if we can get people from this flow booked. We've gotten one. If we can get two or three, like this is a home run success. Yeah. What I'm taking from this so far is that it looks like our. We need to figure out why the click rates are off. And then two, we just need better data. Like we put a ton of stuff in here. It's fine. Like, I didn't want to waste time, but like if we're going to scale this, the data needs to be better. So does that sound reasonable to you? Yeah. Okay, then the. So what I see is like we're just going to run through this, maybe even. John, we can talk about this later this week or next week.
Jon Baer: I'm also like, I, I also.
Christopher Hume: Sorry, I didn't mean to cut you off.
Jon Baer: No, go ahead. Like, you know, I also, you got to think too. And I got to think as well is like when I was doing these other things, I was also doing it from like a full 40 hour week, you know? Yeah. Where it was like, I was like, like everything was like, on, like, learning about this, doing it, like, trial ever. All these, you know what I mean? Like, falls and stuff like that. Like, it's not like. And I. Sometimes I forget that, you know. Yeah. Like, because I get, you know, I haven't been able to put like, 10 or 15 in over the last, you know, few days because I get bogged down with so many of, like, these, like, tasks in and task and stuff. And HubSpot's a little bit slower. It's not like alaware where it's like, next and you can just. So it takes a little bit, kind of like, more time. So some of the due dates on the tasks or the way that things pop up. Like, I might send an email out and then I might not get to that call. Like, I try to, like, do it, like, at least like, by like the next day, but sometimes that gets lagged, especially if I'm adding like, new things in and they kind of like pop up, you know, So I just don't want it to get too far between, like, touches, you know? Yeah, but it's also like the, you know, if you look at, you know, three, let's say like three hours. You know what I mean? Like, like a day. It's not. Yeah, it's not. It's a whole.
Christopher Hume: It's a whole.
Jon Baer: It's a whole different game.
Christopher Hume: Yeah, it's a whole different game. We're just trying to see. Yeah, we're playing a different game here and trying to just get like one or two to prove it works. Yeah, yeah. So what I'm seeing here, John. John is the one I actually wonder with, like, some of this traction we're getting, do we'll have to consider if we want to make this sequence even a little longer? Like, if we're still having people click on emails, people are still like, picking up the phone. I wonder if we want to add a few more calls to the end of the sequence. But we can discuss that next week. But so, like, if we can book one or two more meetings here, what we're going to do is just try and improve this process and just like, get better lists up the messaging and just like, yeah, keep doing this.
Jon Baer: I know we can, you know, like, look at that. Like, if you look at Abi, Julie, Denise, Amy, Mohab, right, that's 1, 2, 3, 4. That's like, that's five. That's five people that's been through half of a flow, you know what I mean? Out of what, 40 or something that I put in that has clicked and looked at my emails a crazy amount of time, right? Like, I mean, to me, that's strong intent and that it's just getting somebody, you know what I mean? Like, to that. But it's strong enough intent to know that, like, if. If I was to work on just those five for like four months, at some point, you know, something would land.
Jon Baer: You know what I mean? So I think, like, it's. It's got to be like, time what you just gotta.
Christopher Hume: And it also turns into, like, this is like a whole bigger engine, right?
Christopher Hume: So we do this initial thing where everyone gets the first touch and really what we should do is like, triage people. Like, all right, these people never clicked on anything. Like, let's reach out in three months. These people clicked on a ton of. But maybe now's not a right time. We're gonna reach out February 15th and put them through a whole nother one and see what happens.
Jon Baer: It's gonna be massive pipeline, I think, you know, at some point or, like, you know, who knows? They go to some event or something, you know, you see them on an event list, and now it's like, hey, we got a booth here. Like, come here. Like, there'. Like, it's just you have high intent people, and you have lower intent people. But timing, but engagement, like, that is huge. Because now they're getting to look at the website, and I just think there's something that's ringing, you know what I mean, with them, and it's like, Like hopefully I can again get them on the phone and then it's there, you know what I mean? Like it's there like this.
Christopher Hume: Yeah. And I wonder, do you think for people like that, who we see that keep clicking if like we want to start weaving in reception calls too and like call their office, be like, hey, this is John from job site calling for Dr. So and so I've sent them a couple emails, just wanted to check in and see if there's any interest
Jon Baer: I have and I, I think so that lady Amy. Yeah, sure. That only is the office. Okay. And you know, the, you know, the lady is like, you know, that's the kind of thing like, oh, she's in meetings like all day. Like if, you know, I was like, well, you know, I sent, you know, a few emails and you know, you know, looks like she's, you know, kind of clicked on them, you know, a few times or had some interest. So I just, you know, trying to grab on the phone and see if she had, you know, any questions, anything I can like walk her through. And it was just kind of like, well, you know, if, you know, she's busy all day, like, you know, it's not something I'm going to like pat you through, but I can tell you like, you know, if she's opening, you know, if she's, if she's interested, you know, she will reply to your email. That's probably the best way to kind of get in, you know, get in touch with her. So I think most of the calls will kind of go like that. But you know, some of them are like, oh yeah, he might be available, let me patch you through or whatever. Yeah, I might even just say I'm not with jots like, hey, this is John. I'm wondering if Dr. Blah blah blah was available. Yeah, yeah, because sometimes they'll just kind of patch you through.
Christopher Hume: Yeah. And then the, the other question, John, is have you been able to do like the off sequence email with the additional resources wonder, you know how I sent you the deck with no pricing information in it?
Jon Baer: Oh, no, I, I haven't. Okay. Yet.
Christopher Hume: No pressure there. I just if and when you think that's appropriate, would love to hear if that resonates.
Jon Baer: Okay. Yeah, I can, I think because I already had sent that guy Eric. I'm pretty sure the deck with that.
Christopher Hume: Okay.
Jon Baer: Yeah. Kind of like a one off email. But I'll, I, I can get a few. Maybe I'm just kind of keeping the, the people in the flow like now or yeah, it
Christopher Hume: might you have so much on your plate right now it might be easier just to do the process and we can debrief. If you see someone you're like holy, I think they're right there.
Jon Baer: Feel free to send that.
Jon Baer: Or if I get something on the phone and they want yeah send me some more like information on it then I'm going to send that over so they have that as well as try to get something on the books. Like it's an easier spin too where it's like yeah I can send you more information. There's a lot that kind of goes into it. So how about I send you like kind of like what I did with there. I'll send you the info and then maybe you set a time to kind of go through it. Yeah, yeah and then something.
Christopher Hume: So that'd be awesome. Okay so just so what I'm seeing is next steps here John. So one. Maybe we just improve this and just keep, keep on keeping on do. The other two options we have here are. So we're selling like billing and specifically eligibility checks are like. I mean you probably know this actually are a huge pain in the ass for. To make sure that people are covered by insurance. Just like a big administrative burden. And it's often done by the front desk person at these clinics. So what I am going to run an experiment on myself is just calling front desks and just like chatting with them about eligibility checks and seeing if we can use that as like a wedge to turn the receptionist from like a gatekeeper into a. I don't know if that's going to work but it's something I'm actually pretty excited about because we know billing, we know audit, we know all that stuff is resonating. Yeah. We actually have now we have lines where like they have to pick up like there basically has to be receptionist and we have a feature that can make the receptionist life, the receptionist's life better. Yeah, I think it could be really interesting. So that's like a personal Chris passion project. Yeah, I'll let you know kind of if that's something we're going to expand it's value.
Jon Baer: You have to have value to the person that you're speaking with. Right. And that's why multithreading is so important.
Jon Baer: That's why the founder cares about one thing, the billing cares about one. That's why you know the, the, you know the binnacle. Right.
Jon Baer: I didn't get anything from the one lady in operations but I got this billing lady that if I could just get on the friggin phone, you know, that's opening and clicking all my emails.
Christopher Hume: Do you have her email or her phone number?
Jon Baer: Yeah, but it always, it rings and rings and rings and it goes. It's like an outdated voicemail that's on it. That's like weird if you can call after the hours of 10am or blah blah blah. And I'm calling it like 2pm it's like, it's weird every time.
Christopher Hume: Let me check her name just to see. Double check the data there.
Jon Baer: Julie Carter.
Christopher Hume: Okay. And then the last thing John that I see is like a potential path ahead is Adam is collecting interest through like these forums on Facebook. So like there might be an opportunity here. Just like get someone to be a somewhat warm lead, get them to give us the information and just like hammer the absolute out of them. So I need to look into that. But you're. It sounds like you're pretty maxed out on bandwidth right now. Is that correct?
Jon Baer: Yeah, yeah.
Jon Baer: I mean, you know what? I can just. It's tough sometimes, but on my end, I'm trying to still get some people in these flows and get these calls in the right time. You experiment with yourself. Do a little bit more sometime.
Christopher Hume: No, you do your stuff. I'll experiment with my stuff. And then kind of we'll know probably in the next week or so, like how we're going to proceed. Cool. Anything else from your end, John?
Jon Baer: No.
Christopher Hume: Okay, John, the other thing is payday. Is this payday this Friday or is it no paydays next Friday? Oh, we actually.
Jon Baer: It's weird. I feel like I get paid every week. Really? It was every two weeks. I feel like it's like every week now, but I could. It could have just been like a weird.
Christopher Hume: Okay. Do you. What. When was your last paycheck? Was it la? Was it Friday?
Jon Baer: Let me check real quick.
Christopher Hume: Yeah. Because I was doing. Was checking like time stuff on yesterday or yesterday or Monday and I realized I had an outstanding time approval for you.
Jon Baer: I just wanted the 16th, I think.
Christopher Hume: Okay. Yeah. So I got paid too.
Jon Baer: Honestly, it doesn't. Everything is right. You know what I mean? Like, I.
Jon Baer: I think on my end.
Christopher Hume: Okay, everything.
Jon Baer: If you have to approve things, they get it, they'll get approved and they'll come the next check anyways. Sometimes it's gotten like, like it stopped on like a Wednesday. Okay. The rest of the hours eventually get approved for, you know, for the next one.
Christopher Hume: So. Okay. I just wanted to apologize that if. If you were short for five hours, that was complete oversight on my part. Forgotten to get approved. But it's been approved and it will be in.
Jon Baer: In the paycheck. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Christopher Hume: No, I know.
Jon Baer: Okay, good.
Christopher Hume: Awesome. John, I feel like we are so close here.
Christopher Hume: I'm doing all this other bullshit this week. We're trying to upsell a bunch of existing customers on our current portfolio or in our current portfolio. We're trying to upsell them on these billing features. Yeah. But I am going to very aggressively try and make all of next week just trying to crack this code so we can just go kind of ape shit.
Jon Baer: How Other than like, because I kind of siloed. I feel like as far as, like I was like, how is everything else going?
Christopher Hume: Like is. Do you have. Do you have a few minutes here?
Jon Baer: I have a little bit.
Christopher Hume: Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. So we are doing. We're doing again, next to your idea, we're doing a pretty good job getting credit cards from paused customers. But there's not a ton of. I'm just gonna grab some more coffee. There's not a ton of activation after they start paying. So it starts to like transition from like a sales problem to a customer success product problem where like our sales motion on these B2C people is like really good. We're like getting them into the meetings. We're getting them to sign up, we're getting them to pay. Some of them paying for months, but they're like, not really. Really using the software. Like, the concern is, you know, they're not gonna. We're not gonna get the expected lifetime value out of them.
Jon Baer: Yeah.
Christopher Hume: So what I have had Jack and Emily start doing on these calls is weaving in information on our billing features and our eligibility checks just to see if that piques anyone's interest. And it's been wild. We've booked when I was just like, hey, guys, just want you to, like, nothing formal, just start weaving this in. They've booked probably four meetings in a week, two with clinics, two with solo providers who are interested in trying these new features.
Jon Baer: So what I think pause customers are on ones that they had just
Christopher Hume: people who they just call, like, hey, you know, just want to check in. We have these new features. So what I expect to do next week is kind of put a pause on the pause calling. I've identified like 200 customers that I think we can start upselling. And I think that's going to be like a better motion. There's just gonna be more ROI there and we can go back through all the other paused ones later. Yeah, but I. I think we're. This is like, not set in stone yet, but it's pretty close. I think we're going to switch to trying to build a billing pipeline and start getting the early customers in and then building, like, excitement and like a wait list for these features because they're just, you know, it's just going to be so much more revenue for us.
Jon Baer: Yeah. But like, and outside of even that, like, everything else, like, within the company is good. Like, as far as, like, the MRR that we're bringing in and logos and whatever, you know, just like.
Christopher Hume: Yeah, I mean, it's slow and steady right now.
Jon Baer: Like, we.
Christopher Hume: We're moving up, but it's like we haven't found. I mean, we're hoping it's going to be kind of increasing revenue with current customers, but we just like, have not the code on really scaling top of funnel. Like, you and me were working on this and like, we booked one meeting so that could pay for all of this, but who knows if they show up, if they show up, Right? Yeah. So it's tough sledding there. And then we're trying to completely redo our digital ad structure. So we're hiring influencers to do some more organic ads, and then we're hiring content marketer to help us with like, Facebook and Google to make those really pop. But that's sort of, to be honest, like a slow process. And it's just like, you know, you see the results from that in, what, like a month at best, because, like, they have to do the work, then they have to upload it to Google. Then that trains Google's algorithm on who to target. And it's just like sort of I am biased towards Cold Outbound, because once you and me figure out what works, we can just immediately go 0 to 100.
Jon Baer: You know? Yeah. Do you ever try to like partner with like other softwares in behavioral health? Like, like, I don't know if like Dazos has like a CRM that people that is like.
Christopher Hume: We have tried that in the past, so we've tried to. Have you heard of Tempest?
Jon Baer: No.
Christopher Hume: They're a. Yeah, they do like, I don't know, like labs that they like, make sure that you're not gonna.
Christopher Hume: I mean they definitely say it much nicer, but they make sure that there's not going to be any like bad interactions between your patients, medications and like their genetics and like what they're predisposed to. We tried a partnership with them. Didn't really work out. We tried partnership with Arrow, which is an RCM company. This was probably like six months ago. Obviously we kind of had to roll that one back as we are going into rcm. So it's something we've tried and just like haven't had success with yet.
Jon Baer: Gotcha. It's tough too, because I know some of these, you know, the EMRs, EHRs, whatever you want to call them, they're. They kind of starting to kind of build off that what they've already had. You know, I see a lot of it especially with khipu. Like, because we use Khipu and they have, you know, people AI, they have keep going compliance. They have.
Christopher Hume: It's like a. As we're trying to do some of the stuff they do, they're like certainly coming around and trying to eat our lunch too. Yeah. So it's definitely a little. Little battle here. Yeah. Any. Any other. Yeah. Questions about the business or anything like that?
Christopher Hume: I'm happy to answer those.
Jon Baer: No, just curious on everything. Yeah.
Christopher Hume: It's low and steady. That's not really what a startup, what you can. We need to crack it. But there's no, like, I don't say we're at like a yellow light right now where it's like, ah, this isn't good. We can't. This isn't sustainable. Like, you can't just slowly grow MRR like that. But there's no huge red flags like we're dropping or anything like that.
Jon Baer: Yeah. Awesome. All right, well, back to the grind today and hopefully.
Christopher Hume: Fingers crossed. Fingers crossed.
Jon Baer: Awesome.
Christopher Hume: Thank you, John.
Jon Baer: All right, thanks, Chris.
Christopher Hume: Bye.