Nathan Peereboom: Where is that? It's in the invite. Really? Did you add it, like just right now? Yeah. Okay. Absolutely. Job, Bill. Let's do group one. Adam? Well, there's some. There's some good updates for you.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, can I take the first few minutes to just talk through some eligibility stuff?
Nathan Peereboom: I think that's where we need to begin.
Adam Harrison: Cool. Okay. So, Nate, I know you haven't had a chance to read the memo. I think what might be helpful is if I just sort of like, give a broader update. And I think it would be helpful to like show a few examples too, so you guys can actually like, tangibly see like what. What's going on. But I. But I think the broad takeaway I have here is like, there's three basic ways you can do an eligibility check. You can do the 271, which is like steady, gives you a response and then you interpret that and like come to come to a certain conclusion. That is what both Steady and Nirvana rely on. The only difference with Nirvana is they help with some of the interpretation of that 271 and filling in gaps where it is silent on certain things. So that's option one. Option two is you log into a portal like availability, and I want to like actually show you guys what that looks like from a visual standpoint. The portal has largely the same information as the 271. The only difference is sometimes there'll be a few things that are incremental of like, network status is not actually explicitly commented on in any kind of 271 response. It simply tells you for, like, for a provider that is in network, this is what the benefits would be. It doesn't actually tell you that this provider is in network or not.
Adam Harrison: So Availability sometimes will do that, but sometimes not. It's maybe like less than half. Half the time where you actually really quick on.
Jackson Bierfeldt: On that. And maybe you just say, we're going to talk about this later. But like, what information is Availability getting? That's different. Like do they have. Is availability run by the insurance companies and it has some secret API that like 271 requests can't get. Like, what. What's the. How would you explain that difference?
Adam Harrison: Yeah, I'll show. I'll show you in a minute. But it's largely the same. But to answer your question, they, you know, integrate. They have like partnerships with like different payers. So like availability for like Aetna, that's their like preferred portal. United has like their own portal that I haven't gotten into yet because we're, we don't have access. So the only thing I'll caveat all this with is like, this is based on availability. I haven't tested like United's portal or the other like 10 portals that are out there. But availability does work with like a pretty broad number of payers. So I do think it is probably like representative. But the benefit that you get with availability is. Let me just, I'll just show you now. So it sort of links to some external tools that are helpful for things like determining cost share. So let me.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah, I'm sorry, is availability a company?
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah, it's like its own separate for profit company.
Adam Harrison: Yes.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Okay. So United doesn't work with availability. United's like, we have, we're big enough. We have our own portal. You come to our portal and availability is like, oh, hey, insurance company X. Like you're not big enough to maintain your own portal. Use us as your like front of house thing and we'll give you kickbacks on whatever or who knows. How's that structured? Yeah, like, yeah, okay.
Adam Harrison: That's essentially how. Yeah, exactly. So this is what, when you do an eligibility search, this is what comes up in availability. So this is literally pretty much exactly the same as what you're going to get from Steady or the. Any271. Right. It's going to look exactly like this. The only difference is like, you know, it's a little easier to read for someone who's like, you know, a front desk person going to check sometimes there'll be a little like message here, like provider is in network underneath to like indicate that like, yes, this person is covered. Now so for this, this is care Carelon. They, they don't actually return anything else. So this is literally identical to the 271 for this example. For this one, which is Humana, this is all. This page, this is all exactly the same, right? This is stcmh. It's actually like pretty helpful and pretty explicit here. Like what, what that is. A lot of times this will just say like active, you know, but you know, there's like, this is all literally the same. Now where it's helpful is these kind of things on the top. So if I click on like patient cost estimator, it's going to open up a new window here. I'll share. And this is where you can actually check for, like. A given provider, right. That is maybe like telehealth. So let's do like office actually or home or whatever. You do office for a certain code. Like what's anxiety? We'll try, try that. Just test, right. 99214 no modifiers. We'll just do one say like yeah 200 whatever, doesn't matter. Like a front desk person could come in here and actually verify that like okay, this is the procedure code. This is you know this is all the cost share info. Right. Patient responsibility is zero. This is, this is not something you're going to get from the 271. So you're not getting the CPT codes, you're not getting the ICD10 codes and you sort of have to kind of like guess the cost share and it can be sometimes silent on like does a deductible apply or not or you know is it does the copay show up in this STC or in this stc. Right. I think if we're going the steady route I would be. My base assumption would be let's not over promise on the cost share info because that will show up in different places. Even if mental health shows up a lot of times that will be silent on cost share and it will appear somewhere else. So that is the benefit of the portal. But again it's not for every payer. Like I just showed you before, Carolon doesn't have this estimator so you kind of just have to know oh Carolon that's like they're specialized in behavioral health and it's like a zero dollar patient responsibility. The last way to verify these things is obviously to call and calling. You know that is like the gold standard where you can basically verify that all this is correct and what people will say right is like even, even right now I think when I was on availability I saw something of like there was some like Florida blue had like an outage or something. So you know calling is going to be like the gold standard because sometimes these can be like slightly lagged and time delayed and obviously just the plain like 271 isn't going to give you that rich CPT code checks which from my understanding are a little bit of like overkill for you know unless you're doing like TMS or something like that where you really need to like actually test the codes. But for most of our customers I think probably the basic 271 is fine. But some of them I think Michelle just tends to look at the availability 271. I don't think she's like calling too much. It's more by exception. Rebecca is like calling for every new patient every time. So I.
Jackson Bierfeldt: New patience.
Adam Harrison: New patience. So. So yeah, I think I would be curious to speak to a few more billers to understand like is Michelle following the best practice or not? You know, it's a little hard to say with just n of 1, but broadly I think the 271 can get you pretty far. And that, that's like my current understanding.
Jackson Bierfeldt: So you're. And I was already telling Nate like your memo really, really solid and Nate needs to just read it. But I've read the whole thing and thought about it and I think it's fair to say that you, you think we should have the kind of like two tier eligibility check system. Right? We should have the like, hey, if you're in the lowest job bill or you just want to pay for it on your own, you know, 90 cents per check. Like we give you the, you know, one that we can get from probably nirvana. We'll talk about that in a second. But then, you know, we do need to like do a phone call or some, or have someone navigating a portal or running these extra things. There's going to be some like human labor involved to get the like premium check and some people are going to want the premium check for new patients and some people are gonna say, oh, I really want this like every single time.
Jackson Bierfeldt: And we just have to like make them pay for that.
Adam Harrison: That's kind of where I'm netting out. Yeah. I think basically nirvana, I think is what like headway and Alma and others are using. So it's, it's, it's going to be like parity with that.
Adam Harrison: You're going to get parity with any of these other systems. It's not going to be like an AI agent doing like checks or anything like that. I think. Yeah, my sort of suggestion was for the base tier. It's like sort of that automated 271 check via Nirvana or you know, perhaps SETI or a different provider. Mid tier it 6%. Right. That's where we're doing. We're logging into your availability. We're actually checking CPT codes. Maybe we can like eventually build an agent that does that. Or there's like other providers like fuse me that sort of like threw a wrench in this whole thing. I don't know Jackson, if you saw a fuse. Dean. Yeah, they're sort of interesting. They sort of promise that like, hey, we have agents that check portals and do like AI calling and all this stuff. So maybe it's worth like checking them out before we sign a contract with Nirvana. But, but for now I would say my assumption is like, yeah, base tier is 271 and just what that tells us, mid tier manual portal verification. And then the high tier is like we actually do pick up the phone, whether that's us or an agent or something else. Making the call.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Okay guys, I don't have any thoughts here. I mean I feel like both, if you thought about this, agree on it. Yeah, research, it makes sense to me.
Adam Harrison: Cool.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah. What, so what's the cost structure for Nirvana? Because it looks like they one, I can't get any information. Well, their website's also like broken right now. I can't like click on anything, which has been frustrating. But the, it's, it's. Everything's behind a like ask for demo or whatever. So what's been your level of communication with them?
Adam Harrison: Yeah, I've had a number of calls with them. I just sent you the link to their API docs, which I don't know if you've seen yet, but it kind of like explains a little bit more of like how it works and what all the different flags are and et cetera. It's not super thorough, but it does kind of provide a little more than just the sales stuff you've probably been seeing. They've been super helpful. So we could definitely hop on a call with them if you had questions about like, you know, as you get into the API docs, they, you know, I've been talking to like an account exec, plus more of a solution consultant kind of guy who's a little bit more in the technical weeds.
Jackson Bierfeldt: I think next step is a proof of concept with them, you know, where we can actually like make the API calls.
Jackson Bierfeldt: But it looks like from something else you mentioned that didn't seem full, I didn't get the full context here, but they make you commit to 30,000 credits or something.
Adam Harrison: Yeah. So what we've done is we've done a proof of concept in the sense that we did an Excel file upload and that is in the memo. You could like have a look at the results.
Nathan Peereboom: I looked at this.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah.
Adam Harrison: But I think the next step would be more of a like kind of pilot period where we're actually accessing the API like you said, Jackson, and maybe even presenting it in the product.
Jackson Bierfeldt: That would be my preference is like, yeah, but we 30, 000 credits is going to be what, $10,000? Like I think we don't want to.
Adam Harrison: Right, right. So I just basically asked like, hey, what's the next step here? If we're. They said we could start with like a 60 or 90 day ramp where you pay as you go and then after that 60 or 90 day period you transition to the standard like one year term with that minimum credit threshold.
Jackson Bierfeldt: So yeah, that's exactly what we want. We want the pay as you go ramp so that we can try it, and then if it's not working, we can shut it down.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, that's. That's. So. That's what they. They just replied.
Jackson Bierfeldt: So that's what we could do.
Adam Harrison: Yeah.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Okay. That's perfect. So I think that's probably. I'm convinced from my own research and then from your reporting that we could do steady, but it would be us building a bunch of knowledge infrastructure that I don't think we want to build right now. Now eventually we might want to move into that if our core competency really becomes like, oh, we keep documents on every single payer and we know about the updated stuff from every payer and that becomes like an advantage that we have. But I mean, truly Nate, you just need to read Adam's memo because it was like very well put in there around why we could. Yeah, all I'm saying is I agree with your perspective, Adam, that it's like we could build it. It kind of seems like this sort of thing we should own, but in reality it's not the step that we should take right now because it's not our highest leverage. P. Stone.
Jackson Bierfeldt: So I totally am convinced by that and I think we should just try to use Nirvana.
Adam Harrison: Okay, cool. Yeah, that's like my sense as well. Like I would much rather invest in building out Jaw audit and I mean, yeah, we don't have to get into it, but sounds like you agree. Okay, so I'll, I'll kind of follow up with them and make sure. Jackson, you can get like sandbox access is
Jackson Bierfeldt: what can you like start pulling. Pulling me into the communication and I'll be the technical resource for them.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, I'll pull you in. What I'll also do is I'll check on Fuse just to see if like we're kind of missing something there that like hey, Nirvana is taking the old school approach of like doing the 271 maybe the new school approach is like we get agents that log into availability for you and we have AI callers. Like I'm, I'm a little skeptical that that is like ready for prime time today, but maybe in like six months. It is. But I would like to see what Fuse has just in case. That is actually like the better long term thing. But we can definitely evaluate availability has an API.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Like I think we'd have to go through a whole bunch of contracting with them to set it up. But it does look like just from a little research that I did that you can access some of their cost estimators via API.
Adam Harrison: Oh, interesting.
Jackson Bierfeldt: It is the kind of thing where I think we probably could pay availability to use the Humana cost estimate. Anyway, I'm, I'm just saying like there might be some middle ground thing. But yeah, there if there isn't a startup right now that's like cracked the calling thing. There might be in three months and there might be in three months after that. Like, that's definitely a field I would expect for us to want to monitor.
Adam Harrison: For sure, for sure. But anyway, if we have this like 69 day period that sort of like helps us just evaluate some of these other things in parallel, which I can definitely keep. Keep a close eye on. The only other thing I would say is, Nate, I know I've been kind of like harassing you a little bit about the like, billing experts side of things, but if there are. Yeah, I would just love to get like one or two more data points other than Michelle, especially because Rebecca is a little bit like, you know, iffy. And that would be like. Yeah. To the extent that those diligence processes are maybe like leading to alternate paths. Would love to stay posted there and that'll just help us have like a higher degree of confidence here.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Okay. Okay. Yeah, let me, let me think about it. Yeah. Nate, I, I think that's very high priority. I know we discussed that last time too, and I think. Yeah. Did. Did you look at the funnel that we had from that previous process? No, I, I not looked at it.
Adam Harrison: Do you want to make sure that that's something?
Jackson Bierfeldt: Do you. Do you mind? Because I. The way that I'm thinking about it is like, anyone who I get through the RCM acquisition funnel who doesn't like convert, like, I'm happy to like spin it over to you. Yeah, but, but yeah. Do you mind taking that? Just because I haven't spoke process on it yet.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, that's perfect. So that's kind of sitting with Alex. Right. He should have some of those applications from our posting somewhere because we did like a JD for this role.
Jackson Bierfeldt: It's a great point. I totally. There's that there's the JD for the role.
Nathan Peereboom: And then I think Chen had reached out to a few people. There's a little forensic work to do in
Jackson Bierfeldt: finding like where Chen has stored that particular.
Adam Harrison: Okay.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Search process.
Adam Harrison: Is there any thread? Yeah, yeah.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Jackson, do you know where that is by any chance? No idea, but Chen gave us like a handoff doc thing, remember? So maybe it's in there. Or we can just ask him if he still knows.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, I'll go through those different threads, like Chen and Alex, via the job application and see what we have. So that sounds good.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Okay. Amazing. Okie dokie. Let's go through the rest of. Let's go through the rest of like the chop bill stuff right now just so we're all like on the same page. I'm going to share my screen. Okay, so let's do. Let's do people or beta testers and customers and then we'll do tasks. So Valcor. Where are we with Valcor? Right.
Adam Harrison: Been. So I spoke with Janet on Friday. We kind of went through the whole data request. She sent me some stuff over the weekend. She. She promised she'd get me like all the payer docs and everything over the weekend that hasn't materialized. So I think the next step is I haven't texted her today. I'll text her today. And then I think we escalate to Jorge maybe tomorrow on like doc collection because this just continues to drag.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Okay, let's see what I'm trying to remember where we have that rent on them where again jotted down a bunch of to dos because I think there's stuff we can actually get started on pre like even without full access to her and those docs.
Nathan Peereboom: Do you guys remember where that thread was where
Jackson Bierfeldt: we wrote down all its dues? Do you remember where it was? And then we were riffing on it. So somewhere. Oh, this is. This is a decision for me.
Nathan Peereboom: Where was it? It was right after.
Jackson Bierfeldt: It wasn't drop bill because there were a bunch of like other things that we can, we could do for VAL for that we're not actually. I'll just pull it, pull it up.
Adam Harrison: And while you're pulling that up, Nate, we do have some things that I think might be helpful for jot audit and I can kind of like take. Walk you through like an inventory of that. If. If it's helpful in particular, like some of the coding things we have.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, like building guidance.
Jackson Bierfeldt: That'd be great.
Adam Harrison: All right, let me pull that up. While you're just searching for it. Jackson, this is probably like more relevant for you. So there's actually like a notion page that I have like a tracker for all the data collection stuff under Valcor somewhere. But this is. They're sort of like CPT code guidance and there's a grain that goes along with this that I can share as well. So this is what they use for initial, initial like more complicated follow ups and then the therapy add on. It's like pretty basic. And then they have all the different like payers here as well, the different like modifiers they use and yeah, so I think it's just basically it's pretty consistent across all them. But there's some like nuances I think by payer that they like capture here. So this is maybe one starting artifact that would probably be helpful for the coding side of things.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah, that's super interesting.
Adam Harrison: Yeah. So this is in the notion. It's linked. I can like link it afterwards. But it's in somewhere in the valcore thing that Nate is showing. I have like a kind of an intake tracker with everything here. What else? These are. Oh, these are the different portals by the way, if you're curious. So this is availability, all the different insurance they use in availability, but then there's like Navinet Ever North United Healthcare Optum. Right. These are all different portals that they have. None of their logins are working because they all require two factor auth. So I'm working on getting her getting set up with stuff. This is a, this is like a fixed request thing that she shared an example. So when what she sends the clinicians for like fixes edits to their notes. So in theory we might be able to map this to their notes in their ehr and kind of start to maybe extract some rules from it. But it is like pretty limited. Right. There's just 15 rows here and you know, it's just like kind of. It's not super helpful, I guess. Descriptions of what needs to be fixed where it's like not commenting on the substance of the note as much. Billing guidance. There's a few interesting things in here. These are sort of just like Medicaid docs of guidance of how things need to be documented. So I have the PDFs for those in the track. Yeah, so this is super helpful. Probably even without specific payer docs I can like flash.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Well, most people think of Medicaid as being the hardest one and then everyone like adheres to whatever Medicaid they live under and then they're like, it's fine for the payer, for the commercial payers as well.
Adam Harrison: It could be. It could be. I am not sure.
Jackson Bierfeldt: I'm just saying that's how most people think about it. I'm not saying that is how it should be, but that like most people are like, yeah, we, we adhere to the, whatever Medicaid work we work with works. And then that's fine for the insurance or for the commercials too. So yeah, I think that probably the next
Nathan Peereboom: like wow moment for Jorge is like we probably want to upload a bunch of those to job audit and then do a thing where it's like, hey, look, we're going to
Jackson Bierfeldt: go through five notes with you. Remember how we, you know, you sent or through Janet, you sent us this Medicaid doc. Here's the note. It got audited. Here's the rule from Medicaid. Do you see the coherence? Do you see the vision?
Nathan Peereboom: And then I think we get to the point where we are starting to like maybe get close
Jackson Bierfeldt: to actually like processing payments with him. Yeah, so. So it looks like this is. I mean I'll just butt in with like my questions here. You know, Jotbill has three components under it, right? There's JOT audit, there is eligibility checks and then there's claims, that whole thing. And I need to know which one is like the next thing for me to work on, and I think what we're doing is kind of working on it as we go with Valcort. Right. They're still our leading horse. I don't know, though. It looks like there's a couple other of these that are ready to go, and I'll ask about that in a second.
Jackson Bierfeldt: But my question is, should I be working on Nirvana and getting those eligibility checks set up? Should I be plowing ahead with test data and hopefully. Hooking things into steady and starting to look into like what the ERA process is going to look like or should I keep going on the job audit path of being like, okay, now I need to build a thing that can look at this like massive PDF and like extract rules from it and then put those onto an account and you know, start, start doing that. And I can make the argument for any of them. They're obviously all useful. But it's a question of timing. I think that my vote weirdly is probably. Well actually what's the sizing on some of this? Because I think the next thing for Jorge is the JOT audit. Yeah. I think the next thing for to free up Adam's time though is eligibility and once we can bump Adam out of eligibility like we have as a team will have so much more firepower.
Nathan Peereboom: So I, I feel a little greedy to like help
Jackson Bierfeldt: get him out of the eligibility work as fast as possible. Yeah. Because that's just such a force multiplier.
Nathan Peereboom: But like it's impossible to make the trade off judgment without knowing how much work each of those pieces of work is.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah. I would say I have the exact same view. I mean JOT audit is the next thing that like really like getting that over the line. But it's a question of like where is eligibility.
Adam Harrison: Yeah. My view is I think there's a pretty at this point, like I think a lot of my work on eligibility at least last week was sort of like very painfully like running this experiment like one by one and reviewing output. I think now there's a fairly low touch way where I can deliver on our ongoing eligibility pilot commitment things where you know, it's, it's going to be just the steady API. We're going to throw that in chat gbt. We're going to give like a few kind of, you know, a few things that we feel confident we know based on that we're not going to like over. We're going to default to like yellow flag when we're unsure. Right.
Nathan Peereboom: Of like cost estimate.
Adam Harrison: That being said, it's not going to be something, you know, I don't know that we're going to be like wow. You know, in that model we're probably not like wowing people because we're not having like Asia call and, and do like more of the manual verification. We certainly could do that as well. That's not really my time. Right. But my vote is probably audit given that's like most critical to Valcor. And I feel like Valcort is like this the overarching priority at the moment and I can like maintain eligibility in a much more low touch way. And should we need for certain pilots to really over deliver, we can like kind of do a Tiger team Miasia and kind of just like hammer through some of these. But that's, that's like my personal vote, I think a lot of the time on eligibility. Ability was more just doing this, like, investigation work, which I think is largely concluded now.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah, that sounds good to me. Especially if we're also starting to push with nirvana, you know, like, there is. There's light at the end of the tunnel, so to speak. Yeah. Okay, great. I think that makes sense.
Nathan Peereboom: I want piece of, like, the one piece of caution I would have here is like, I don't want to start over.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Engineer role customization. Given how it doesn't seem like people have been super eager to
Nathan Peereboom: send us docs outside of, like, the core clinic relationships we have.
Jackson Bierfeldt: And I think that there might be some world in which weirdly, like, we just have to own
Nathan Peereboom: lil set and like, part of the product is just like, hey, you don't. You don't.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah, that is the product. It's like, oh, we, we get these, you know, we tell. Oh, yeah, well, we see with other clinics and other payers and like, we have this really great default set. I do think we still want to have the ability for them to like, be like, no, no, no. Our nurse practitioners, you know, we like them to not be able to do this or that. You know, we should be able to entomb specific preferences. But I, I almost think that the next step is actually very explicitly to engineer a wow moment from jot audit. Like, we now, you know, from my work this weekend, have all the dashboarding and all of the, like, you know, tools to. To show that. But I think now we just need to hook it up to let me look through the, like, Florida Medicaid thing and see if there's some, like, really specific weird stuff in there that maybe they're not even aware of themselves that I can, like, pull out and help find, like, areas of improvement inside their template or, you know, things that they might not otherwise catch. I don't know. I think I. I think I probably just actually need to, like, sit with the documents for a little while. But I think my goal isn't, oh, let me, like, go in and pull out 85 rules that are, like, all really obvious and just like, run them every time. But it's more like, is, what is the. What's the alpha in this doc that no one else is getting that? And the answer might just be that there isn't any, you know, but I think we need to, like, try to find something there. Okay, I think that that's right cool in terms of just like, moving this account forward, I think. Yeah. So we basically just need to get the wow demo on
Nathan Peereboom: the computer and then what I'm going to do is I'm also going to
Jackson Bierfeldt: pull the 10 delayed patients payments to. Investigates. Because I think that that's also, like, a little bit of a wow thing. Okay, cool. Anything else on Valcor that we need to be aware of? Are we charging them for eligibility checks at this point?
Nathan Peereboom: I just want to make sure we're getting credit for this.
Adam Harrison: We're not currently, like, running eligibility checks on an ongoing basis for them.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Okay, that's fine. That's great.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Never mind that. One question.
Adam Harrison: Oh, sorry. On Valcort, are we. Do you want to share, like, are we going to update the analysis for them with the patient stuff in it, or you think it's fine to just, like, park that where we. Where we have it now?
Jackson Bierfeldt: All the work we needed. We gotta move on.
Adam Harrison: Okay, perfect.
Jackson Bierfeldt: I have got. Let's see, I have, like, a whole, like, harness, though, with, like, all the docs in here, and, like, I have been continuously updating, updating this. Wait, are you guys looking at. Yeah, so I've been, like, updating, you know, like, our timelines and what we have to do and all that jazz.
Jackson Bierfeldt: I've got a pretty comprehensive, you know, place where I'm keeping, like, all of the things
Nathan Peereboom: we're outputting and all of the, you know,
Jackson Bierfeldt: things that we've presented to them. So, you know, if there are more documents, like, I took all the things that Janet had
Nathan Peereboom: sent us, not the Medicaid things, but, like, everything else, and it should all be in here. But, like, all of our meetings are in here as well.
Jackson Bierfeldt: So if there's stuff in. In particular, Adam, that you want to do,
Nathan Peereboom: data or even honestly, Jackson, for you. Yeah, send.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Send me that. Okay. Yeah, because I think I. I think I put all Janet's stuff in here, so.
Nathan Peereboom: So you should be able to do things like pull the rules and. But anyways, yeah, I can. I can send that to you.
Jackson Bierfeldt: All right. Can we. Do you guys anything else there before we move on? No. Okay. Okay, thanks. Okay. Beverly, where are we? Beverly?
Adam Harrison: He's gone cold. I'm just gonna try calling her again today and just. But yeah, it's have. Has been quiet.
Jackson Bierfeldt: I'll shoot her a text.
Adam Harrison: Yeah.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Is there a sense here that she, like, got spooked and is, like, scared for some reason, or she's just. Chaotic. Just chaotic.
Adam Harrison: She's chaotic documents.
Jackson Bierfeldt: She got sick.
Adam Harrison: She.
Nathan Peereboom: We're under embassy and she's like, we're gonna visit her. I don't think, like, did.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Is there some dynamic here where she's like, wait, I signed these papers way too early and now I'm like, scared of this whole thing? We have no idea. Okay. Okay. But that's just a big space. Sales. Yep. All right. Allison. Any word on Allison?
Adam Harrison: Same there. Emails not getting answered. I even called the. The practice, talked to the front desk, asked them to like, put me in touch with Kathy. Leave a message. Like, just. It's gone quiet there. I can see if we have Allison's direct number in our In. In job site when she signed up. But I've been trying to mainly go through Kathy, who I think we actually did the eligibility PIL with as opposed to Allison. So I will give that, like, give. Give that a try. I haven't tried calling Allison directly. I've just been trying to get to Kathy.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yep. I. I think that. Yes. Just bother both of them until, like, you get a no.
Adam Harrison: Yep.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Okay. Tracy Jackson. What's your plan with Tracy? Are you. Did you guys get excited to go back?
Nathan Peereboom: No.
Jackson Bierfeldt: I heard anything. Okay. Who is owning the follow up? Wait, I mean, should it be me? Am I. Well, yeah, I mean, I. The last thing that happened was you guys canceled your or she and everyone.
Nathan Peereboom: Like, we have timing and so.
Jackson Bierfeldt: And I think I handed that off to you and to Assia. Did you hand it off to me or to Asia? Because if you hand it off to me, I totally missed it. I think we were on a chat
Nathan Peereboom: and I simply said, like, hey, guys, I'm gonna step away from this.
Jackson Bierfeldt: You guys like, you know, kind of handles you like.
Jackson Bierfeldt: She was managing your travel schedule.
Nathan Peereboom: Split it up with her.
Jackson Bierfeldt: But I think that the natural next thing is like, let's see if we can get another time on the calendar to go down and visit her. Yep. So I'm going to just put this on. I'm going to put this on your plate since you were the one who's going to go down.
Jackson Bierfeldt: And I'm going shadowing or. Yeah. So this is a building shadow where you're shadowing her mom as she's like, going through the building process. Process. Got it.
Adam Harrison: Is that something Nate I could potentially join for if you think it's relevant.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah. It's also in Florida in terms of the ltgr. Stuff. Are we done? Are they like kind of in a. We're not running.
Adam Harrison: We're not.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, we, we did the pilot check and then I think the learning is we did the pilot check and we didn't have a follow up on the calendar to review the pilot check and discuss like next steps. And so that's why we've been like in this limbo.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah.
Adam Harrison: So I think. Yeah. Like that is also always have the next meeting on the calendar. That's like my, my takeaway. But we're not like doing checks when they're not responding to us. Like it just doesn't. We did the pilot. Right. And then they kind of went cold after that. So until we like touch base with them, we're not going to like continue to do work for free.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah, I think the other way to structure this is, hey, we do the first week for free and then we automatically turn it into a paid thing.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah, that would be my preference.
Nathan Peereboom: Because better than a Ming is the fact that we can just like keep doing eligibility checks.
Jackson Bierfeldt: You know, let's restructure it so that like you get a one week pilot and then it auto turns into. And if, then if they email us and say, hey, I don't want this anymore,
Nathan Peereboom: at least we can move our efforts on.
Adam Harrison: Yep.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Okay. Stephen. Where are we with Stephen? So we've gotten his docs and passwords.
Nathan Peereboom: Do we run eligibility chess room?
Adam Harrison: No. So his. We got his docs and then there was a login issue with, with what he shared. So I was able to get him on the phone and I'm actually talking to him again at 6 o' clock today where we're gonna like actually resolve the login issue and then we'll run the checks this week. So he was actually someone who picks up the phone. Yeah.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Awesome. So let's definitely like make sure we. Stephen. I'm just gonna put one, confirm we are rolling paid checks at the trial unless otherwise.
Adam Harrison: Yep.
Jackson Bierfeldt: And two, let's try to get authorization to submit the last two to three months of his billing. Let's try and like get him into the last three months. You give us access to ehr. We'll take your note. We'll take your note, develop a claim, submit the claim. Like Stephen is the test for what Jackson has built in with the study. Okay, well, it's not built yet.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Oh yeah, go on.
Adam Harrison: No, I was just going to say makes sense. My question was if we're going to submit it through his EHR or whatever versus us, it sounds like we. Want to do it through ours? Is there.
Jackson Bierfeldt: What's the timeline on that? He hasn't submitted in. He hasn't submitted any claims to insurance for the full 12 months. Yeah, there's no rush. Okay. Okay, great.
Nathan Peereboom: Dollar we get for him is like, a dollar he's never had. Yeah.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Do we have to have ERA and everything for him? We should probably do something like that.
Nathan Peereboom: Maybe.
Jackson Bierfeldt: I'm just saying that, like, to do the full thing where, like, you know, the money even, like, goes to a bank account and all of that. Like, that's a whole thing we haven't even touched. Yeah, I mean, I think that's the thing to figure out with him. You know, if you're like, hey, let's start with one insurer. We're just gonna do your last few months. Yep. Okay. Yeah, no, we. We can do that. I just need to know where to prioritize it because even that. Even the enrollment, I think, takes several weeks with the insurance company. Yeah. So I think. I think, Adam, the thing for you to set up is like, like, honestly, with Stephen, we should be meeting with him every day to just get his documents, get his, like, access things, figure out his behavior.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Like, you know, there should be, like, a pretty intense cadence with him to be like, hey, you're. You're priority to us. We want to get you paid for all this stuff, but we can't do one meeting a week. One meeting a week is death here. Like, we just need to, like, have a more intense cadence with him because he's someone who, like, it's just a really, really unique early adopter that we can. That we can serve and also
Nathan Peereboom: just learn an insane amount from. But we want to learn as fast as possible.
Adam Harrison: Yep. Fully agree. Fully agree.
Jackson Bierfeldt: And then. Oh, yeah. And then, like, I think Adam, for the whole. The banking thing is something that I need to, like, figure out and probably, like, build something around when you have access. When we do the, like, hey, we need to, like, be like, pulled into, like, the actual account you have with your bank. Like, let me.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Or with your insert with your hair. Like, let me know and, like, let me jump in and, like, participate in that, because I've got, like. I kind of know what I want to do in terms of, like, how to silo it away in mercury,
Nathan Peereboom: how to, like, make sure he's connected with the strike connected program. Like, I kind of have the architecture
Jackson Bierfeldt: in my mind, and it's a good exercise for, like, me to have to go through it and make sure it works.
Adam Harrison: Okay, cool. So today, I will talk to him, we'll kick off eligibility, and then we'll also get the ball rolling on billing for him and, like, getting basically a commitment to start on that.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Awesome. Okay, so. Dawn, I said reach out next month. Perry. Have we heard anything from Perry? I think we have. I think Perry might have dropped off. She's such a. You know what? It's on me to follow up with him, so I'm gonna say follow up with. Dra. Thea. They both are interested in. Actually, just ignore that for now. Adam, you're going to be kicking off with both of them. You'll get cc'd on emails. I think you already have the calendar invites, but. Yeah, nothing. Nothing special there. Dean wants to do eligibility checks with us, but I think we're going to start with Jaw RX and getting his data over Terry and Tiffany. I'm forgetting their situation. But they're on emails and you
Nathan Peereboom: guys don't have to worry about.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Okay, I think that's it. Yes. We're getting piece login from Dean.
Nathan Peereboom: And then the last thing is that a little pet project that I'm embarking on is
Jackson Bierfeldt: building like a little tool for us to do credentialing. Just a huge number of the people that I talk to are like, hey, I would like work with you guys, but I'm just not credentialed yet.
Nathan Peereboom: If only you credential, so I need to do that.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Great. Lastly, just go through the to do list.
Nathan Peereboom: Make sure that anything that was
Jackson Bierfeldt: supposed to get done this week got done. Okay. So that's Stephen. That's you, Adam. You're doing that today. I'm gonna mark this as. Actually, you can mark it as done. When you're done, add two arbitrary generator templates. All Valcore. Did this get done, Jackson? Nope. I think Alfred and Marcus are still building that. Okay, cool. Adam, Clearinghouse vs. Port Calling eligibility experiment. This is done, right?
Adam Harrison: Yeah, that's the memo.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Great. This we assigned today. Identify the new out. That's today. That's today. That's today. That's today. Today. Today. Today. Migration rehearsals. Hey, Jackson, this is a question for you. Huh? Do you want us to start targeting this group for experimentation with Lee? Do you think that this is a group that we should start pushing into job build because we have a bunch of their data and all that jazz?
Nathan Peereboom: Like, what's your view of this cohort? You work with them? I honestly do.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Let me see. So it's basically Jenna, Amanda and Dean. Well, is anyone. We were like, kind of in the mix about even people that we just like, message back and forth through. I don't really have a view on their preparedness for JOT Bill quite yet, but maybe we do. I. I don't know. Like. Cause we already have their patient data for a lot of them. Yeah, they just want to be able to like dedupe it probably. So we should have them try that feature for sure once that's out. Yeah, I mean, I would say we should just have. We should reach out to them and be like, hey, we have this new patient cleanup tool. Like, do you want to test it with us? Okay. That one's an easy. Yes. Awesome. Okay, so I'm going to kick this out of job build, actually, so. Because I think this is actually a thing that this is like a week.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Okay, cool. Banking and strike process. I use this. Update Jordan for. Yeah. Yes. We've been updating him. Okay, great. Okay, perfect. I think we got everything. Anything that folks think should be in here. That's not.
Adam Harrison: One question.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Go ahead.
Adam Harrison: One question just for Stephen and Jackson. Appreciate. It's probably hard to know because you haven't like dove into everything yet, but if Stephen is like, if I talk to him today and he's like, yeah, I'm ready to like, you guys can go ahead and submit all my bills for the last, you know, six months, whatever is available. And jot's like, like, go ahead. Like, what's the rough timeline that we. I know it's like he's. We're fine with like playing that out longer or shorter, but I just rough exact.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Are we going to have him like, do dictations for all of them? How are we going to have the notes?
Nathan Peereboom: Just do a really janky thing where, like we take his notes, we put him in a text thing, we have like a computer read to the computer sort of sort of thing. Like literally like the way that. Remember that group that was cheating a bunch of. Bunch of like two years ago did it.
Nathan Peereboom: Probably just use, like, really just have like, a robot reading to, like, an open phone and just, like.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Like, reading his notes out loud. Yeah. Why would we do that? Why would we not just paste his notes into the software? Oh, I mean, that's even better. Don't we need audio?
Nathan Peereboom: Or can we. Can we file without audio?
Jackson Bierfeldt: Well, at the level where we're building an entire, you know, billing submission process, we can build other things to get the data in. Totally. I mean, that's. No, I just wanted to know, like, is the plan to bill with notes to, like, bring notes in and create notes? Okay, great. I mean, does he already use job site? Has he been using us for a year, but he just hasn't billed? He just became a paying customer?
Adam Harrison: Okay, well, I'll just say, like, hey, we got to dig in and see, like, what the state of things are. You know, we're not going to commit to a timeline yet, so. Yeah, that's fine.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Okay, cool. Wait, sorry, Adam, what was the question? Sorry, there was a question and I.
Adam Harrison: The question was, like, when would be a reasonable timeline to expect that we would be able to submit our first claim for Stephen?
Jackson Bierfeldt: Submit in. In without receiving Erra? Like, it goes to the E.R. oh, he doesn't have ERA set up already? Okay, okay, Reasonable timeline then. I mean, it's. It's more than a month. Because I know that, like, the process of getting ERA set up takes weeks on the payer's side. I think that what you should say, Adam, is we have to see the situation and we'll, like, evaluate it, but we don't have a time
Nathan Peereboom: prediction, but we're gonna, like, move fast, and, like, we'll meet with you
Jackson Bierfeldt: every day until we get it done.
Adam Harrison: Okay, cool. This is one. I might loop in Michelle, too, to help with some of the crit, you know, ERA setups.
Jackson Bierfeldt: We should. We should do that. Like, setting up the ERA to steady. I think he can just do that. Like, there's people that use steady that don't have an EHR or anything. They just make a steady account, and then they're like, this is where I do my stuff. So I think we should start that process as soon as possible and just, like, have Michelle work with him inside of steady. And then we can hook the steady account up to the jot psych account and begin sharing information as it happens. But especially because some of those things can take weeks. I think we should start, like, as soon as possible. Nate, this is great for you. You can practice your whole credentialing things because it's essentially like a little bit of. It's like credentialing light. Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: This is where we're going with it. Yeah.
Jackson Bierfeldt: But honestly, I would say that's good. Probably the. If we're, like, really aiming to get stuff flowing for him, like, Nate, you should get on a call with him, get him to make a steady account, and then just, like, start setting up that steady account with his payers. Cool. I actually didn't know. Don't know how that works, so I should probably look into it. Awesome. So can we get.
Jackson Bierfeldt: If we could set that up for next week, Adam? Because I need to do, like, so busy. If we can set up for, like, may or. You have my. You have my schedule.
Adam Harrison: Let me see how far I can get with. Let me just try to get access to everything. Let's kind of see what the state of thing is. Let's get them to commit. But I know we want to, like, move quickly, so I'll. I think we also need a little bit of, like, a cookbook of, like, what the plan is of, like, step one is, like. Is step one steady or is step one, like, something else? I'm not really sure. It's, like, a little hazy. So I think between you, me, Steve, and Michelle, we'll, like, figure out the. The cookbook and the phasing, and we'll try to, like, move it as quickly as possible. And to the extent there is, like, lead time, like, oh, it takes two weeks to respond. Like, we'll try to sequence those things first.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah. Okay. Cool. Awesome. Makes sense.
Adam Harrison: Cool. That's all I had.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Okay, great. Well, thank you so much. Yeah. Good stuff, guys. Excited to see what happens next week. All right.