Nathan Peereboom: How are you?
Emily Kaiser: Great. Doctor Hensel, can you hear us?
Nathan Peereboom: I wonder if this is like an auto join situation.
Emily Kaiser: Interesting.
Nathan Peereboom: Hey, Dr.
Jonathan: Henzel. I didn't realize, you guys, I didn't hear anything because my speaker's not on.
Emily Kaiser: We can't hear you.
Jonathan: Sorry.
Nathan Peereboom: Now we can hear you.
Emily Kaiser: I apologize. No problem.
Nathan Peereboom: No, that's totally fine. Dr. Hensel, nice to meet you. Oh, I'm sorry. Why don't you start? Go for it.
Emily Kaiser: No, no worries. I just wanted to introduce you to Nate. He's our CEO here at job site. I know we've had a couple brief conversations about Jotville, job site in general, job audit. And obviously you're in the transition of opening up your own practice. So we wanted Nate to be able to kind of give you a more depth, have a more depth and conversation about job build and kind of see how it could benefit your practice.
Jonathan: Excellent.
Nathan Peereboom: Awesome.
Emily Kaiser: Thanks.
Nathan Peereboom: Emily. Jonathan. Great to meet you. As Emily said, I'm the CEO and co founder and I've talked with Chris a little bit, I've talked with Emily a little bit, but I'd love to hear from you. It sounds like you're. You're having like an entrepreneurial, like, moment where you're like going out on your own, you're building a clinic. Can you just like walk me through, like, I guess, your dream, like, what are you building right now? Because we always like to work backwards from, you know, what is the dream in two, three, five years. And that's, in our view, the best and most exciting way to talk about whether we can support you or not.
Jonathan: Got you. So, I mean, if all goes right, I mean, this is obviously an easily, easily scalable business. So long story short, I. My intention was always to kind of have a presence on the east coast. Now that circumstances have kind of made it so that I have to speed that up a little bit. And that's kind of where the separation from the old practice kind of came from. But that's a separate story. So I'm gonna. My plan is to have a practice. It's probably somewhere in like the Manchester, Nashua, Portsmouth area of New Hampshire. And then. And then the practice out here. I'm hoping. Right now I'm full. I had 191 patients come with me. And I've taken a few new patients just on referrals, but I've got to shut it down at this point. I can't handle anymore. So I, my plan is a higher first of a front office person that needs to happen. And then another either NP or, or some other provider out here first. And then June is what I'm hoping. I'll open the east coast practice and then start scaling it up from there. I probably don't go more than like one at a time at each place before kind of evening it out. But I mean ideally if everything goes right, it's kind of a one stop shop. I get like a dentist in house, I get a social worker. But that's, that's the dream as a patient.
Nathan Peereboom: That's kind of my dream. I once had this idea for a company called Annual where you could go and do your dentist, your primary care, get an oil change on your car, have someone do your taxes, just the entire thing, everything you had to do in one year.
Nathan Peereboom: But yeah, that makes a ton of sense. Really exciting. What's your credentialing situation? Are you fully credentialed? Is that a barrier for you or. I guess what is the constraint? Billing wise?
Jonathan: It's. I'm in the process. I've got a few that I am fully credentialed with. Some apparently I am credentialed with but not my group yet. So that's getting linked. So it's everywhere from still filling out paperwork to, to in the finishing details.
Nathan Peereboom: Gotcha. I'll. I'll just like put a little asterisk here that we do provide credentialing services. So if you wanted someone to take that over for you, it's, you know, it's pretty easy for us because we know it's like a huge amount of chasing and documentation. There's a mess.
Jonathan: But New Hampshire, that will have to happen.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay.
Jonathan: Actually one of the. I. Sorry to interrupt. My, my sister in law from New Jersey. I'm originally from New Jersey as well. I'm thinking I might just get licensed there. She says she, between her and her group, she's probably got at least 50 that she could just funnel me right away.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay. Well you know, if you're. When people are starting their practice, we always say, hey, credentialing is a good place for us to step in.
Nathan Peereboom: And the reason is that, you know, if you think about what we're good at as a company, we're good at taking a lot of very, very like complex documentation and unstructured data and turning it into the exact format that is ideal for payers, you know, because again, our goal, we just want you to practice medicine and to get paid for it.
Jonathan: That's like.
Nathan Peereboom: That's our company ethos. So I'll just point that out as like. My hypothesis is that that's going to be the right entrance point for you. But before we get there, I think it probably makes sense for me to walk you through what our billing offering is. So you can understand it and ask me questions and then I'm happy to walk you through our credentialing offering, which is kind of like a separate thing. If that's. Should that be helpful?
Jonathan: Okay. Yeah. Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay. Dr. Hensel, where do you want to start?
Nathan Peereboom: Do you want me to.
Nathan Peereboom: I can do either one first. Pardon me?
Jonathan: Just Jonathan.
Nathan Peereboom: Jonathan.
Jonathan: Okay.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, Jonathan. Where would you like me to start? We could start with, you know, credentialing or we could start with the billing.
Jonathan: Well, right now, I mean the credentialing is pretty straightforward process. Well, I'll hear, but the billing is for me right now. The gorilla I've got to kind of tackle.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, let's talk about billing. So JOT Bill is our service offering. It's hybrid AI and human. And what the process is, we basically take all of your documents from payers so you know, any contract you've signed with them, any like audit checklist that they've given or published online, any rules that you have like within your clinic about how to practice. And we create what's called a pair specific rule base and we write a note based on that rule base. We'll then code the note for you and show you where the note is missing content based on that code. So if you've got a 99214, but it's only showing low MDM complexity, we'll flag that for you immediately. And that's already in the software. Well then submit the claim and then manage all the denials, appeals, everything like that on our side and just simply show you the finances every single month. So you know, from your perspective and from the perspective of your clinicians, you know, eligibility just happens. You're going to be able to see exactly who's eligible. Your note gets written with an awareness of the payer and the code and then you just sign the note and there's nothing else for you to do. Now we'll meet with you once a month and we'll also have a dashboard that shows you where your money is going. But that's kind of the clinical experience. At every step of this process. We've injected the most frontier technology to deliver the best results. So the eligibility checks, you know, it's not just an API check, there's an AI involved, there's also a human being involved. We have the most robust eligibility checks in the industry. When it comes to writing documentation, you know, of course you're going to give us documents, but we also have collected all the public documents from ama, cms, apa and then the big ones, you know, Aetna optum, cigna, et cetera. So we've already preloaded a lot of context for exactly what constitutes a good note. We then have a special scrubbing agent that goes through and makes sure that whenever we submit a claim, you know, the right ICD10 code is falling under the CPT code that we bill for, you know, and if there's anything that might get flagged in that. First pass, we'll kick it back before so that we, you know, we don't get locked into the appeal denial cycle. If in the rare case we get a denial, we do an auto appeal for you. So we'll take whatever information we have in job psych, read the denial, and then, you know, handle that with both, you know, again calling and, you know, following up and submitting through the, through the clearinghouses. And then we also handle patient billing and collection. So we help you, you know, build a patient. All of that gets affiliated by the encounter. And, and in that regard you're able to see exactly like, you know, which encounters are producing what revenue, which patients, which payers, etc. So you just have the best picture as you're scaling your practice. We price between 4 and 8%, just like everyone in the industry. We just do something really standard. And you know, on the low end, you know, we're really just, you know, doing the documentation and submission. And then at the high end, you know, not only are we reconciling, for example, the ERA and, you know, the contract you have, but we're actually going into the bank account and being like, hey, this is what you owe and what you're owed by your contract. This is what they said they were going to pay you. And here's what actually hit your bank account and breakage at any level, there is something that we detect and will pursue. So in terms of getting started. Well, actually, before I go there, any questions about Jotville or, you know, the suite of offerings, how it's set up, what the pipeline is?
Jonathan: No, no, no. I'm not able to understand the backlight, you know, where the API AI check is. So I mean, I just gotta trust that is working.
Nathan Peereboom: I think that this is the slide that like, you should just like focus on. The whole idea here is you set the rules, we write the notes and submit the claims based on those and you don't have to deal with anything else. That's like the promise. So have you by any chance, have you experienced jot audit yet?
Jonathan: I mean, just from the little bit of like the last couple of calls for here, but I have not personally used it.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay. Yeah. So this is where we like to start with clinics like you. So typically what we'll do is we'll upload a bunch of rules from your pair documents and then we'll run, you know, your notes through those rules so you'll be able to see, you know, hey, I missed this. 96127. Here are the things that I would change or modify in the note. Oh, I'm actually going to go and do that. And you can see how it works. So this is a, this is a nice place to start. There are, there are a few different, like, entry points, though, so I just mentioned jot audit. You know, that's one, one place you could start. But you also, like, if you had a bunch of contracts, we'd be willing to look at those and do like, a little analysis on them and show you, like, hey, based on your documents, here's your fee schedule across every single payer. Here's like the fine print in every contract just so that you knew this. If you had historical claim data, we're happy to look through that as well. And then, and then eligibility checks are a great place to begin because that's a good way for us to, you know, make sure that we're really connecting with your payers. It's, it's the plurality of why a claim will get denied. It's not the plurality why of why an encounter will eventually get denied if there's an audit. But, but at first pass, a lot of claims gets denied just because of eligibility problems. And then we can go live like whenever is best for you. So. Yeah, so that's kind of the process and the product. I guess I should have asked this at the beginning. I mean, you're looking at other billing companies. I'm sure what's important to you, like, how are you making this decision? What's on your rubric?
Jonathan: Right now I'm using the embedded billing software from Advanced md. Okay. So, yeah, that it's fully capable and functional. You know, it has a lot of the features. I don't know necessarily all of them, but the AI scrubbing tool, you know, ensuring that the node is compliant with the codes and all that, they, that would be a similar functionality. Their stuff is just going live next week, I think February 16th is the official rollout of all like the, the full AI tools for Advanced.
Nathan Peereboom: Gotcha. Okay. Okay, great. When you, I guess what is preventing you from just saying like, oh, I'm just gonna use the Advanced MD stuff and go from there if it's, if you're already using it.
Jonathan: So the full rollout is until next week. So I don't yet have access. I don't know yet what their full capability is.
Nathan Peereboom: But in your ideal, you're, you're probably like, oh, I'd probably prefer to stay with Advanced MD if the tooling is good.
Jonathan: Well, if it's all in one. Right. I mean, I'm already paying for the software, so.
Jonathan: Yeah, I'm already paying for this software though too. So, you know, either way, that's where I got to make the decision. Eventually I'll go with one of them. I mean, if you guys are going to be, you know, getting an all in one capability where I and put the note have upload documents for patients or have the patient portal all that live. I mean, it doesn't make sense for me to be paying two separate bills here, but yeah, that's our feeling too. Yeah. And until I know what I know I can't make the decision. I'm. I'm. I've just gotten my first patients that I am credentialed with, and I am still trying to figure out how to get paid there. So I have another training this week. It's. It's. It's not easy, and.
Jonathan: And, you know, given what you're showing here, it looks a lot easier.
Nathan Peereboom: One thing that we've done, we actually just did this for a doctor last week, is because we hear this all the time. Like, people are like, I've got a backlog. We're happy to take your backlog. Like, if you want to try us out. You could literally sign up. Like, we could get a time on the calendar, download the notes you have in Advanced MD and just push them through our billing system. One thing that would be nice for you in that regard is you, you know, you don't have to worry about things getting decaying out of billability because your contracts have a statute of limitations on them. Like, you can't actually just like, sit on those notes if you want to get paid for them.
Nathan Peereboom: So if you have a backlog, my suggestion is like, get that off your plate as fast as possible with us or with someone else. But we do the, like, the backlog work. Like, that's something that we've done for other customers and is, like, fairly tractable. It also gives you a little taste of what it's like to work with us. You know, you get to meet our team. You get to understand, like, how detail oriented we are. You get a good feeling of. I mean, it's a great test run. So if that's something that you wanted support on, it's. It's an easy bite. We could make for you, like, again in the next, like, week.
Jonathan: I mean. Yeah. So Friday is my training for Advanced, but I definitely. The one, my. I guess one hold up is I don't yet have everybody's insurance information.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, gotcha. So you saw these patients without having their insurance information?
Jonathan: Well, for the patients I've seen, I generally do have theirs, but I'm finding I don't necessarily have all the information. So the one guy that I'm my first, like, sir Cigna was my first credentialed payer and. And my first actual CIGNA patient. His wife is the subscriber. He's secondary on it. And I need to get her license now, so I'm now waiting on her information. Her birthday, I guess, is what I need. So waiting to hear back from the patient on that. So I guess there's nothing I can do without her birthday.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. How many claims or how many encounters are. Do you have in your backlog that you haven't built for yet that, that, like.
Jonathan: I mean, I wrote off the entire month January, so I probably average 20. I'm only working three days a week, so probably average like 22 encounters a week. I've been full pretty much since week one.
Nathan Peereboom: So you wrote off January just because you're trying to get the practice going?
Jonathan: Yeah, I'm at $20. I charged everybody and whatever, like the minimum co pay would be for somebody. So, yeah, 80. 80 plus encounters were written off. And yeah, Jonathan, you.
Nathan Peereboom: I mean, I. I gotta tell you, like, if I were in your shoes, to me this would be a no brainer because Advanced md. Well, no, sorry, I don't know exactly what Advanced MD is going to do, but the chance that they're going to like, you know, be able to look through all that data historically and you know, submit retroactive claims. I mean maybe, maybe they can, but at the degree of like auditing and you know, scrubbing that we do, I'd be sort of surprised. What is when you think about like what you're going to do with these claims is the decision like I'm either going to use Advanced MD for them or I'm going to use JOT Sink for them. Or are you thinking like I'm not even going to use these claims, like I'm actually going to write them off and not get them.
Jonathan: I'm under the assumption I'm not getting any of them.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, that's because the way that I see it is this might be a perfect side by side experiment for you where JOT Psych processes your old payment or your old claims, which you're not even going to submit anyways, and then run Advanced MD next to us for February and just see how it goes. But you, if you, if there's no risk to this, you should totally, you know, like let us help you out with that because it is quite. My guess is that it's quite a bit of care and quite a bit of revenue.
Jonathan: Yeah. Oh yeah. Yes. Yeah. No, I'm totally open to that. Absolutely. Because I mean, yeah, there's no, again, I don't know what, I don't know yet for how to get the billing, how to get everything, get it paid, how to get the claim submitted and I'm relying on the training upcoming training to get that done.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, would you be open to. Because here's how we could do it on. If you, if you wanted us to submit these like we could, as I said we could submit them this week. The process is really easy. We would basically just need probably 30 minutes with you to get access to your advanced MD and to have you just fill out some paperwork on, you know, with our clearinghouse so that we could just start running them. Would you be, I mean, would you be open to doing that on Wednesday so that we could just start submitting these for you even if you're going to use the Advanced MD effort?
Jonathan: Yeah. So does that affect my ability to then run it through? Not these claims obviously, like so sign. I had to do this whole thing through Waystar is their clearinghouse. So. So I've set all my, you know, all the parameters within advance are all set up to do that. I guess the EDI is through Advanced. Does that matter?
Nathan Peereboom: No. In fact, if you want to receive your, like, if you've already set up, if you set up an ERA in Advanced.
Jonathan: Is that the enrollment for the bank stuff? Kind of. Right? Yeah. Yes. So, yes.
Nathan Peereboom: Gotcha. Okay, so yeah, you can do all of that. We don't even need to receive your era, but we can just submit your billing and then it'll all come and be reconciled in Advanced md.
Jonathan: I mean, then. Of course, then. Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, cool.
Jonathan: The Wednesday though, in terms of like. I mean, I do have a full schedule.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, let's see. Adam, I'm just checking who's available here. How about. Could you do 6pm Eastern?
Jonathan: No, that. Oh, actually, you know what? Wednesday, I. Dude, that is my only slot I have open this week. Actually is three o' clock on Wednesday.
Nathan Peereboom: That works. Let's do three o'. Clock.
Jonathan: All right, I'll hold that.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay. Stupid.
Jonathan: I mean that, you know, to. To have the only slot be the time you say the. The. That means something, I guess, right? So.
Nathan Peereboom: Hey, that's karma. Exactly.
Jonathan: Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, so that's 6pm My time, 3pm Yours. Is that right?
Jonathan: Yes. Yeah. Pacific. Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay. And then let me grab this. Great. Okay, so, Jonathan, before I. So I'm gonna send my invite right now. Send. Okay, great. So I'm gonna send an MSA just for like the claims that we submit. And you can choose like, whatever level of, you know, payment you want for that or whatever level of service you want. But. But then again, all you need on Wednesday is essentially to come to us with access to your Advanced MD and your Jot Psych account, like, just accessible to you and the ability to designate which notes in Advanced MD you want us to submit. Okay.
Jonathan: Yeah, absolutely.
Nathan Peereboom: All right. Amazing. Hey, is there anything else I can do? Any other questions I can answer?
Jonathan: No, I'm not this. I mean, no, not at this time, I guess. Yeah, I'm curious definitely to see how it works. I mean, a lot of my note would already probably. I. I'll edit a few things, but it's already in Jot Psych for the notes.
Nathan Peereboom: Awesome. Okay, well, if the notes are already there, all the easier for us to kind of look through them.
Jonathan: Yeah, on some level, I think that actually might. I'd be curious to see without my editing, what that note just does straight up.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, so we'll definitely, like, look into that. I also the reason why sometimes it can be helpful to have the advantage. Advanced MD login, though, is we do need, like, your patient's insurance information and all that jazz.
Jonathan: Sure, sure. Absolutely. Yep.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, cool. Listen, looking forward to it. And just huge thank you for. For trusting us with this. This little piece of work. We hope we can make it. Make it a good experience for you. Okay.
Jonathan: Yeah, no, it's been. It's. It's been a good experience. It's just. The time is coming where I got to choose one. Okay, great.
Nathan Peereboom: Thanks a million.
Jonathan: All right. Thank you.
Nathan Peereboom: Take care. Bye. Bye.
Emily Kaiser: Thank you.
Jonathan: Bye.