Evelyne Nyangara: Hey Evelyn, Hi, how are you?
Ryan McAnelly: Good, how are you this morning?
Ryan McAnelly: I'm good, thank you good good so my name is Ryan I'm part of the customer support team here at JotSych and yeah, we'd love to just jump off and see how it can help you and what motivated you to schedule a call with us this morning.
Evelyne Nyangara: Yeah, so I've been using Jot site through my employer but I left the employers so. I found that I cannot log in once you you cannot directly switch into my private use. So I needed to get up and running. Because I've been using service so a little bit.
Ryan McAnelly: I got you and through your previous employer were using a login through your personal email or was it through an organization email?
Evelyne Nyangara: Yeah, I created through my personal email.
Ryan McAnelly: And that's the one you were using previously.
Evelyne Nyangara: Yes.
Ryan McAnelly: Okay and that's the Yahoo address. Okay perfect and you just want to switch it over and be a private user like an independent
Evelyne Nyangara: user yes because I was I was with my employer I was at 1099 with them still so but again. Whatever so anyway I love to the practice so all my contract ended I should say okay. So but I want to switch it to my. So that I don't have to switch back and forth with patients that I'm seeing because of my contract.
Ryan McAnelly: Okay I got you so you want to still get access to what you were using previously but you are an independent or you know independent currently
Evelyne Nyangara: yeah so that I don't have to because I'm not sure now if I will be able maybe you can tell me if I will be able to retrieve some of the. Some of the patients but I used it for.
Ryan McAnelly: Okay and that's that's something that I will have to to go to our team with after our call and I'll follow up with you though just just I just need to make sure if the terms of privacy purposes. I assume it'll be okay because you're using your personal email address previously but I will check on that and then so you will get signed up and you will be paying. Through your own personal credit card now. Your personal account okay cool. Perfect so I will I'm going to go to my team after we hang up here and get some more information for you on how we can do that for you so there's a seamless transition. But other than that how how's your experience been with the product and how do you how do you like Jot Psych so far?
Evelyne Nyangara: Honestly it's expensive but I like it so I've been offered other you know whatever but again the system is not broken so I've enjoyed using it even though it's the it's on the end in terms of the price but I like what it's you know what it's done for what I'm doing so but I like as the product definitely I like it and I've seen they've met quite a few improvements and I see there's more each time there's a new service coming on so I have no complaints about it a little except the price little pricey but you know again especially for somebody who's doing a startup. I can understand as a corporate on stuff like that maybe it's not a big deal but as a startup it's a it's an up cost there but again I like the products in general to speak if we're talking about the product itself.
Ryan McAnelly: Well I'm glad you like it and and hopefully you know as as the product continues to evolve and get better and things and you know hopefully it does save you enough time where you can pick up new new patients and expand your practice and really you know grow there and spend more time doing the important stuff right so working with your patients opposed to you know doing taking notes and and all the tedious aspects of the job. But cool I will circle back with my team and see what we can do on our end and see the process there and I'll circle back with you is the email address the Yahoo email address is the best one to get in touch with you.
Evelyne Nyangara: Yeah the email will be ideal but if possible if I can get up and running to be honest because I'm seeing a lot of patients this weekend and I can't fund them starting to do I've been there done that so if I can get it running so that I'm not interrupting in terms of service now the other thing you may have to note is that again the patients I was seeing. Were not part of the. How can I say it? They were not through the employer that I was using for they're not they're not their patients these are still patients that I'm I continue to see so yeah so them was just a platform when I had another different contract from somewhere but I continued to use you know seeing the patient that you know.
Evelyne Nyangara: Absolutely they were not clients yeah it's not like I keep getting access to the previous information of that employer with their patients had nothing to do when I was when I started using geotech. The bad employer I left maybe a year ago something but I just continued I didn't I just continued to use it it's now that they and but I used it on I never used it on their page I used it maybe that contract ended with everything so just to again when I started using all these patients are patients that my patients they're not their patients.
Ryan McAnelly: Perfect. That makes sense. Well I will go speak with my team this morning and hopefully get you a resolution here today so that you continue continue working with your patients through the weekend without a hiccup or anything. So I'll add some homework to do I'll get back to you with you know. If we can do that and how we can do that and get you moving so that like I said this weekend you can you know start without a hitch and continue seeing your patients.
Evelyne Nyangara: So for right now I should hold off opening another account.
Ryan McAnelly: Yes I would let me check with my team to see if we can you know get going with the old one and then yeah like I said I'll be in touch with you and we'll have a solution step by step to get you moving so you can like I said without skipping a beat this weekend and meet with your patients.
Evelyne Nyangara: Thank you so much appreciate it
Ryan McAnelly: you I'll be in touch here shortly.
Ryan McAnelly: Thank you appreciate it bye bye thanks nice to meet you bye.