Nathan Peereboom: Hi, it's Ada.
aidadabreonp: Yes, how are you?
Nathan Peereboom: Hey, Nice to meet you. Am I pronouncing your name right?
aidadabreonp: My name is Aida. Or you can call me Ida.
Nathan Peereboom: Aida. Okay, gotcha. Am I thinking right, that there's a famous opera named Aida?
aidadabreonp: Yes, there is.
Nathan Peereboom: There is. Are you a fan of it?
aidadabreonp: Am I? I never saw the opera, but when I was young.
Nathan Peereboom: You have to go see it.
aidadabreonp: Yeah, and I wish I had saw the Broadway play.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. Yeah, well, me too. Well, one day. One day, maybe we'll both see Aida. Hey. It's so nice to meet you. My name is Nate. I'm the CEO and co founder of Jot Psych, and I would love. Just to start out by understanding your world and your practice. Who do you see? Where in the country are you? Just give me a little background.
aidadabreonp: Okay? I'm from new york, but I'm physically in texas. I'm licensed in new york. And a few other states, Texas, including Maryland, Oregon, et cetera. I mostly see adults 18 and older, but sometimes I see teenagers, like 15, 16 and up. I usually don't see clients older than 64. And mostly seeing clients for, like, anxiety, depression. Ptsd, sleep issues, some adhd. Not too heavily, because I don't really like to deal with controlled substances. And that's pretty much it.
Nathan Peereboom: Gotcha. So when you think about your practice, how is billing going on right now? How do you do billing? What's feeling good about it? What's feeling hard about it? What's going well? What's not going well?
aidadabreonp: Well, I don't really have issues with billing because I'm on those platforms that a lot of other people are on. Headway, road therapy, armor. So I really deal with issues with billing.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay?
aidadabreonp: Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: Gotcha. So when you saw that we've launched our billing service, we've launched our credentialing service, what made you interested in reaching out? What kind of piqued your ears there?
aidadabreonp: Well, I'm not under Medicaid on any of those platforms, and I'm not under Tricare. So those caught my eye.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. When you think about what you're looking for in a credentialer, we think about speed and transparency as being like, the two most important factors. What other things do you really care about when it comes to credentialing?
aidadabreonp: Negotiating a contract so that I'm not lowballed with the pay. For the code.
Nathan Peereboom: Totally, totally. Is this the kind of thing where if I told you, hey, I eat out, we could just do this for you. That would be an attractive offer in terms of getting it submitted really fast. Getting you a lot of transparency on the process and including you in that negotiation so that you knew that you were being paid according to the standard that you should be.
aidadabreonp: Yeah. So my issue. With Medicaid is. I've heard so many providers say their claims are often rejected. Like, I mean, at an astounding rate. That's always scared me from taking Medicaid. Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: Do you know why they're rejected?
aidadabreonp: I'm not sure. I mean, it could have to do with the note or whatever. I'm not sure.
Nathan Peereboom: Interesting when you think about your own outside of the MSOs. So outside of Headway, grow whatever you use for MSOs. How many patients do you see on your own EHR, billing directly to the insurer, et cetera?
aidadabreonp: Every client that I see is under one of those MSOs. I have not wanted to deal with filling on my own, so I have not done that.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. I mean, the reason why I bring it up is, I mean, I think you know this. The MSOs take around 20 to 30% of the revenue.
aidadabreonp: Large amount that I do know. So I'm interested know exploring other options. But again, I've heard some nightmare stories, mostly with Medicaid, but even with other insurances, so, yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. I mean, I think. I think that, yes. Yeah. I mean, I think that, you know, it is a scary landscape out there. There's no. I mean, there's a reason why MSOs exist. And partly the reason is because insurance billing is scary. But the other part is just that the MSOs take on something else, which is patient acquisition. And so typically, what we see with our customers is that they match rate into owning their own practice outside the MSOs as the value of patients, you know, identification and patient recruitment declines. Because as you mature as a clinician and you start to have a reputation, you start to have, you know, repeat clients. What people find is that, you know, they're paying the MSO rate or the MSO tax, but they actually are not getting the benefit of all the patient recruitment that they needed early on in their career. I'm kind of curious for you.
Nathan Peereboom: Does that resonate at all?
aidadabreonp: Like what?
Nathan Peereboom: Well, you know, the MSRs help you find patients. They help direct patients to you. That's part of their value. And my guess is that, you know, if you've been on a few of these for a little while, you probably have a bunch of patients where if you said, hey, I'd love for you to come, I have my own private practice. I'm off headway now. My guess is that many of them would follow you. But does that feel true to you or. Not necessarily.
aidadabreonp: For the most part. I think with headway they would grow therapy. Although they're an msl. And they say it's our own practice. They also have some funny language where. They feel like they paid for marketing. So it's. So instead of taking the patients with us, we should just refer all of the patients to other providers on their network? I've had that issue with them before.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. Yeah. Okay, that's fair.
aidadabreonp: Confusing because it's like, okay, well, is it you? You know, for liability? You guys say it's our own practice, but. Like I had a few patients that switch insurance and different things, or they had issues with growth, therapy, billing. So if they say, you know what? I don't want to. I don't want to see you on this platform. Is there any other way I could book you? And I tell them, okay, yeah, Berkeley through Headway. Somehow they found out about that. I did that. And then they. They had this issue. Saying that? Well, they paid for the marketing, so they have the rights to retain the patients. No, the patient is my patient. You know, you guys have already taken out the fees for marketing since the first visit, you know, and then on top of that, you take a high percent every time I've seen this client.
Nathan Peereboom: Right, Right.
aidadabreonp: Totally.
Nathan Peereboom: I mean, that's. That's how we feel.
aidadabreonp: Supposed to refer in network to another provider on this network. I'm like, no, not if the patient. Especially if the patient says they don't want to be seen on girl therapy. Whatever happened with the billing or whatever issue you guys are having, the patient does not want to be on this platform. So how do I not have the right to continue seeing this patient? So I've. I've had that hiccup with them a few times, but, yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: Well, you know, it's one of those things where it's extremely hard for MSOs to actually, you know, go after a clinician because of all the things you said. You know, patients want what they want.
Nathan Peereboom: And it's really unattractive. At a PR level for them to pursue a patient or a clinician for staying with each other after the clinician leaves the platform.
Nathan Peereboom: Here's what I would say, though. You know, and we talk with. I mean, I say this to. I was just saying this to someone. Someone like an hour ago. At our DNA. We're entrepreneurs. You know, we started this company because we really believe in the value and the spiritual goodness of owning our own destiny, building what we believe is good in the world, disseminating it to people who we really, like, care about and, like, want to work with. And I think that we feel a lot of kinship with people like you who are thinking about making this leap, because it's a big leap.
Nathan Peereboom: You know, it's. It's the leap of starting your own business in a different way, in a way that, like, gives you more rewards and takes a little bit more. Risk and has just more skin in the game for you. I do think that there's a huge value in, like, dipping your toes in. So if you're saying, try carrot, can you say Tricare and Medicaid are the two that you're interested in?
aidadabreonp: That I would start with because, you know, at Nurse Signal Optum, I already have those on Grow Alma and Headway.
aidadabreonp: So yeah, I would be more so interested with starting. With two or three that I don't have, and then, you know, see what happens. With those.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, totally. Well, we would love to support you in that. You know, if you wanted us to kick that off for you, we'd be super glad to. And the other thing that I would say that you might find really heartening is that when we, you know, if. If you should choose at the end of. That process to stay with us for billing. We have an entire billing system that is hybrid AI and human. It audits every note. It writes a pair specific note based on those contracts. And then we submit and fight for your claims in a really, really dogged and rigorous way. This is a really nice service if you're just getting into kind of the weird world of billing and your hesitancy is around denials.
Nathan Peereboom: You know, when it comes to denials, we have, like, this auto appeal and diagnosis system that looks at the entire patient record, it looks at the charge slip, it looks at the contract you have with the insurance company, and then it reads the denial. And based on all of that information, it writes the appeal and fights the appeal and also. What's going on?
aidadabreonp: Yeah, I've heard about those. I've been to Healthcare events, and her other business owners talk about using AI. To write the note, scanning it to make sure it has everything, using that same AI to amend like any rejections, et cetera, or or fight any rejection claims, etc. So I've heard about this stuff, yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: Well, look, you don't have to make a decision about it at all. It's just one nice thing about working with us for credentialing. So let me. Let me. I mean, I guess I'll just ask it point blank. Like, should we get started on this for you? Like, do you want us to go?
aidadabreonp: Well, I don't really know the details. You know, how long does it take? What does it cost? What do you guys charge for billing? So you. Haven't really told me. I guess the perspective here, right? And then, you know, job site has been good so far. I mean, I have had some hiccups. It does become tedious to have to copy and paste each section. Into my ehr. Of course. You know, there's been other companies that have contacted me, including Med Writer. They do. You can. You can click copy and it pastes right into advance MD with just one click. So I don't have to, like, copy and paste. And then they also offer a lock in rate. You pay one price, you stay with them, and then that'll be the price forever. So, I mean, there's always new tools coming out, and, you know, some of the offers, of course, are appealing. Right?
Nathan Peereboom: Totally. Well. Aida I would love. We just launched this new program for the copy paste functionality that you're describing. It's a Chrome extension that sits in the web browser that Advanced MD or practice whatever EHR you use sits in. So I'd love to show you, you know, get you some time with one of our engineers to see that. The other thing I would ask you, though, is are you interested in everything sitting in jots? Like, you know, you mentioned that you're using another EHR. We have ePrescription, we have scheduling. But you don't even need scheduling, really, because you've got everything in the MSOs. You know, is there something that you're being offered by your current ehr that you know, in your mind you're like, well, man, if only jots like offered me this, I could just switch to them.
aidadabreonp: I mean, honestly, the biggest headache with switching EHRs is getting all the current charts over to another system. That is a headache. And it can be costly. The last time I did that. From tebra to advance md. It was costly, that's all. Say so. I don't know. But I mean, D as a system is also costly per month. So I'm not saying that I will stay with them forever.
Nathan Peereboom: How much do you spend on advanced md?
aidadabreonp: About 5, 65 per month or something. Okay? Yeah, it's two. It's too expensive. Temper was like 2. 75amonth.
Nathan Peereboom: What if I told you this, Aida? What if I told you that we would do the data transition for free? If you did, if we were credentialing for you. And what if I told you that we could keep it under 24 hours? The transition period. Like, we could say, hey, we'll meet with you Wednesday at noon, and by Thursday at noon, all your data will be in jots like, And then what?
aidadabreonp: Like, okay, so, you know, if an insurance company calls and they want a copy of the note or the patient wants a copy of the note, we have to download it, put it in PDF. You know, there's. There's a lot that comes with retaining these charts, you know, so, like, therapy and headway. In order to do the invoice. Now if you don't use their ehr, they make you upload the PDF copy in order to submit the invoice to the for it to be built. So then, yeah, that always has to be saved as a PDF.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. I mean, that's. That's super, super doable, though, and we can show you how to do that. We are a full ehr. You know, there are plenty. I mean there have been hundreds of thousands of notes signed in jot psych that because they're signed, we actually are legally obligated to save them for that seven year period. They're all protected in the same way that the most blue chip healthcare software documents are protected. So, you know, from an insurance access, from a patient safety and security standpoint, and from an accessibility to the MSOs, you know, that's the daily thing for us. Like, that's a very, very normal cycle of activities. So if that's your concern, I just want to say, like, you know, that shouldn't be something that you have to worry about with any hr, but especially with John Psych. But here's the. Here's the bigger thing, Ada. You don't have to transition your ehr right now. One thing that we can do. And again, this is part of us just, like, wanting to work more with you. It's like, you know, if you decided to do credentialing, we'll throw in a data transition for, like, a data, you know, migration for free. But that just gives you a sense of what jots like would be like if you used it as your ehr. You can still keep using Practice Fusion for now. And you know, as you're experiencing it, and you're like, oh, my gosh, all the data connects here. This is amazing. Then you can decide if you want to use Johnson as your ehr. But there's no pressure. It's not a conditional thing where you have to, you know, because we're copying your data into our system, you all of a sudden have to use jig as your ehr?
aidadabreonp: Okay?
Nathan Peereboom: So why don't I, I guess.
aidadabreonp: What are you most curious to credential? An average. How long does it take? And then, you know, you said that. Headway and growth therapy take? You know, I think headway said they take 17%. I think growth therapy. Is more in the 20 something percent. So what do you guys charge for billing?
Nathan Peereboom: So we charge 4 to 8%. And the reason why we charge 48% is, again, we're not doing patient acquisition, so we don't go in market for you. And, and so 48% is, like, industry standard for the services we provide. But the services we provide are all AI enabled, which means that they operate faster and at higher accuracy than, you know, than any other billing company. So, for example, when we audit a note before we submit a claim, we're auditing it with 250 different rules that we've pulled from Medicaid's public documents, your personal like contracts with those payers, your fee schedule, et cetera. There's no billing company on Earth that's using that level of rigor to look at your notes before they submit to a payer. And what that means is that there's no billing company on Earth that's defending you at the level of detail and rigor that we can so 4 to 8% is what we charge of revenue. And then for credentialing, just to get started, we do $350 one time cost and then $300 per pair to set up. And then there's nothing after that. That's it. It's just a one time cost that covers our labor and covers like the rigor moral of getting those documents.
aidadabreonp: But I think the email said, like you guys will put like throw into the first two for a reduced rate or something. In the email I got.
Nathan Peereboom: Let's see. Do you know the. Do you have the email in front of you, by any chance?
aidadabreonp: No, but I can look for it.
aidadabreonp: And then what? What? Are. What are the going rates for Tricare, Medicare, for, for, like, the most common codes?
Nathan Peereboom: I could pull up.
Nathan Peereboom: I was actually just looking at a tricare.
aidadabreonp: Like someone who had tricare. Pardon me. Your phone was breaking up.
Nathan Peereboom: Oh, shoot. Sorry. Yeah, I think my computer is just low on. Low on gas. So for Tricare and Medicaid, it depends on your region and your licensure. So I'd have to look at it Aida, but I know we have it, at least for a few clinicians. And other, you know, in our repository, there's variance, though. So it is the kind of thing where you're totally right. You know, the first process is, you know, just on an absolute level, like getting credentialed with them. And then, you know, in that process, we support you in the negotiating. By giving you a table of, like, what you're, you know, what your region of the country is paying for these kinds of visits, and what Tricare and Medicaid are paying for these visits as well. And you can kind of try and get oftentimes, we'll also look at the, you know, if there are some heuristics for the quality of care you're doing. We'll try and infuse the negotiation with that as well. But it's hard to give you an exact number, not knowing enough about you and your practice and where in the country you are.
aidadabreonp: Right. So an example would be Texas. Right. So the most common codes for just like, the first visit is 99204 and 90833. So I'm just saying, like, what is reimbursement in the state of Texas for that initial visit?
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. So I would have to just, like, look that up in our database.
aidadabreonp: I would not want to. Yeah, I would not want to go through an application process for something and then later on be unsatisfied with the reimbursement rates.1 in general, this can be because I've spoken to credentialing companies before. Like this can be looked up.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay. Yeah. And we can look it up and get back to you. Is that. I think that that's probably our next step, then. If what you're feeling is like, hey, I want to know the number. I think that we should probably go look that up for you.
aidadabreonp: Yeah. I would like that.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay?
aidadabreonp: Now I can. It was frozen.
Nathan Peereboom: Oh, Aida, can you hear me? Whoops. Yeah, sorry. I was asking, like, what is the number in your mind that we would need to be confident we could get with Medicaid and trauma?
aidadabreonp: I would say for an initial visit, it should be at least in the 200s. For an initial visit. Right. And then for the follow ups. It's usually like 99214 with the ADD on 900, 833 or, you know, sometimes it's just one diagnosis, 99213 and 90833. I would say that at minimum needs to be in the 150 ballpark, because even with headway taken, whatever percent they take. I usually get at least 150 for a follow up.
Nathan Peereboom: Got it. Okay, that's helpful. Another question. If we find out that those rates are not hit. Would you be interested in exploring commercial pairs? Or in your mind? Nope. If something is, you know, a commercial pair, I want to keep them on the MSOs. Like, what's your thought around that? Because there is a possibility Medicaid is like that
aidadabreonp: means medicated earning higher rates with the commercial insurances that are not on the mso. I'm not against that. I'm just saying I'm interested in exploring insurances that I don't have because business wise, It's a better decision.
aidadabreonp: That's super helpful that I take United healthcare, Signa Optum, etc. So do I need to be credentialed with that again right away? No, I don't. I would rather open myself up to new markets like possibly Medicaid and Tricare so I can get different clientele in. And then to me, if that goes well, Then sure. Then I would say, okay. Well, it went well with these two contracts. Now I'm more comfortable to, you know, maybe transfer my headway patients onto JOT Psych with the commercial and also get credentials with those commercial insurances there. But I would. I would. I would open myself to two new markets first because I'm already on three platforms with the same exact insurances.
Nathan Peereboom: I understand. My guess. I'm just going to be totally honest with you, Aida. My guess is that Medicaid is not going to match the reimbursement that you're describing. I could be wrong. I could be wrong. The last time I looked at Medicaid in detail was for a customer down in Florida. Now, there are, I'm sure, other commercial payers that we could add that might give you again that, like, first experience that allows you to understand, hey, do I want to start moving my patients and those other commercials to jobs?
Nathan Peereboom: Like, so if we were going to go that route, what other commercial payers would you be? Interested in.
aidadabreonp: I'm not sure. What else are you guys offering?
Nathan Peereboom: Well, we offer. I mean, there's. There's no insurance company that we wouldn't credential with. Like, it's a very. It's not a pair specific service. You know, our promise to you is if you want to be credentialed with someone, we will doggedly pursue that until. It happens. And, you know, there's no special key that you need to do that. It's. It's really just about being, you know, smart and wily and having really, really rapid follow up. With that process. So if there is a commercial. If there were three commercial payers that you said, hey, in the absence of Medicaid and Tricare, meaning this reimbursement standard, these are the ones I'm excited about. I could look into that and give you an estimate on those as well.
aidadabreonp: Yeah. All right. I mean, I just asked. Typical, you know, chat GPT, they said for tricare, 992-149-0833. For the state of texas. It's usually in the ballpark of 165 to 180 for those two codes combined. That's a follow up.
Nathan Peereboom: Got you. So you're seeing it on your side that that's a normal reimbursement in your region.
aidadabreonp: Or tricare for texas, yes.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, great. Well, then it sounds like a green light for tricare.
aidadabreonp: And for 99204 for the initial visit for Tricare Texas. It's 205 to 2:15. That's not bad.
Nathan Peereboom: That's great. That's awesome. All right, well, perfect. So I guess it sounds like Tricare is. I mean, and we can look into Medicaid, but is tricare a yes? Do you want us to start with Tricare?
aidadabreonp: Yeah, I'm interested. In in tricare.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay?
aidadabreonp: I'm not. I mean, they said for Texas, Medicaid, for psych, nps. 99214 and 90833 is in the range of 135 to 170 for typical Texas Medicaid. That's a follow up. And then combined. The 9 and 204 initial visit. Is 2:15-260. So that's not bad for Texas Medicaid either.
Nathan Peereboom: My gosh. I'm going to have a room. We know. Move to Texas. These are amazing rates.
Nathan Peereboom: I mean, it's definitely not like this in the middle of rural Florida, let me tell you.
aidadabreonp: Yeah. Yeah. So where tricare and Medicaid. Tricare averages for follow up. 992-149-0833. TRICARE's 165 to 180. Texas Medicaid is 140 to 1 60. I mean, the numbers are not that much different. And Medicare is 165, 175. And commercial can be, of course, higher, 180 to 240, which is true. I've seen that. So. I mean, it's not. It's not. It's not bad. And right now, like, since the insurance rates have become high and a lot of people have lost their jobs, There's, like, more people at least trying to get Medicaid, so.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. Well, I mean, that.
aidadabreonp: That's. I'm still open to Medicaid. My. My biggest thing with Medicaid is the rejections. But if you guys. If this AI that you're using is effective, then it should be okay.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. I mean, Medicaid is not people. People bill for Medicaid, you know, like, it's not like Medicaid. Some like, horrible payer that, like, you can't, you can't make money on. They're great. They're great clinics and really good businesses based on Medicaid. Patients. So I don't think you should be scared of Medicaid in terms of the denial profile. Well, I'll tell you what, I do have to go right now. In terms of next step, should we set up some time for you to send me or for us to, like, get the documents in order so that we can start? Because as soon as we start the clock, you know, the better. The faster we kind of click go, the sooner you can start, you know, receiving patients for these folks. Is that. Is that what you would like as a next step?
aidadabreonp: Yeah. You know, I don't know if you guys have researched it, maybe like another. Some other commercial insurance that maybe I don't have, that maybe for a large portion of Texas, maybe it's a popular insurance. You know, I could explore that. But to begin, I would say Medicaid. And tricare.
Nathan Peereboom: Love it. Okay, here's what I'm going to do. I'm going to pop into the chat. A group of documents for you. And what would.
aidadabreonp: Can you guys email that to me instead, please?
Nathan Peereboom: Sure. Yeah. Yeah. Happy to email it to you. We're also doing a special Kickstart program where if you get us these documents in the next, like, 48 hours, We will reduce the cost of the whole program by, like, $300. So instead of, you know. So it'll basically decline by a third. So once I send you that email, I would just say send it to us as fast as possible so that we can get rolling. And get you on board as, you know, as expediently as we want, all right?
aidadabreonp: Okay, awesome.
Nathan Peereboom: All right, Ada, I'm really excited. Thank you so much for meeting with me, and we're excited to work together.
aidadabreonp: All right. Awesome. Thank you so much. Bye.
Nathan Peereboom: Take care. Bye. Bye.