Becca Bressler: Hey there.
Dani Wise: Hello.
Becca Bressler: Hi, Danny. How's it going?
Dani Wise: It's going good. How's it going for you?
Becca Bressler: It's good. Really nice to meet you.
Dani Wise: Nice to meet you too.
Becca Bressler: I'm so glad I was able to get on a call with you. Thank you so much for being willing to do this. I'm Becca. I'm the product manager at JOT Psych, as I mentioned and as you probably noticed, we just launched a feature to help people with auditing their notes and catching any errors before billing issues, etc. And I noticed you engaging with it a little bit and so I just kind of wanted to talk to you about your experience with it or if you're enjoying it, what you're noticing, how it's fitting into your workflow. Can you tell me a little bit about. About that?
Dani Wise: Yeah. So I am a clinical social work intern and so I use Juds JOT Psych for my notes. I did notice that it cut the feature was there and I was like, oh, that's interesting because I normally like before I would just do my notes and everything would be fine. But I did see that it would ask if like, oh, do you want to regenerate your note to be more payer friendly? You know, this is premium and all this and so I'm like, this is kind of interesting but I mean I think that it's a pretty, a great idea to be quite honest because a lot of times when we're doing notes or with AI, obviously there's going to be times where AI just doesn't match the situation for the session or it'll hear. Sometimes I've had it like hear me and like use my quotes, like for the patient quotes that I might know that's not it, but I think it's pretty cool. I think it's a really good feature, especially when it comes to, you know, documentation because I think it's super important that you know, we do have that auditing. But it's just, I don't mean to be this person, but it's already, it's probably a little bit more like more expensive anyway to like add that on, if that makes sense.
Becca Bressler: Yeah. So I want to talk to you. So I want to get there for sure. My question initially is have you. What has your interaction been with it? Have you just like reviewed the thing? So. Yeah, and I don't know if you want to or are able to share your screen with me. Like I'm kind of interested in your workflow. How many templates do you usually use for jot. Psych. I'm curious, do you have, like, two standard ones or.
Dani Wise: I just use one. I mean, there's a couple that I kind of put on, but typically I just use one for the summary. Patient interventions, you know, the response to them. The chief complaint, mental status examination. Yeah, I was engaging with it because I was really curious about, like, what it was, like, auditing. And so it was just kind of like just a little thing that I saw, and I was like, oh, I kind of wonder what this is. So I was looking for it and kind of just looking through. And then eventually, like, it was just a couple minutes or two, and then I'd go back to my notes. So that's just what I would engage with it. Yeah.
Becca Bressler: Have you ever tried clicking, like. The fix. So there's that button that says like fix with AI when it flags an issue. Have you tried that or seen it?
Dani Wise: No.
Becca Bressler: Were you aware of that?
Dani Wise: No. So let me pull it up real quick.
Becca Bressler: Can you share your screen? I'd love to just kind of walk through your workflow. What's the EHR that you use?
Dani Wise: Well, I use Advanced md. I'm kind of worried about sharing screen because of confidentiality for clients and for hip hop.
Becca Bressler: Okay. I mean we've signed all of the paperwork here, so there's, you know, hipaa. There's no issues with HIPAA compliance legally. But if personally, if that doesn't feel good for you, I totally understand.
Dani Wise: But I can go into one of my notes and I can kind of tell you what I see. So yeah, right at the bottom of one of my notes it says note audit complete. So then go to amend and then AI note assistance. I go to the audit and it shows like the, like the diagnosis or like the CBT code. And just like a couple of, like even in the sections it'll just say like, oh, there's like, it has like a red circle with the one in it. And I'm like, kind of interesting. So that's as much as far as I've gotten really with it. But I mean, I think you looked
Becca Bressler: at the panel though, and you've reviewed the flags that they have been raised, like the warnings or the non compliant stuff. But did you, when you saw that, did you think to make changes in your. No. Did you, did it. Did you take any additional action with your documentation as a result of it or you were just investigating?
Dani Wise: Just investigating, mostly, yeah.
Becca Bressler: Okay. And why is that? Like when you see a flag that flags something that's maybe not compliant, what does that like make you think? I guess, are you like, oh, this doesn't really apply to the code I'm using or this doesn't feel trustworthy? Like, I'm just curious what you thought of the actual flags.
Dani Wise: That's a good question. It was kind of interesting because when I, when the audits came up, it was, I was kind of like, well, that's kind of weird, you know, because I mean, okay, obviously we want our documentation to be on, on par, you know, especially because the board's watching and especially if we have to get them subpoenaed and whatnot. But I kind of just, I was like, wow. I wonder because I would read through the sections like the summary as an example, I'd read through the summary and I'm like, but that's kind of what we talked about in session. Like all of this is correct. So I don't understand why there would be like an audit type there, you know, if that makes sense. So I was like, okay, I guess. And so like listen, I have to do my notes like super quick. So I have a very strict deadline for when I can get them in. So I guess it was just more of we got to hurry up, we just got to get this in, you know. And all my notes were correct. It was just more of a. Okay, yeah, that's cool. That's a cool feature to have. But right now we got to get our notes done if that makes sense.
Becca Bressler: Yeah. So I guess what I'm hearing from you is you don't have the time to really engage with it.
Becca Bressler: Yeah, but if you see a flag that suggests something that's, that's not. Compliant. Because sometimes it's about like the richness of the note or the like specifics. Did you see anything that. Can you talk to me more about the summary thing? So everything in the note was correct. You see this red dot? What was the flag associated with it? Do you remember?
Dani Wise: So I didn't actually like click into the. Because I, I would see it, but I wouldn't actually click into it because I was like, oh, that's kind of, that's kind of interesting. Paid attention to it for a second, but then I was like, you know, I, like I said, I read through it, you know, the summary. And I was like, but that, that's, that's how this, you know, that's, that's correct. So I just, it was just kind of one of those like fleeting moments and then it was just like, okay, we just, we got to get this done.
Dani Wise: We gotta get going.
Becca Bressler: What did you. But you don't recall, like, because if there was a red dot next to the summary, it suggests that there was something flagged about it, maybe missing something. But you don't recall what it was bringing to your attention about that section? No, no.
Dani Wise: Well, then it was correct though. So that's kind of what I was wondering as I was like, well, but it's correct though. Like everything that is in here is correct. You know, we talked it, you know, down to, you know, the persistent type of diagnoses, the skills we use, you know, how the appoint next appointment, you know, the cognitive restructuring and stuff like that. So it was there. So that's why I was like, I wonder why that's there. That's really weird. Why would that get audited? But then it was just like, okay, we got to get this done.
Becca Bressler: Got it. So is your, what is your like understanding of the feature? Like in your words, how would you, how do you understand what this new feature is?
Dani Wise: I think you know my own words. I would say this is a type of feature that helps to like audit or maybe even red flag some certain things that could be, you know, how do I say this? That it could be seen as repetitive or maybe like when they, when insurance companies do audit the notes, it's repetitive or it doesn't meet like a certain level for the payer source. Because that's, that's why I did notice that it said, oh yeah, like you know, you can generate this for payer friendly. And I was like, well, but because. And that. I think that was the thing was I didn't want to click it and then lose all that information. I already had.
Becca Bressler: Yeah.
Dani Wise: Because, I mean, it was really good and everything. So I was like, I just don't want to ruin this. So I kind of just want to keep this where it's at.
Becca Bressler: Yeah. Do you. What do you mean by repetitive?
Dani Wise: Like, repetitive like it. Because sometimes, like, when I do my summaries, sometimes from the previous note, it will have the. As an example, patient struggles with resistant, like treatment resistant depression. You know, the first time that I see them, they that kind of carries over into the next note. So when I do the summary, it's repetitive from the last note, but it's the same thing. Like, it's correct. It's just. I can understand where if an insurance company is like, looking to see about the progress of the patient and how, you know, they're doing it kind of seems like repetitive. So that's. That was my guess.
Becca Bressler: Got it. So you're, you're just to say it back to you. The, the flag you thought maybe you were seeing is like, this summary sounds too much like the previous summary. And from an insurance perspective, they need to be sounding different from each other. That's kind of what you thought you were seeing is. Can you tell me a little bit more about your work situation or you are a part of a group that uses advanced MD did you say?
Dani Wise: That's a good question. I am with a psychiatry company. And like I said, I'm a clinical social work intern. So my work I do in person and telehealth sessions. And so I am obviously constantly doing notes all the time and treatment plans, locusts, all that type of stuff. And so I just have to say, though, I love job psych because it really cuts my time in half. Like, I would have to spend hours on, like. And I mean, I'm serious, like a full day on Saturdays just to get my stuff done. And this is so easy. But, you know, I definitely am going to get my clinical social work license, so I'm halfway there.
Becca Bressler: Okay.
Dani Wise: So that's kind of what I do.
Becca Bressler: And what type of guidance do you have from your employer around documentation compliance? Do they have strict rules around how you have to document?
Dani Wise: Well, they have a timeline, so we have to get it done within four days. And so especially when we're seeing six, seven, eight patients a day, by the end of the day, number one, we're overwhelmed, we're exhausted. And then if we have a treatment plan review or even an intake, we have about five to six other assessments we have to do. And so that is kind of. It can be very difficult because especially when we just need to hurry up and get the stuff done, you know, we're not going to be at our best. We're going to miss information. I. I know. I feel like I miss information in the beginning because I didn't have jot psych. But we do have consents that we have the client sign in order to use jot psych. And I always ask, even before I turn it on, you know, hey, is this okay if we do this? You know, so I always make sure to give the client that respect and. Because I don't like doing shady shit under the table.
Becca Bressler: Yeah, for sure.
Dani Wise: I just try to. I just try to do that for them. So.
Becca Bressler: And what, what in your, like, final document that you're signing, what that is not coming from Jobs like, or is Jot Psych, essentially your entire clinical note?
Dani Wise: Basically most of it. So we have the clinic, the chief complaint, which I use the summary as the chief complaint, and then we have interventions for the goals, and then we have a patient interventions and patient response. Response, which I use that for. And then we have the clinical summary symptom, you know, severity, stuff like that. That doesn't touch. I only use like the, like, like history of presenting illness, like if it's an intake or a couple of other things from other formats. And then, you know, homework, you know, plan, and then the mental status exam, I kind of use that as like, you know, like a kind of side thing. So I don't rely on it because I, I do the mental status exam myself, but I kind of like to have it just so that way, like if, if I miss something or whatnot. So yeah, Norm, I was really kind of against AI for a while because I didn't really, you know, I was like this, this is going to get it wrong, you know, but there are parameters to be able to use it, especially your clinical notes. And a lot of the doctors and psychiatrists at our, at our facility do use it.
Dani Wise: So when it is the thing.
Becca Bressler: When you say you do the mental status exam yourself, do you mean you write it all out yourself or at your, eh. Are there checkboxes that you're clicking?
Dani Wise: Like, there's like little dropdowns. So it kind of just depends. So a lot of times I use, I hate to say it like this. I use CHAT CBT for my mental status examination, like for descriptive words. Because sometimes like, you kind of have to mix it up a little bit bit, you know, so I use that. But then at the same time though, you know, I, I use the dropdowns as like, you know, if I'm. Sometimes I have a hard time, you know, trying to pick a word that best fits the clients and like what they, what they're presenting. So I do it like that, just so that way it's easier, you know, so it, it kind of just depends upon the day. So a lot of times it's going to be very straightforward and it's just like, okay, this is basically what we had last session. Some days we're gonna have a crisis episode and we're gonna need to be a little bit more descriptive.
Becca Bressler: Why chatgpt for the mental status exam versus what jot Psych produces?
Dani Wise: That's a good question. I like more descriptive words. So as an example, like, I love the idea of like, you know, more. A little bit more. I just, I sometimes feel like advanced ND at times really is just kind of. They scrape the surface right there.
Becca Bressler: Yeah.
Dani Wise: So that's kind of why, I mean, I kind of use both of them at the same, you know, for those types of things. So I've been trying to kind of balance it out a little bit. But with ChatGPT, I do like, because I was really curious one day, I was like, I wonder if they can do this? And so I put it in, and it had, like, all these amazing descriptors. And I was like, wow, that's actually really cool.
Becca Bressler: Did you take the transcript? Was it. You took the transcript of your session and put it into ChatGPT? Is that how you gave it information for the mental status exam or no?
Dani Wise: So, as an example, so for mood, there would be like euthymic, happy, positive, but there would also be, like, sociable, confident, things like that. And there's another descriptors that I was like, write me a long list of things that you can use for a mental status examination.
Becca Bressler: I describe. I see. So you were trying. You were going to tap GPT for almost like a template of possibilities. It was not writing a particular patient's mental status exam. It's like, give me a bunch of words that I can use to kind of mix it up. Yes. Do you ever use Jock Psych's AI editor to like, get your note in the format? Do you know the chat bot on the side? Is that something you've used before to tailor your template?
Dani Wise: Okay, I have. I found I do that all the time because a lot of times I would come out with patient. There has been a thing where it takes like a client's name, but it sticks it for every single note. So even like with the different patients, it sticks that person's name. So like, as an example, you know Bob. You know, just as an example.
Dani Wise: I don't Bob, but Bob would be, you know, in his note, it would be like, Bob does this and does that. But then all of the patients after Bob, it would put Bob's name in there. And so I had to use the bot to be like, hey, put the name in there instead. Take out patient, take out pt. And I did find the little find and replace feature a little bit ago. And I was like, oh, this is cool. Okay.
Becca Bressler: Yeah, the Bob thing. So you've probably seen if you use the AI editor, occasionally a prompt will show up and it says, do you want to train this?
Becca Bressler: Like, do you want us to remember it? So what I feel like is maybe not super clear is the training is for the template. It's not for like the patient. So if you had clicked like yes train, it would have taken Bob for that. For that template going forward. So. Which is frustrating because I think a lot of people don't just want to train their template, but they want to train that particular patient. Like, yes, always remember to call this patient this. So apologies there, but that's probably what happened. The. What did you do you ever get feedback on. So it sounds like the mental status exam, there's dropdowns, and that's something you're not always, always using for jot psych. You want to change up the language are in your. In advanced md. Are there other parts of the note that require you to like, click around or you're otherwise kind of using like almost like one text box for jot psych in your notes?
Dani Wise: I just used a couple of the ones that I mentioned.
Dani Wise: But there's also the treatment plan. We kind of like with the goals we. They have like a dropdown for like the different progress, you know, is it small progress? It no progress, no regression, you know, long term progress, that type of stuff. So that technically doesn't, you know, have anything to do with JOT Psych. But a lot of the times with my notes, I do use JOT psych, so. Okay.
Becca Bressler: Right. Because JOT psych's maybe not picking up the nuance of the progress. Like, that's your own assessment of what you're seeing.
Becca Bressler: So you rely on this other way of documenting that that makes sense. Do you ever get like, push, like pushback about your notes or there was, like, issues coding it the wrong CBT code or the wrong modifier? Like, I'm curious, because ultimately. Right. We built this tool because we want to help people make more compliant notes. Because we know that audits happen all the time or people get paid at a lower code than what they billed for, and so then they have to, like, prove their documentation meets a certain reimbursement threshold. Is that something you experience? Like, oh, you have to send in notes for audits or. And you're not getting reimbursed at the right rate? That's not really something you go through.
Dani Wise: No. No.
Becca Bressler: Okay, got it. What did you think about the CBT session or, excuse me, CBT code that you were seeing? Did it seem reasonable? Did it seem accurate?
Dani Wise: It's interesting because I personally don't like to put in the CPT codes or to do that because I. I kind of feel like that's, you know, kind of disclosing information that shouldn't be put in jot psych. So I kind of leave that alone.
Becca Bressler: Say more about that.
Dani Wise: What?
Becca Bressler: Sorry? What should not be in jot psych? That's disclosing information.
Dani Wise: Like, I just worry about patient confidentiality because I just don't want their diagnoses to be. Because, I mean, I'm the only one that uses my computer. But you just never know. You know, I don't want it to get into the wrong hands and then have, you know, a hipaa, you know, breach or anything like that, so.
Becca Bressler: Got it. So you're actually really concerned about there being too much patient information in jot psych? Does that come from a place of, like, okay, it's in advanced md, I don't want it in two places? Or is there something about jot psych specifically that feels less secure to you?
Dani Wise: I think it's just the overall, you know, I. I think that, you know, maybe it's just my own thing, you know, maybe. Maybe it's totally okay for other people, but I just. I think I just really want to make sure that that type of information is not readily available because nobody. Nobody else has access. Like I said, nobody has access to my records or nobody has access to my computer but me. But, I mean, you never know that. So that's kind of why I try to be very careful, because I just don't want it to get out, you know?
Becca Bressler: Yeah. Are you. So you. We had talked about this at the beginning. You had mentioned, like, you knew it would be an extra charge. Do you. Did you click on the button to investigate how much it was, or no, you were just like.
Dani Wise: Oh, I didn't.
Becca Bressler: You did not.
Dani Wise: Okay, I'm curious. Well, let me see real quick. I'm super curious now. Okay. Practice. Okay. Well, it doesn't say, though. So it just says active members and then permissions and stuff like that. So it doesn't. Oh, your subscription. Let's see. Monthly, Annual. Yeah. No, it doesn't say anything.
Becca Bressler: So if you go to the clinician page, so this is interesting, and you click the pencil icon, that's how you would add it, and that's where you would see the price for it on the clinician's page next to the clinician.
Dani Wise: Oh, 69. Yeah. I won't be able to do that. Now.
Becca Bressler: What's your sense? So there's like a few different things here. It sounds like if it were free, would could you envision yourself using it or. No. Because you're. Moving too quickly, like, you don't have time.
Dani Wise: I would take the time. I mean, if. And I know that sounds really cheapskate of me, but.
Dani Wise: No, not at all.
Dani Wise: I definitely would use it.
Becca Bressler: Yeah, well, so tell. But actually, I want to, like, dig into that a little bit more because initially you said that you didn't really investigate because you have such a quick turnaround time. You don't have the time to really investigate. But then also you're saying, you know, if it were free, maybe you would turn is. Tell me, just tell me a little bit about that. Like, help me understand that how those two things are true.
Dani Wise: I think it was just, you know, I still stand by what I said, but I do think that, you know, if. I think that's kind of part of why, you know, I kind of steered clear of it, because a lot of times, like, these apps and these websites are like, oh, you could do premium, but it's going to be like, this much. And it's like, listen, I cannot pay for that. Like, I'm an independent contractor, so, like, that's not feasible. You know what I mean? So, I mean, but if it was free, I mean, I would consider using it. I mean, it just depends.
Becca Bressler: So is the. Actually, maybe my takeaway from that is like, did you. What do you. What did you see? Because we're trying a couple different ways of like, presenting this to the user. Did you see a diamond icon next to the word audit? Or did you see. When you click into audit, did you see like a meter that said how many you had left? Does that question make sense?
Dani Wise: It did. It does. It did say a meter.
Becca Bressler: So you saw the meter.
Becca Bressler: Okay, so is. Is what you're saying, that you checked it out, you saw that it was metered, which means it's going to be something you have to pay for. And then we're like, nah, kind of like the. Like the awareness that that was going to make you. That that was going to be an additional charge to keep using was like, I don't even want to kind of invest in this. Okay. And the fact that you got 40 for free. Tell me a little bit about. Talk to me a little bit about why you wouldn't investigate it, knowing you have 40 for free.
Dani Wise: 40 for free.
Becca Bressler: So like 40 notes you have that audit thing for. So the.
Dani Wise: Okay, didn't know that.
Becca Bressler: So, yeah, so tell me about it. What did you think you were going to be paying? Or like. Interesting. Okay, how do I word this? So, so you open audit, you see this thing that says that that indicates it's going to be, like, metered. Right? You saw like, a line, basically, or like a.
Dani Wise: Like, I can't even describe it. Like, I try to pull it up and it won't even work. So, I mean, it's like. Like a certain number, I guess it would say, like directions and then it would have CPT code down at the bottom, but I didn't know it's 40, so that's interesting.
Becca Bressler: Got it. So you didn't. So you maybe thought. Oh, I'm only going to get a few of these, so I'm not going to investigate it. Is that kind of what you.
Becca Bressler: You thought you weren't going to get enough? Basically. Okay. Did you have any concept in your mind of like, how little you were going to have access to it, knowing it was dated?
Dani Wise: Could you describe that? Describe that a little bit. I have a few minutes left because I have a session at 8:30, but yeah.
Dani Wise: Yeah, you redescribe. Yeah, so.
Becca Bressler: So when I now tell you you have like 40 for free, does that, like make you interested in investigating it?
Dani Wise: I mean, it definitely would be a feature. You know, I definitely. If it was 40 and I knew that I definitely would investigate it more. Yeah. But I wasn't aware. And then I was just kind of like, oh, okay. You know, just kind of passing in. Then it's like, oh, unlock job edit. And I was like, oh, I guess that. I guess that's done.
Becca Bressler: Got it. So, yeah, that thing that you saw says 40, but it's probably really small in writing. So probably what I'm also hearing from you is like, maybe if you had realized that you could use it for 40 notes, you would have been more interested in exploring it. But like, your mental model was like, oh, this is going to go away pretty soon, so I'm not going to invest. Is that fair to say?
Dani Wise: Fair to say, yeah.
Becca Bressler: Okay. Because the question I was asking before is like, you know, you didn't see a number, you didn't know how much. But if you were to even estimate in your own mind, like how quickly you thought it would go away or how little access you had to it, like, is there a way for that? You could quantify that for me, where you're like, oh, I'm only gonna get this for a day. Or like, oh, I'm not gonna invest. Cause I'm only gonna see this for three notes. Like, did you have any sort of guess or interpretation of how limited that was going to be?
Dani Wise: No, not really. I just. I just. It just showed up one day and I was like, oh, that's interesting. But no, not necessarily. It was just kind of there, you know, I just was focusing on my notes more than anything. Got it.
Becca Bressler: So. Okay, Danny, thank you so much for your time. It's been super helpful. Send you over a gift card for. For giving me that 30. The 30 minutes. And yeah, have a great rest of your day. I really appreciate it.
Dani Wise: Thank you so much. Bye.
Becca Bressler: Bye. Nice meeting.