Adam Harrison: Hi, tammy. Hi. How are you doing?
Tammy Hulsey: Well, how are you doing?
Adam Harrison: I am doing well. How's your Friday?
Tammy Hulsey: It's good.
Adam Harrison: Good. And where are you based out of again?
Tammy Hulsey: I am located in Texas.
Adam Harrison: Texas. Nice. What part of texas are you?
Tammy Hulsey: South texas. The hotter part of south texas.
Adam Harrison: Oh, that's nice. I am in New York, and we have a bunch of snow here that is, like, hopefully melting soon, but I'm very jealous of you right now.
Tammy Hulsey: We're actually planning to relocate to Maine, where my son lives. And I'm looking forward to the snow.
Adam Harrison: Yes, that is definitely a big change.
Tammy Hulsey: Yes.
Adam Harrison: But that's exciting. Definitely. You'll get a snow if that's what you're looking for.
Tammy Hulsey: Yes, I'd rather have snow than the heat.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, that is true. In the summer can be challenging.
Tammy Hulsey: It is very. We have about 11 months of heat and maybe a month of cool weather.
Adam Harrison: Yes. I personally don't do well with the heat, so I guess that's why I live here. But everyone's different, right? Their own tolerance of things differently. But, yeah, I'm sorry for being a few minutes late. Let me go ahead and kind of jump into things just to try to make up a little bit for the time, but. But, yeah, thank you so much for, you know, applying to the role and for, like, making some time to. To chat with me today. This will be pretty inform. Kind of informal, just more of a get to know you kind of situation. You know? I'll start by just sharing a little context on who we are and kind of what we're doing. And I think the role right now is kind of loosely defined. And quite flexible in terms of how we scope it. So, you know, we can just have a pretty open conversation about, like, what you're looking for and what you're excited to be doing and kind of try to find a way to set this up in a way that makes sense. So that is. Yeah, that's kind of like what we'll. What we'll go through. Yeah, maybe I'll start. I'll just give a little bit of background, and then I'll turn it over to you from there. So to give some background on Job's psych. So jots. Like, if you're not familiar, we started out as an AI scribe, so an ambient medical scribe for behavioral health. So in particular. Psychiatry as kind of the main focus. So psychiatrists, psychiatric nurse practitioners, as well as, to a lesser extent, you know, therapists, psychologists, social workers, etc, and, you know, not sure how familiar you are with how, you know, an AI scribe works. Maybe. Yeah, I can explain if, if you're not, but a lot of people are. Now. So I never.
Tammy Hulsey: I actually went through your website as I was through the whole detail of the application to learn a little bit more. Because my question was the HIPAA compliant. I know that big question around AI and HIPAA compliant. And so I was very impressed with how you're protecting that personal health information and then how the information just deletes after the chart note is complete. And I've worked with enough providers to know that documentation some do really, really well. While others it takes some days. To. It's a really good product. And I didn't realize that until I started going through your system that you have got psych for the scribe. And then bill for billing part of it.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, that's correct. Yeah. So our website is a little bit out of date now. So a lot of the scribe stuff is on our website, but the billing stuff. You know, not really yet. So that is kind of new. Much newer. So. But, yeah, you're exactly right on all fronts. So we essentially started as a scribe, you know, so it writes the note for you. Now, what we're building is a system that essentially takes that note. You know, drafts a claim for you, and then we have a team of folks who, you know, review those claims, scrub the claims, submit the claims, manage the follow up. We also have built eligibility checks into the product intake forms to kind of collect patient insurance information. Patient payments as well as within the platform, so. So, yeah, it's all. It's pretty dramatically expanded from where we started just a few years ago. And you know what we are, the kind of current phase that we're in now is we are onboarding a number of early customers onto our, like, full service. Billing product. And we are kind of looking for a few, you know, kind of domain experts in that field to help us, like, design and execute against that. So I can get into more of the details of what that means. But that is like the, the high level overview as far as my role. I am, you know, really, you know, leading the charge on our kind of standing this whole thing up with pretty close involvement from, like, founders and, like, other folks on the team, but. But, yeah, that is, like, the context. And, you know, we're kind of looking for folks. Who, you know, have experience in the RCM world and in the world of behavioral health to. And there's, like, a lot of different areas where we, you know, may need support. So, yeah, I would love to just have kind of an open conversation about yourself, your background, and, you know, kind of can talk through what, like, a role like this might look like.
Tammy Hulsey: Okay, well, about me. I've been in the medical field and built for the more than 20 years revenue systems within focus on audit proof documentation and upstream denial prevention. And with the last eight years being within the behavioral health field, behavioral health is a very. It's. It's a high passion of mine.
Tammy Hulsey: Sometimes you just. You get in a field and it helps you thrive, I guess because you're helping so many. And I've led EHRMP implementations, built revenue cycle foundations from the ground up. You know, from verifying benefits or actually from the very first contact with the client, whether they were calling in to schedule an appointment and we build out the forms along with them, or if they would on the website and filled out the forms through the website and through the whole process, including setting up the payers. The different nuances of the payers modifiers Place of service. Diagnosis codes, of course, CPT codes. Just all the way to the end through payment, and then back around where payment comes back in electronically and posts electronically. And I would set up. Loops back where I could before all of the billing went out. I could see the provider, the insurance, the CPTs and the diagnosis being billed and the place of service. So all of that, and even the modifiers, all of that is really important to be able to view before the claim goes out. We built. Templates for the providers, especially for certain nuances like UnitedHealthcare. You basically every single note with UnitedHealthcare when you bill them, that medical necessity has to be out there and forward. And I've gone through audits with UnitedHealthcare, Aetna and a Medicaid plan very thorough. So I understand the different nuances for those types of pairs. Government pairs.
Tammy Hulsey: And then how they can change from one minute to the next. And then staying up to date with all the rules and changes and even state by state, there's different roles for some of these insurance companies and requirements that they have, especially with government plans, Medicaid and I'm not sure, does New York have a CHIP plan?
Adam Harrison: I'm not sure.
Tammy Hulsey: Okay. Are you familiar with. It's actually kind of a Where you don't qualify for Medicaid, but then you still don't make enough money for to be able to have one of the commercial plans. And it's mostly for pregnant women or children. So we have that here in Texas, and I think there's a few other states that do have GIP plans.
Adam Harrison: Gotcha. Okay? Interesting. And then I'm just pulling up your resume or your kind of application here. So you are currently at Empathy hq, is that correct?
Tammy Hulsey: I'm no longer there.
Adam Harrison: Oh, that was your. That was last?
Tammy Hulsey: Yes.
Adam Harrison: Can you just help me understand? Like, what is Empathy hq? Like, what was that organization? And it looked like there were 30 something therapists across six locations.
Tammy Hulsey: Is it like, at the high point? Yes.
Adam Harrison: Okay, so it's kind of a therapy, behavioral health organization.
Tammy Hulsey: Yes, Initially we were for profit when I first started, and then at the end of 1999, we became nonprofit. So I'm familiar also with the nonprofit space as well, for those providers who go into nonprofit. But there was a lot of changes. A lot of life happenings and we had change in CEO. The founder and CEO left at the beginning of last year. And we weren't in the best shape. Grant wise, nonprofit wise. And the CEO is the one who did all of that? Of course I. I was able to learn it. When she went, and she started actually three other businesses. Mostly that organization was therapists. Different types of therapists. We were trying to do what you're basically doing here, trying to get mental health care out to those. In areas that wouldn't necessarily be able to be reached.
Adam Harrison: Interesting. Yeah, totally agree. And then just in terms of, you know, you were director of Revenue Cycle Operations and credentialing, what is like, the scope of that role in terms of what you were responsible for?
Tammy Hulsey: Ok, well, I was responsible for creating team at the very beginning because we were in growth stage. And I created a team for billing, scheduling and credentialing. And so I had, at one point I had more than 20 full time employees and creating SOPs for each department. We, we had our handbooks created for each department, and we wanted to make it as anybody. Could come in, sit down, do the job. That's how we, you know, how we led our teams and how we trained them and toured. Then I eventually hired managers for each one of those departments. And so then all I had was the billing team to focus on. And we focused on patient cash, paid clients, and then insurance. We did not do the grant reporting that was separate from the insurance. So I handled all of the insurance, which that ar at the high point. Was over 2 million. At the high point for the agency. You know, working the claims. Making sure the benefits. Any referrals, you know, PCP referrals were done through the insurance company for hmos and they were on file so they would go across for the claims. I know our Texas Medicaid, all the Medicaid plans. Once you reach 30 visits, you have to request an authorization for additional visits. So if a client is seen twice a week or once a week, then, you know, it depends on how. How quickly they use up their visits. I was basically in charge of that. I took care of all of the authorizations, ensuring I took the escalation cases, I took the more complex denials while training. My team still, because I wanted them to have the knowledge also. And if there was anything that needed to be changed, such as the way that the therapist documented, you know, I would make sure all of that flow was done as well. And then, like I said, the payment posting, some of it was still manual payment posting. We had as much of it electronic as we possibly could. And there were just some peers that hadn't jumped on board yet. I think all of them are now, but at that time they weren't. And then, of course, we would set up where clients, if they needed to pay something, it was collected within 24 to 48 hours. Towards the end, I was trying to set it up, automate it to where they could pay beforehand, like you do if you walk into an office and they want to collect your copay ahead of time, so. And of course, I was on the leadership team. As operations management. I helped with the planning, the evolution of the agency.
Adam Harrison: Yeah. That's great to hear.
Adam Harrison: That sounds like you had no shortage of work to be done.
Tammy Hulsey: No, no, and I would always volunteer. For extra. As long as my work was still getting done and my teams was getting done, I would volunteer. I just have that urge to learn. I guess.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, yeah. That's great. One. Question I have is. What's maybe. Well, one. One question I have is, like, We skew a little bit more psychiatry heavy and medical heavy than like. I guess. Therapy heavy.
Adam Harrison: So I'm curious your thoughts on, like. Maybe the only difference there is, like, the note and the coding and everything else is actually, like, very similar. But I'm curious, like your. Your perspective on anything that may. Be like, what is maybe transferable across therapy and psychiatry and what is maybe like, you know, distinct or distinct or new or something that you would be like, learning more for the first time.
Tammy Hulsey: Okay, well, while I haven't had the actual hands on with psychiatry, I understand, like I said, the nuances for the different insurance companies. And with psychiatry or nurse practitioners, you are going to build the E M code which is going to evaluate the complexity of and then the face to face time spent with the client. But then you will also have an add on code depending on if you manage medication during the visit or you actually conducted therapy during that visit. And then that is time based. And although those add on codes are a little different from therapy, build time based therapy is time based coding. And, you know, we didn't do any procedures or anything like that. Now, with psychiatry, you're going to have a modifier 25 put on the E M code, which this is separately ident, you know, separate from this medication management or this therapy management, that intervention that you did during the visit. And so you have to make sure that your, your modifiers are on there correctly. The diagnosis code support the visit. It's going to be the same thing, but you, you have to make sure the ENM code is documented time based or the complexity of it. And then the therapy part of it has to be according to time base. As well.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, that totally makes sense. What about as far as the rest of the rcm? Lifecycle in terms of working, you know, why a claim might be denied or maybe working a response to that claim or. Maybe eligibility or other, you know what, what I guess are the other nuances in your mind that like, are worth calling out?
Tammy Hulsey: Some could be. And this is why God wills need to be put in place. Even though you have AI automation, it still needs to be looked after, basically. Those guardrails are put in place for one thing. Eligibility. If that's automated. There are denials where at the time that. The client or the patient's eligibility was checked before the visit or at the time of the visit, they were active. But then by the time the plane reaches the insurance company, they're no longer active. And so you can get denials. And there'll be things like cannot ID member. Or it'll be something in reference to the actual provider, which it doesn't have anything to do with the provider. It's because that member no longer has that plan or they switch to a different plan, same insurance, but different plan, or they're no longer employed through the employer sponsored plan, or they change plans altogether. Those are some of the denials. And then some could be on authorizations. If the authorization number is not put on that claim. Then the claim will deny because there's no authorization on file. Also, this was when it became more pronounced for people to identify as another sex or binary other than what they were actually born as. You want to be able to acknowledge those clients, patients correctly, you know, to honor them. But in billing the insurance company, they have to go by the sex that you were born at or what you were actually physically known as, unless you went through the whole transformation. So if a female identifies as a male, you have to make sure you have that female on there. One of the good things that they added in, say. The female identified as male and wanted to go buy another name. Well, you can't bill that to the insurance company. The other name you have to give them their first name. That was put. And if that is incorrect, that information goes across on the claim incorrectly, those will deny. It could be ICD10 codes, ones that are no longer billable, was billed on the claim. And so you have to keep up with those changes. Constant and every. Every year, there's changes. Throughout the year, there's changes. And then per state.
Tammy Hulsey: If there's different nuances per state than just like, Blue Cross, Blue Shield is one. Blue Cross Bushild of Texas is like your state plan because you're located in Texas or New York. So say you lived in Texas, but you had Blue Cross Blue Shield of New York. You have to bill your state plan first, and then Blue Cross Blue Shield will route it. To the plan that it goes to. So they'll route it to Blue Cross, Blue Shoe of New York. Medicaid. If someone lived in Oklahoma and decided to move to Texas. That Medicaid is not transferable. They will have to. And we've had these scenarios. I've had these scenarios before. They have to reapply for the state that they're currently living in. Just and then sometimes Medicaid, the TPI and NPI don't match or the credentialing is not all set up within the insurance company and chose your providers inactive.
Adam Harrison: But lots of reasons.
Tammy Hulsey: Lots of reasons.
Adam Harrison: Cool. One last question I guess would be. I'm just reading this bullet on your resume about, you know, reducing days in AR from 45 to 14. That's obviously, like, really a great, you know, improvement. So I'm curious. What. What was like the one or two main changes that you made that drove that.
Tammy Hulsey: The main changes is actually there are quite a few denials that can happen during patient setup. Same misspelling date of birth sex. ID number, especially when the client is the one putting in the insurance information. And that's why if you had that automated, it would be good to have them take a picture and upload it so then AI can read it, if that's possible, because. Clients when they're not actually talking to a person and you're getting that information, they may not understand what the member ID is or just the id, or just the parts of it that you need for that particular insurance. So those are upstream denials that can cause downstream denials later on. So that is the part that we had perfected and which no longer caused those downstream denials, which in turn. We submitted claims and we received payment within 14 days. And I've even had instances, especially with Blue Cross, where I submitted the claim that morning and we received payment that afternoon.
Adam Harrison: Wow.
Tammy Hulsey: So. And then ensuring that the templates are set up for the providers to make sure all bases are covered. Time, place of service, modifiers, client's name, where they're located, if it's telehealth, Cpt. Icd. Icd. 10 codes are all set up.
Adam Harrison: Yep. Makes sense. Yeah. So much happens in the, you know, eligibility and intake. That is definitely a source of a lot of issues later on if those aren't all done well. Well, great. I know we're kind of at time here for now. Do you have, like, one or two minutes to stay over, or do you have another call you got to run to?
Tammy Hulsey: No, I'm fine. Ok, great.
Adam Harrison: I just wanted to kind of talk about a few kind of logistical things. So in terms of we're right now in kind of a. We're a little bit more in an exploratory phase. You know, we're kind of trying to figure out what the right, like, model could be for how we, you know, work with different people. So. So what that means is we're also pretty flexible in how we could, like, set up some kind of arrangement. So I'd be curious, you know, to know in, like, your ideal state. Like, what, do you have a preference for, like, how many hours you would want to be working and. Yeah, that's probably, like, first. First question.
Tammy Hulsey: I mean, the. According to. And I understand you. You said flexibility. I can mark as many as 40 hours per week. Or as little as 20 hours per week the company needs. If I need to work more, I can work more. I prefer to work 40 hours per week. But if the work is not there at this point until, you know, it scales a little bit more, I can understand that. But what excites me about this role, I think, in systems and not tasks. And so AI is just another evolution of. It's the evolving of rcm. So that, you know, but like I said, you still have to build guardrails and kind of tend it kind of like a toddler, you know, and keep teaching it and feeding it information. I'm good in that, you know, and with more than 20 years in my background, I'm very flexible. I love what I do. And I know how to prevent burnout because I've been in burnout. Through.
Tammy Hulsey: You know, the billing and the RCM management. And I help my team prevent that burnout.
Adam Harrison: Also. Very cool. Very cool. Yeah, we are probably. So that totally makes sense. On our side, we are still getting ourselves, like, organized a little bit, so it may be something that starts at more of a smaller hourly number and maybe ramps up over time. Is probably our, like, default, but. But, yeah, Certainly good to know that you are, like, your preferences for 40 hours, and we can try to, like, work towards that over time. So that's helpful to know. The other thing I wanted to ask is just sort of like, if there is a compensation range that you are sort of targeting for, like, for your. For yourself. And again, we're kind of like, calibrating a little bit, so. But, yeah, helpful to know just if there's a rough range that you are already. Like, kind of anchored on.
Tammy Hulsey: I mean, it actually depends on the scope and the hours and like you said, the role, which I am very interested in. I'm a continuous lifelong learner.
Tammy Hulsey: I love to learn new things. According to in being that if this is contract and then later on, if it goes into, you know, a full time employee type role, I was kind of looking at the market. Between maybe 95 or 90 and 115 an hour.
Tammy Hulsey: You know, it's going to be something like 20 hours a week, and then, you know, maybe discussing a little bit more, if it goes into more hours.
Adam Harrison: Yeah.
Tammy Hulsey: Yeah.
Adam Harrison: Okay. That's super helpful. Yeah, I think that all is very, you know, makes sense and this is helpful. And yeah, agree with, agree with you on all that. So. But, yeah, that sounds great. I think, you know, I definitely think you bring a lot of really relevant experience having, you know, because we are really looking for people who are system thinkers and people who, you know, are not just siloed into one part of rcm, but really know how the whole thing fits together. Because like you said, if you have an issue at eligibility or credentialing. You know, that's going to cause these denials later. So. So, yeah, I think, you know, we probably just to be transparent, need a little time on our end to get kind of organized and figure out more, like, what would be the right arrangement and. But, you know, I definitely think you're a great fit and. Would love to, like, come back to you at some point here with an update.
Tammy Hulsey: Okay, well, that's great. I'm excited for the opportunity, and I really enjoyed our conversation and learning more about your company, and I would love the opportunity to help you scale. And, you know, it gives me the opportunity to also grow. And that you know I love to grow. That's just me. I really do appreciate it, and I look forward to hearing back from you. Like I said, you know, I am flexible, even with the. The salary and hours. You know, I'm more than willing to discuss that and how you want to play that out, even if it changes, you know, as you go along. Because I understand with growth there's change.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, no, that sounds great. Appreciate the. The flexibility and understanding. There. Yeah, I think from our side, it's more of a standpoint of we're trying to figure out, like, what we need and when the right time is to bring on someone. So we'll probably just kind of babystep our way into it from an hour standpoint, but. But, yeah, we can. Definitely, like, circle back on that shortly.
Tammy Hulsey: Okay. All right.
Adam Harrison: Thank you, Tammy.
Tammy Hulsey: Thank you. You have a good weekend, all right, you, too.
Adam Harrison: Take care. Bye.
Tammy Hulsey: You, too.
Adam Harrison: Bye.
Tammy Hulsey: Bye.