Jackson Bierfeldt: Hello. Good morning. I'm all right. So have you done one of these calls before?
Emily Kaiser: No not the reveal but I was on the listening in more so the original call with Monica? Or I guess the interview call.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah wait sir what do you mean by reveal?
Emily Kaiser: Like today we're showing her her website.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Oh sorry I missed I thought this was just a do you have do you have the website yeah okay
Emily Kaiser: good on my screen and kind of walk through that and then if I could kind of hand it over for job Bill
Jackson Bierfeldt: to you yes that sounds great okay sorry for not coming in as I think you were trying to figure out this whole transition and we're trying to systematize it so. Didn't go perfectly so okay so we'll start you'll do the the website we'll collect feedback on that then I'll transition over to like Jotville and just tactically getting getting the stuff from
Emily Kaiser: her sounds great getting her rolling essentially.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Thank you.
Emily Kaiser: Headphones here. Any fun weekend plans it is Friday.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Oh no I'm going roller skating tomorrow yeah actually Emily I'm sorry the the audio got really bad if it's connected to those headphones or something but sounds tinny and far away okay let me see. You have Monica's phone number or okay would you mind just giving her a ping?
Emily Kaiser: Yeah send her a text message. No answer so I'm going to send her a text.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Sounds good thank you.
Emily Kaiser: So I know it's been a couple minutes I can let you know if I hear back from her if she jumps on.
Jackson Bierfeldt: I'll just I'll just hang out here I'll just turn off video and get to some other stuff but when she jumps
Emily Kaiser: on she did say she's about to log on.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Okay great I'll just hang out here then okay.
Monica Dyer: Hi Monica oh good morning hi how are you hello. I just had the terror of waking up at 10:03 and a 9 o'clock appointment I had to that patient quickly
Emily Kaiser: oh man you've had a morning
Monica Dyer: yes and so I haven't had any water or anything like that so do you mind if I take about five can we start at like 10 15?
Jackson Bierfeldt: That's I was going to say the same thing I'm like Monica take your time go get settled for a
Monica Dyer: second and I'm sending Alex the invite as well she. Okay I'll be back in five minutes thank you.
Emily Kaiser: Okay and how about now.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Is that better yeah. It's it's a little tinny but it is workable. I mean I can understand you but it's kind of bad.
Emily Kaiser: Okay I wonder what's going on. I think it's my input that's not working because I can hear you okay.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah what input are you using what is good what does Google meet say
Emily Kaiser: airpods just like was messing with my settings trying to get the airpods to appear and it did sound like it's still bad.
Jackson Bierfeldt: I don't know the I think it's just the mic on there is not working well. I'm sorry.
Emily Kaiser: No that's okay.
Jackson Bierfeldt: I mean you could wear them and have the audio go to them and then have the input come from your laptop that might be the thing you want to do.
Emily Kaiser: We're in a co-working space today but the other side of this space is daycare. Catching any crying or screaming. I don't have anybody hostage over here.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Are your kids there?
Emily Kaiser: My daughter.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Okay great hi Monica hi Monica.
Monica Dyer: That was a fun part to come into catching and trying yes
Jackson Bierfeldt: great and Monica we we have Alex in the waiting room should we should we add them in?
Monica Dyer: Yeah that'd be great. I'm doing my hair in the mirror.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Did did you have an alarm not go off today?
Monica Dyer: My phone died I was up crazy late working on charts and then. Like shot up and I was like no it's fast. It's best 10 o'clock.
Jackson Bierfeldt: No problem all done there it's super nice to meet you I don't think we've we've met before so great to have you on the line and we're super excited to be bringing you into the into the job Bill family and get you started on on the path there and then Alex it's it's nice to meet you as well I don't think we've met either.
Alexandra Mae Granada: Nice to meet you as well good morning good morning hi I'm Emily.
Emily Kaiser: Hi Emily good morning and just so we could get a better understanding Alex how do you come into Monica's business you guys work together.
Alexandra Mae Granada: Oh I come in as a support for her.
Emily Kaiser: Okay great. Okay cool. So we'll start I can show you Monica your website. Go ahead and share my screen. Okay can you see this okay?
Emily Kaiser: Yeah awesome okay great so. As you can see I mean please give us any feedback if you see anything that you would like to change or anything like that we're very excited about this but of course let us know kind of your thoughts on it we can kind of navigate from there. But as you see you kind of enter the website and looking at it from a client perspective your client is able to kind of have a clean approach on just who you are as a care provider but also have the access to just hop right in and book an appointment or reach out to you. As well as some needed information as far as insurance information and all things like that down here and as you scroll down they'll kind of see your why a little bit of your story and kind of what brought you to clinical care. And then if you scroll down even further you will see services offered. In your practice. Kind of scroll through this. And then a little bit more about your approach. To some information that we took from that interview with Nate. As well as information with insurance and fees and just basic information on getting started. A little bit of pricing and a breakdown of how it works. Just to give patients in general sense of the first couple steps of what working with you would look like. And then here you're able to jump to book your first appointment. And if you scroll down you'll see they have different dates that you can select from and it will kind of prompt your clients. A series of questions from there.
Monica Dyer: Okay.
Emily Kaiser: So what are your initial thoughts?
Monica Dyer: Was this using like the options that I selected a or B.
Emily Kaiser: I believe so yes.
Monica Dyer: I'm not sure if it got in in time because I feel like. Some of I know I was kind of picking best of both worlds on some but I feel like the one that I selected like for what I offer it was the between that list and like the ones with the emojis that were kind of more visual. And some I was just questioning maybe I didn't get that into you guys in time.
Emily Kaiser: Okay well no problem at all I'm not super familiar with the sheet that you filled out with Nate so if you could actually tell me what specifically you would kind of want to see changed or what you're not loving on here I can kind of take some notes and bring that back to our team.
Monica Dyer: Do you have access to that? It was like 10 different things and I picked a or B a or B and thought long and hard about each one okay I have a link to it I think it'll be my email. I think that would visually communicate so much faster than I could tell you
Emily Kaiser: is why I see okay so I don't think I personally have access to that sheet let me see if we can find it.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah Monica I know that we we sent that to you and we will definitely make sure that whatever feedback you gave on it gets put into the into the next version of this so if there's some things where you chose something in particular and it's not being represented here we can just take another go at it and get you another link where you can take a look at this. But as far as like the general functionality and structure does it seem like what you were expecting and you're just kind of like have a couple like visual things that you'd like to have changed?
Monica Dyer: Yeah yeah I did I do like the you know the bar across the top where people can access all the info easily services approach insurance and now I don't know if I want to keep the 15 minute consultation I don't know if I have time for that anymore. That was on I think that's on. Psychology today I believe or headway but yeah. It looks like it does what it needs to do we still have some reservations about the calendar so they can't see. Like our headway appointments aren't transferring to Jot site calendar automatically and so this availability isn't going to be real time updated like if they pick a time like after they click one of these would it go to picking time slots?
Emily Kaiser: That is a good question right click here yes so. If we were to click into April 8 you would see a few different options for time slots and then you yes whatever is available on your calendar
Monica Dyer: so things change so quickly in headway I would hate to rely on this and people think they're signing up and we have to say oh I'm sorry I'm actually not so until I think we can have those like integrated I would be worried to go live with that part.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Okay. Okay would you be more comfortable with like just a wait list model something where they can say like hey put me on the list and then you can figure out when you want to slot them in or would you rather just remove the calendar entirely?
Monica Dyer: I'd rather them sign up for their own time but I don't know how yet to. I mean it's going to maybe be like the. I don't know first. Couple of weeks so well no it's going to take longer than that because I'm only going to be let's see. We're just going to need to be transitioning people over little by little we're still beta testing the video art and worked well last night the first time. So yeah I guess it kind of depends on the timing of this and maybe how soon they can fix the calendar being able to you know like you can immigrate your calendars pretty easily like Google Calendar the link and stuff if if they could sort that part out that would. That would make everything. You know doable for whenever we went. Live with it.
Emily Kaiser: I'm wondering just kind of as we're making this transition would it be possible to kind of maybe focus the headway calendar on a portion of the day and then this calendar on a portion of the day just so to avoid overlap.
Monica Dyer: Technically but not. Feasibly we already have people booked. Like all times right okay I mean I guess like we could block. An hour or so just for this but then I would. If I yeah. We'd still have to be back and forth kind of like trying to block this one manually. I just think there's too much room for error there and that's going to. Be a lot of. Back and forth and. I'm still like 15 to something notes deep trying to think instead of struggling with that part so yeah need to I need all the time possible
Emily Kaiser: sure okay that's good feedback we can kind of go back and see what we can do with the calendar.
Monica Dyer: I mean I love the setup I love that people can just sign up for for their time spot so I would want to keep it just like that without the 15 minute and then I mean the initial session that could be a little bit confusing if they're going to use insurance. Okay we don't always get copays very well and so initial session maybe the cost of your insurance copay I don't know if maybe having the. The private pay rates. Kind of off the the main page
Emily Kaiser: would be good okay so just no pricing right here yeah.
Monica Dyer: And yeah it's also like a sliding scale too and I'm starting to hear that I need to push it higher from some people okay that was yeah my starting.
Emily Kaiser: Initial like private pay rate okay I think it would be good to just kind of put more of a general session with no pricing right here and then as you kind of dive deeper in with the client we can figure out pricing as you go.
Monica Dyer: Make sense yeah.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Monica am I correct in that you don't want the 15 minute consultation on there so you just want this to be like a book an initial session.
Monica Dyer: Yeah I think so. Again. Yeah it would be hard to fit those in with my calendar as it is now. Yeah. And I mean I guess that could still be an option.
Jackson Bierfeldt: We can always change in the future you don't have to you know we're just want to know what do you want the first version of this to be and if you know a month from now you're like hey I hired 10 more people and we want the 15 minute session we can always put it back.
Monica Dyer: Okay. Yeah I think taking that that down and then the number oh wait that's my fax number.
Monica Dyer: Wait no it's okay. Oh that's a that's like a mass number that appears on. Psychology today.
Emily Kaiser: So do you want a different number on here or what is the best approach.
Monica Dyer: I'm still dead over here. Okay. A number is. 737 I always have to double check I think it's 3350773. Alexandra saying yes thanks. Yeah. And then the beauty of that number is that people can also text if they prefer okay the caller text that. It's actually probably easier for us if they do yeah so whatever they prefer is fine okay perfect.
Emily Kaiser: And then anything else that you are seeing that again like Jackson said we'll do kind of a first round of adjustments.
Monica Dyer: So I want to double check like once the. You look at this elections back and forth just the some of the language of. I don't know I guess I was speaking very informally to everyone and I like that it's really approachable but then some of it I guess I want it to sound. I don't know towards the professional versus informal
Jackson Bierfeldt: we'll just take that dial and spin it a little towards the professional and yeah we can we can do that pretty easily.
Monica Dyer: And yeah but I. Like you know. I don't know if half of healing is being heard but you know something about like how. I yeah half seems like a very specific number and I'm too literal to have may not be but you know a good
Jackson Bierfeldt: you want us to change it to 37% of healing yeah no we can we can make that that adjustment it sounds a little vague like home is where the heart is you know.
Monica Dyer: Yeah I think I mean I love that you know maybe yeah being being heard is I don't know I can if I can play with some of the language then I'd be happy with that too later
Jackson Bierfeldt: yeah if you want to you know we'll get you the link to this and if you want to you know send us a specific text change that you want we're super happy to to make that but we'll also you know adjust it a little bit yeah and the nice thing about this something I always love to point out is you know having these this different language that focuses on what you offer and the modality in your approach it's great because you know when someone reads it they can pick up on all of that but also you know in this world where AI is kind of replacing you know ChatGPT is replacing Google search it's like especially important for your website to have this stuff in it so that if someone in your area is on you know chat GPT or whatever and they're like I want to see someone that cares about this and like has this approach it'll be able to recommend you so I just want to like have have that in mind where actually like sometimes it's like wait do I really need to say all this and it's actually really beneficial for coming up in the search and ChatGPT algorithms.
Monica Dyer: Okay that's awesome to know yeah. I love like most of the language. I'm having a hard time with my own bio like I'm like wait why are we talking about Haiti and my husband's like that's like we you know that's something about you and I'm like okay I don't know
Jackson Bierfeldt: so honestly it's one of those things where it's like you should just have your husband look at it you know like it's it's so hard to do your own obviously it's your website your business you want to look at it but it's so hard to like look at your own bio and be like wait let's strange
Monica Dyer: so definitely so yeah okay this is different than I read on the other one too. Because I love school. I love that. I didn't say that but thank you. AI or if it was you guys. Cool yeah. I think. My own recovery and seeing people in their recovering in Haiti and learning. The ways to kind of push through. And find yeah be able to find the beauty in the difficult places still.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah how about how about this how about we you know transition over I think we have like the general sense on this we know we're going to give you another turn on it that it reflects some of your other feedback better and then once you have that you can like really take your time and wordsmith it and tell us like what you'd like changed there and then we can make all of those individual changes but since this is probably going to change a little bit anyway I think we probably don't need to like go through and do line by line at the moment. But right now if you have any other like broad general things where you're like I don't want to quote on there or you know it's too much I just want bullet points you know something super broad like that we should collect that now but like wordsmithing will do at another turn.
Monica Dyer: Okay. No I think. Yeah. A way to. That I like when I see someone to check and see if they accept my insurance is awesome so like if there's any kind of. I mean if it's through headway they can see like do their insurance verification. For free and just see if they are able to yeah be covered by what I accept because. I can see the Blue Cross Blue Shield of like all these different states and so Texas is there but it's so complicated I'm sure I'll have some idea but yeah there's so many sub plans and everything and I don't want people to think that oh it says Texas so she can't see me so if there's some way they could just put in like the numbers. And be able to figure that out that would be genius okay
Jackson Bierfeldt: yeah we're definitely working on that don't worry we know that that's like a super common thing we eventually want to be able to make it so the patient could log on and just buy the you know look of their face and their eyeball were able to you know exactly which insurance works but you know baby steps. Typing in the numbers the first one.
Monica Dyer: Yeah. Our skin in the card yes okay well
Jackson Bierfeldt: Emily thank you so much for that should we move over to Jot Bill stuff and just talk about what we need to collect and what we need you to start doing in order to get that process rolling.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yes awesome so I saw that you signed our MSA agreement and then you're opting into the 6% program so we're happy to get that set up the questions that I wanted to go through with you and Alexandra right now are mostly related to credentialing and understanding exactly who you're independently credentialed with now and who you want to become independently credentialed with in the near future.
Monica Dyer: Okay I have one and credentialed with Cigna already and there's 16 other payers they're working on. Let me find the list for you.
Jackson Bierfeldt: And Cigna is is done and approved right now right right.
Monica Dyer: Just got that info last week.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Oh that's exciting hey that's actually something to celebrate congratulations it's always fun I mean we love when people you know start on the headway thing and then they're getting off and they're like I want to own my own destiny and it's just so it's fun to have that first one and be like all right we're doing it.
Monica Dyer: Yeah definitely I can view from any country now and see them yeah. I haven't seen the rates yet so I'm like excited but also like okay. Credentialing for Monica. Trying to keep it all on one thing. Okay good on swing report. I have two patients that have Cigna so I could start seeing their psych Excellent. Here. S the list. In the chat.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Okay great so these are all of the pairs that you will be credentialed with and you're using a separate credentialing service that's already underway yes great.
Monica Dyer: They're all yeah in processor pending and then Cigna is approved ever North Cigna.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Okay great. Okay super so we will be able to start with Cigna patients and jot psych right away and I think that's our goal is to just get that up and running as soon as possible. So to do that we're going to need to get you set up with our clearing house we're going to need to make sure that we have all of your information that I'm sure you already packaged up recently and sent to your credential is your NPI is your tax numbers all of that. And then we'll need to get the process started on enrolling in the EDI with Cigna so that they start sending the remittances to JotSec and we should probably be able to get that set up you know by by today or early next week you know out the door and started and then that usually takes you know as early as a week and maybe as long as three weeks to come back from them. That's as I'm sure you're well aware, you know the payers are kind of a black box sometimes and we sent something to them and we're like, all right, please get back to us soon so but that's why we want to just get everything started as soon as possible so that we can we can make sure and I will double check some payers allow you to start submitting claims now you know before they have the remittances all set up and some of them require you to have the remittance set up first so we'll check on that but if Signal allows us to start submitting the claims then you could be submitting your claims as soon as today to Cigna through job psych. Okay but we'll we'll check on all of that. So we'll go through all of that the one question is how do you want to receive the actual like electronic funded transfers from Signet? You already have a bank account set up elsewhere or do you want us to help you set one up?
Monica Dyer: I have one through found okay great bank it's a virtual account.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah okay great but is that the same one that you've been using with headway that they've been transferring money to or did you set it up specifically for this?
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah all for business things okay great I don't think we've worked with found yet but it's a bank we can work with them so that'll be something else that we'll just look into a little bit on what we need you to fill out and how we need to set up the paperwork there
Monica Dyer: okay setup was like stripe and that
Jackson Bierfeldt: so yeah great so I just sent you an email that I want to make sure that we just do the first part of this which is getting you set up with an account on our clearing house I just want to do that on the call right now because it takes about 20 minutes for them to provision everything and then once that's done we can really get set up and and moving so I want to just do that right now. Would you mind sharing your screen once you get that email so that we can all kind of go through that together?
Monica Dyer: Sure create study account that's it yeah.
Jackson Bierfeldt: I've also attached to that email up PDF guide to all of the things that we're going to need to collect from you and the steps it's everything I just said just written down in the PDF and Alexandra I don't have would you mind putting your email address in the chat and I'll make sure you have that as well. I'm sorry. Left you off the first email. Won't do it again.
Monica Dyer: I keep running into this thing on Chrome where it won't let me. Share another screen it only wants me to share a tab in the same window and it tells me to go to settings.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah you're on a you're on a Mac yeah yeah yeah you have to allow screen sharing one time and then it gets a little more permissive.
Monica Dyer: I mean I keep doing this and it keeps sending me to the. Screen and system audio audio recording wait this is oh allow screen recording for Chrome and system settings. You'll then need to restart Chrome nevermind okay let me
Jackson Bierfeldt: you can just share the one tab for now.
Monica Dyer: If it does let you it's on Firefox right now so I'm going to switch over Chrome is because of Jots like. So we got everything else split up then. Okay email. Link. Cool. To sharing Chrome tab. Okay.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Great and this is what I like to call a test to make sure that you know your first and last name well the.
Monica Dyer: AI of jot sick was also testing me on that recently I think we fixed it yesterday. I was like I have to type my own name every time. Okay. Choose one. Okay.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Great and once we get this set up you should really never need to log into steady you can if you need to but we do all of that in in Job Psych so just to let you know you don't need to learn this interface really oh okay.
Monica Dyer: Awesome.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Ready for yet another platform like here we go that's why I always say that because I'm like don't be scared
Monica Dyer: it doesn't even hurt me more it's fine
Jackson Bierfeldt: so let's put in the legal name of your company and you'll just pick the the basic plan we'll cover all of those costs.
Monica Dyer: Okay. I will use. I think I need to know what I have on found. I have I registered agent address in my office address I think yes.
Jackson Bierfeldt: This is all the fun of being a business owner now.
Monica Dyer: Yeah. Personal address on there. Business information okay I did put my business. 78731. Totally read. All of. It. Continue. D an abbreviation earlier that I wanted to ask you is like EDI.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yes. Embarrassingly I cannot tell you what electronics hold on let me see
Monica Dyer: oh and that's why they still study like that maybe whatever it is.
Jackson Bierfeldt: What does ED electronic data interchange? Which tells you basically no other information it's it's just like how okay we communicate with the clearing house and how the clearinghouse communicates with the different payers okay cool it's some like obscure system developed by the military in 1978 that you know relies on putting files and having pigeons fly around or something. But luckily we don't have to work with it. That's why we use steady and why clearing houses exists they handle all that because I think we support 3500 different payers through our system and every one of them has their own little thing that they do and steady just kind of sits in the middle and says we will, you know, handle it for you.
Monica Dyer: Okay awesome.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Great so this is the step that we just wanted to get going. So I think you can stop sharing now this will just take a couple of minutes. And we should be able to access your steady account on your behalf from our admin side once that's done. So I think you're done and we'll never need to think about steady ever again from this point. If not there might be one more step we'll get in touch with you and let you know but it'll be it'll be pretty simple.
Jackson Bierfeldt: So from there the next step is getting access to your current EHR or practice management system if there's stuff that you want us to move over into Job Psych. Is that something you wanted to do? Or are you kind of doing a fresh start?
Monica Dyer: Most of my. Most of my charts are I have a few like I tried out charm and simple practice for a couple different things. But yeah, most of my charts are in dots.
Monica Dyer: Like they're maybe like if I have. A few stragglers is there some good way to put them in?
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah, I mean if you just you know get them into a CSV file of some kind you know a spreadsheet that's like patient name insurance information address phone number if you get that you know there's a way to just put that in directly through Jobspyk and if you don't want to do it that way you can send it to us and we can help you with it.
Monica Dyer: But all that have insurance are in
Jackson Bierfeldt: there okay great yeah, I mean that's mostly what this step is for is you know sometimes we onboard a clinic where they have 2000 patients with all their insurance information and they need that brought over if you've already done most of that or you're starting with a smaller number it sounds like we can leave that step to the side for now. Uncover a treasure trove of patients insurance information and some other software let us know and we'll help you bring it over.
Monica Dyer: Okay yeah Hideway would not let us export
Jackson Bierfeldt: so yeah which yeah that's one of the one of the frustrations there that we understand okay great so then in order to you know once we get the steady account set up we'll want to start the process of getting the EDI connection to Cigna. I will be sending you more information about that once once we're ready they have a nice little package being like hey you need to log into this portal you have to type this information in but just so that we have it as well. The packet of information that you put together and sent to your credentialers you know that includes your rendering NPI number your business's NPI you know all of that your tax identification number how is the best way for you to make sure that we have access to that too so that we can you know smooth things over for you.
Monica Dyer: I mean there's the. I have them in emails like already attached I could just forward
Jackson Bierfeldt: yeah, that would that would be a great way to do it.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Okay yeah we also if you have it like in a convenient zip file or something we can take that in too.
Monica Dyer: I'm looking at the PDF you sent. Where's the list of. What you need? Okay is there a list of like what exactly. Is needed?
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yes there's a worksheet that I. Did not attach to the. Email apologies. Let me send that right now.
Monica Dyer: Test to see if I'm actually awake today.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yes and I've got Alexandra on this now too
Monica Dyer: okay and do and who do I send it to to you
Jackson Bierfeldt: Jackson that's fine you can just send it to me and Emily and we'll make sure everything gets into the into the right place okay but there's there's no surprises on here it's you know what's your license number what's your you know primary contact what's the exact billing address of you know where you're registered as your you know service facility these these things and just so I understand that Monica what what is your your setup you just have one facility right that you're working out of.
Monica Dyer: Yeah I work from home and then I have to rent space in an office which is an hour a week that I signed up for I can sign up for if I want to go there in person
Jackson Bierfeldt: for deep and that's probably the address that we want to list as your service facility right
Monica Dyer: yeah that's my service facility and then the business is registered elsewhere in Austin.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Okay great but yeah just so just as long as all that information gets in there so that we can register it all with the clearinghouse so that that goes correctly out on all of your claims. Okay.
Monica Dyer: Well then it might be my business address right.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Like the yes it really depends on how you credentialed it with that payer so since you're already credentialed with Cigna it would be great if you could send us their you know contract that they gave you so that we can just double check and make sure that you know it corresponds.
Monica Dyer: A good point I'm not actually seeing that I do that's what I'm from the to-do list to find
Jackson Bierfeldt: okay yeah that's the fun thing about this and just as a general note I mean whenever you get you know of these 15 other pairs whenever they go official with you if you can send us that contract it just makes it easier for us to take that in and make sure that we know your specific fee schedule your specific you know rules with them and then the addresses and NPI numbers.
Monica Dyer: Okay.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Sounds good it's good that you're doing this all at once because sometimes we work with people who like credentialed with two of them a year ago and our credentialing now and they actually put they swapped the addresses with different ones and it's like oh yeah.
Monica Dyer: For sure I found a really good deal on credentialing so I went for it.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Great.
Monica Dyer: Okay. Contracts not popping up I need to it's I think the company hasn't sent it to me.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Okay well whenever you get that we'll probably need that in order to actually initiate your connection to Cigna. So hopefully you'll get that in you know this weekend and we can you know get all that information going for next week so I do need to run in three minutes here but just to talk about next steps so we've got your study account going and that's the main thing that enables us to start you know setting everything up on our side it sounds like we're going to be ready to go with Cigna very shortly we'll just wait on getting that contract and confirmation from you do you know when they told you that you'll be receiving your fee schedule and your rates.
Monica Dyer: No I would think it was approved there must like I didn't sign anything it was just sort of like automatic through the curriculum they sent me a report and I was like oh it's approved so that's all I know so far I'm going to call them okay great
Jackson Bierfeldt: yeah if you could just follow up with them because this won't surprise you but to send out the claim we got to know how much we're charging for yes so once once we have that information which will probably all come together in the form of the contract and the provider's manual once you get those send them to us we should have everything we need to set you up with Cigna and then I will let you know if you're able to start submitting claims right away or if we have to wait you know two weeks in order for them to be ready to receive them but in the meantime you should just start you know especially with those Cigna patients and Jot psych just make sure that you're signing the note. I don't know if that's something that you're already doing or if that's a new workflow in Jot psych for you, but we can't submit the claim until you've signed to the note so if your sign goes Cigna notes then we'll be all ready to submit them you know all at one time once everything is is ready to go.
Monica Dyer: Yeah. Definitely trying to sign notes that's been that's been part of the struggle but I think we're getting better.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah. Okay great well we're super excited hopefully you have everything that you you need we'll send you just a little reminder after this on you know who who owes what and then we'll go from there and get everything flowing for you.
Monica Dyer: Okay sounds good yes the study account was approved okay excellent all right well thank you so much Monica thank you Alexandra and we'll talk soon and I appreciate it version two.