Nathan Peereboom: Yep, I can hear you. Hey, how are you?
Thea Chukwudi: I'm doing well. Good morning.
Nathan Peereboom: Good morning. Good morning.
Thea Chukwudi: Sorry, I'm running late.
Nathan Peereboom: No, you're totally, totally okay. How was your weekend?
Thea Chukwudi: Well, thank you. And yours?
Nathan Peereboom: It was good. It was really good. It's you by Thea or Theodora.
Thea Chukwudi: It doesn't matter. Thea. Theo. Theodora.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay. Awesome. Well, hey, Theodora. Thank you so much for jumping on. My name is Nate. I'm the CEO and co founder of Jot Psych, and I'm excited to talk to you today about billing. One thing I always like to begin with is I would love to understand just you and your practice and the world you live in. And then I'd like to tell you about our billing program. And if. If it makes sense for you, if it's something that would be helpful, we'd love to get you started with it. But even if this is just a learning call, that's totally fine, too. So let me start out. Tell me about your world. Who do you see? What kind of patients do you work with? Where in the country do you live, and what's your current billing setup?
Thea Chukwudi: Excellent. So I work in Michigan. My license is currently in Michigan only. And I'm virtual provider, private practice.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay.
Thea Chukwudi: And I see pretty much, you know, mental health patients. Anxiety, depression, adhd, all that. And no kids? Just one. I just have one or two kids on my roster, and I prefer to keep it that way. And that's about it. Adults.
Nathan Peereboom: That's awesome. How long have you been a nurse practitioner?
Thea Chukwudi: Oh, wow. Nurse practitioner. I'm an FNP. That was in 2015, I believe, or 2016.
Thea Chukwudi: Okay, then psych. During COVID Gotcha.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay. And do you work with other folks? Are you kind of, you know, you have your own practice? Like, what percentage comes from MSOs? What percentage is. Is sort of, you know, outside of the MSO system. How do you think about that?
Thea Chukwudi: What is mso?
Nathan Peereboom: I like Headway Ruler, Alma.
Thea Chukwudi: Okay, so. 60 comes from them. Then the remaining 40 from Psychology Today, and all that due to, like, I have. Okay, let me just take it back. And why is. Because, actually, Let me say 80 comes from these guys. Why? Because there's this biller that I use out of state, sent in my bills from last year. I haven't even gotten paid. And it's. That was like two months ago.
Nathan Peereboom: Oh, wow.
Thea Chukwudi: Okay. I'm like, okay. And they said they sent them in, so I don't know what the holdup is. And these are like Medicaid patients, you know?
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, yeah, totally. That makes a ton of sense. That must be really frustrating. Two months is a lot of time for something to not be paid. That must be really, really frustrating. How do you. So you sent. Walk me through, like what you were doing before. I guess, like before you sent your bills to this biller, how were you getting paid by groups like Medicaid.
Thea Chukwudi: I was just not billing, though.
Nathan Peereboom: Wow. Okay. When you think about a billing setup, it sounds like one of the things that's important to you is transparency. You want to know where bills are, you know, where they're at in the process, are they pending, have they been submitted? What else is important to you?
Thea Chukwudi: When it's going to arrive, when the payment is going to land in my account.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, cool. When. Anything else that's important to you besides like transparency and communication?
Thea Chukwudi: Oh, yeah, like checking the, you know, this is the new year. People are losing their insurance and you see what's going on in the country. Many people are getting kicked off Medicaid. They need to go and, you know, things like that. So it's important that the billers are keeping up with those changes, you know?
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, yeah, yeah, totally, totally. Yeah. We find that, you know, insurance companies change their regulations around every three months and not all those changes affect you, but just coordinating across them and making sure they're entombed in your program is, you know, super important. Many payers do you work with?
Thea Chukwudi: We have about 10 to 12.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, what EHR do you use?
Thea Chukwudi: What?
Nathan Peereboom: Who, like which EHR do you use?
Thea Chukwudi: What software do you use for Advanced md?
Nathan Peereboom: Oh, gotcha. Okay, cool. And do you, do you like Advanced md?
Thea Chukwudi: Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, great. Awesome. Well, why don't, you know. Yeah, I'd love to tell you about our program.
Thea Chukwudi: Well, let me take that. Hang on. Do you have. I mean, let me just tell you the truth. I hate change in my private life, private practice, but at work, if I'm working for somebody else, I'm a change agent, don't get me wrong.
Thea Chukwudi: Okay, but my. Because why? People are in the background. They've done all the work. I just have to implement it.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah.
Thea Chukwudi: Okay. Now, Advanced md, yeah, it appears pretty simple to use, but I just don't like the fact that I have to build the note taking template. And so what I do is that's the part I don't like otherwise. For me to even get one that I like that is similar to what I use at Grow, I have to pay extra for them to customize it, you know, so what I do is when I'm done with my notes from Jack Psych, you guys, I just upload it into a word spreadsheet and I send it in as an attachment, you know.
Nathan Peereboom: Oh, smart. That's really smart. If. If Jods, like had E prescription and billing, would you consider using us as an ehr?
Thea Chukwudi: Absolutely.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, well, we'll go one step at a time here. We're releasing E prescription next week and we have a full billing suite already. So, you know, if you're. If you are feeling interested, you know, it's something that over the next few weeks you could consider. And our belief is that we want to give you the full ability to customize things like templates and formats and processes and just make it as easy as possible and really unite the billing side of your world with the documentation side of your world. Like, the documentation needs to support the billing and vice versa. And that's kind of the magic of what we've built. So what are you. I mean, I'm happy to like, give you the. The pitch pitch. You know, I'm happy that I've got a little PowerPoint slide deck and I can, like, walk you through it. What's helpful to you today? What are you interested in? What. Would you like to walk away from this conversation with
Thea Chukwudi: a clearer knowledge of how you're going to improve? My, my. Because I refuse. I declined a lot on the low key. I declined a lot of patients with Medicaid, Medicare because I don't have a good billing system.
Nathan Peereboom: I don't want the stress.
Thea Chukwudi: So maybe you can enlighten me on what you have so I can see how easy it is. You know, just want something easy. I don't need any headaches.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, yeah, yeah. That makes, that makes. That makes complete sense. All right, great. Well, I'm going to share my screen. Do you. Are you on a computer or a phone right now?
Thea Chukwudi: Computer.
Nathan Peereboom: Computer. Okay, great. I am going to share my screen. Let's see. All right, Okay, so let's start with what is JotBuild?
Nathan Peereboom: So JotBuild is basically like a hybrid AI and human billing agent or engine that basically takes everything that's currently in job site, but then turbocharges it with all of the documents that your payer gives you. So your payer gives you, you know, contracts, you know, audit, checklists, all that good stuff. And what we do is we take that, we create a set of rules, and then we write the note and audit the note based on those rules. And then we write the note based on those, or, sorry, the claim and submit the claim based on. Based on those documents as well. Now we have humans that will validate the edge cases and help with denials and all that jazz. But the goal here is to be, like, really, really aggressive about writing and submitting the billing as fast as possible. So from your experience, there's only four pieces that are relevant. The first is that we, you know, you'll see whether patients are eligible or not before you see them. And we have, like, a fairly robust way of, you know, searching not just like the online sources, but also making phone calls. To do that, we then write what's called a pair aware note, which is based on the documentation that we have from you. And then all you have to do is sign the note in jot. Psych. And we're already structured like an ehr, so we save the note for, you know, seven years, you know, in a compliant way, and. And then you're done. We'll do everything else after that. Now, every month, we meet with you and talk through your financial picture so you have a really, really rich view of where every single claim is, how much you've been paid, what you're missing, how we want to change the way that we write the notes or the claims to optimize for, you know, reimbursement, all that, all that good stuff. So, you know, in terms of what makes us different, you know, we have the most vigilant eligibility checks. We have, you know, public rules and private rules from Aetna, Optum, Cigna, ama, cms, APA that help write the perfect documents. We have a claim like cleaning generation engine. So your CMS 1500 is perfect. We have automated appealing, so when you get a denial, you know, we read through your documentation and kick back a denial as fast as possible. And then we also do patient billing and collections, so we charge 4 to 8%. So you can choose exactly like how involved you want us to be. And it's really easy to get started. The way that we get started is we will typically just help you bring on your documentation, and then we'll do a analysis project where we look at exactly what you're charging, where your current bills are. We'll distill the gaps so we're focused on the right things. So this is an example of a, you know, analysis that we did recently where we walked through what you're earning. You know, for this clinic down in Florida. We walked through, you know, what they were earning every single day, where money was getting delayed or lost and what changes we could use to unlock that, like, you know, a betterment. So we do that first. It costs $300 just to make sure we're not, like, spinning our wheels for nothing. And then we, you know, then we can set up the rest of it. We can do eligibility checks. You know, we can take as long as you would like. But this analysis project allows us to understand, like, what's your current state and how can we actually be helpful to you? But after that, everything's automated. So that's kind of like the main overview. It's designed to be. Really simple on your side, really transparent and really fast. Like, we want you just to get paid and that's the only way we get paid. We only get paid when you get paid. So there's no, you know, there's no subscription fee for this, for example. It's, it's purely based on, you know, how much you use us and how much, you know, we're able to earn you. So let me pause. Did that all make sense? What questions do you have?
Thea Chukwudi: Yeah, it does make a lot of sense. So after the, after the. Because, you know, I know that this is AI, which is our first of all, let's start with the note taking. So I noticed some mistakes, some errors. So I need to still go back and clean them up, the note up and then hit submit. Then you guys take it from there.
Nathan Peereboom: Well, we, we do this. Sorry. We would do the submission of all the billing. So you know, in this world, when you sign a note in job site, we actually will go and then write the claim, submit the claim process.
Thea Chukwudi: Okay.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. So we deal with the entire life cycle of the bill. So you don't have to hire anyone else or pay anyone else to do that.
Thea Chukwudi: So those of us, those of us that are already using just like I've been using just like for about a year now.
Thea Chukwudi: Yeah, I think I've spoken to you one or two times when I couldn't find my notes or something. Yeah, probably.
Nathan Peereboom: Probably.
Thea Chukwudi: Do we get some sort of discount or so?
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, we could talk about, you know, discounts here. I mean, one of the things that we're willing to do for people who do their billing through us is do a reduced job site subscription. So, you know, we could, we could figure out a way to do it at like, you know, 120, $110 a month. So decrease the cost of the actual subscription. Just so, you know, you feel like the benefit of, of kind of doing all of it together.
Thea Chukwudi: I see. So you guys do the Medicare, EDI system setups, all that 100%.
Nathan Peereboom: We do every single payer government and.
Thea Chukwudi: Oh, that sounds like. That sounds good.
Nathan Peereboom: So just out of curiosity, like, how do you, if you think about like getting started and there are a bunch of different ways. I mean, the most common is this analysis piece. Is this something that you'd be interested in us doing, like looking through everything that you've submitted so far and just seeing where it is and what's going on?
Thea Chukwudi: Yeah, I don't have a problem with that. So that means that looking through the advanced md.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, I mean, if that's where your biller is submitting bills. Now all we need is a login to Advanced md, and then what we'll do is, you know, we'll spend a few days. Building this report and then we'll actually sit down with you and walk you through it.
Thea Chukwudi: Oh, okay, let me. I don't have a problem with that because I like, just like so far. But hang on, I have a question. So I know pricing, this can easily increase because I know you guys are talking about an EHR and escribe because I do those through Advanced md. So.
Thea Chukwudi: Yeah, so, you know, I still, I just have to also keep in mind pricing,
Nathan Peereboom: I think that it wouldn't make sense for you to still pay for Advanced MD if you were, for example, using us for E scribing because, you know, we've got all the other. You can do lab orders through drats. Like you can do forms, you can do intake, you can do calendaring, you can do billing. Like the, like transparently. We're trying to be the all in one suite. Like we don't really want you to be paying for both us and Advanced md and I don't think that would make sense for you. We're launching a new bundled pricing system in probably like a week or so. And what you're going to be able to do is just pick and choose the features that you want and get a lower price for the features that you aren't using. So that's going to change your experience, it's going to change your pricing. But it's true that if we're doing everything for you, your price will go up because obviously, like, you know, that's just the way software works. Like the more, the more that we're kind of biting off of your workflow, like the more, you know, engineers that requires, the more server costs, the more upkeep, the more like time on customer support. So we do have to price it in a way that, you know, justifies the effort of building all of this, which is, you know, I think that's the reality of every software company. But, but yeah, the goal is to like really be like the one software that does everything. But the other thing Thea, is, you know, you can try all of this like without making a decision. So you know, you could do like the jot bill analysis to start out and then, you know, we could get you set up with E Prescription next week and you can just decide if it's, if it's right for you. It might not be right for you. You know, you might look at it and be like, ah, I don't want to do this in Advanced MD or, or I don't want this instead of Advanced md. But the more information you have, the more you, you can decide, like, whether or not you want to reduce your advanced MD spending. The other thing is that we will, you know, we'll move all of your patient data into job site for free if you're using E Prescription. So that's one of the benefits of coming to E Prescription too, is like we'll do the entire transition of data so that you can start using us as a full year.
Thea Chukwudi: Oh, yeah, that'd be good. Because that's one thing I don't like about change. It's like, oh my God, what happens to all that data? Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: So advanced MD and all EHRs are. Mandated to be able to, you know, you have to be able to export your data. Like, that's very important. So we have, you know, it's pretty easy to move everything over, and we start just with patient metadata, but then we move things like notes and lab orders and all that. All that stuff. But. But initially it's just patient data. And even if you don't decide to use this as an ehr, it's still really nice to have, you know, to have, for example, like, all of the patient's insurance data and all of their, like, previous medications and diagnoses and all that, like in, you know, in job psych. So. So I would totally recommend that.
Thea Chukwudi: Yeah, like I said, I don't use their. I just advanced mdma. I'm not too impressed with their building a template, all these things. So I pretty much. That's why I lean more towards Grow Headway and Ruler. Because Ruler has a very nice. You know, Ruler, right?
Nathan Peereboom: Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah. I actually know the founder of Ruler.
Thea Chukwudi: Oh, wow. Yeah, he has a very. Or he or she has a very nice. They just upgraded their system and it is very nice whereby we use the AI scribe while taking. While, you know, during the appointment. It puts everything in its place. After the appointment, I just go in there and clean up the notes for like 1, 2, 3. Just three seconds, max even five. Yeah. Hit submit. And that's it.
Nathan Peereboom: That's amazing.
Thea Chukwudi: Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: I mean, the. The thing with Rula with all these MSAs is they just take a huge amount of your. Of your actual charge. I mean, how much. How much does rule it take from you for every visit?
Thea Chukwudi: Well, I get paid $120.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. Do you know what your actual reimbursement with, you know, if you were fully private practice?
Thea Chukwudi: No, That's a good question, though, because remember, it's something that my, My, my. My billers are not the best. So I tried to, you know, ignore patients that are coming straight on. I lean more towards, you know, grow and this because they do everything for me.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, that. That totally makes sense. Well, let me. Let me propose a plan here. And you tell me if you want to do this. If you don't, there's like absolutely zero pressure. Totally zero pressure. But let me tell you what I would do in your circumstance. Is that okay?
Thea Chukwudi: Mm.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay. So if I were you, I would start out by letting us do this job bill analysis. I would also let us help you set up E prescription and jot psych should. So if you want to use it, you can. And then I would also. Have us import your patient data. Now, e prescription is going to be like an extra cost because, you know, because we have to pay for all the prescriptions. But I would just try it for a month. Like give it a try for a month, see how it feels. And, and you should have at the end of that period all the information about what it's like to work with us, what our platform can do as your central ehr and also like where we could support you in the billing and I can set up meetings with, you know, for those three things next week. Like if that's helpful to you, we'd be like really, really excited to, to kind of walk down that path together. And it's, there's no obligation too. So you can go through the whole process and then decide, you know what, I don't want this. But it'll give you a sense of what it would be like to use us as your system of record. How, how does that sound to you?
Thea Chukwudi: How does that, it sounds good, but I'm saying just very quickly. So regarding the notes taken. So the current notes taken stays. You're not changing, you're not changing that, right?
Nathan Peereboom: I'm asking the current note. Sorry, what part of it.
Thea Chukwudi: The current, sorry, I take that back. A lack of you, you know, the current, the current documentation that
Nathan Peereboom: we're using, we're definitely not taking it away but you know, we're a company that's devoted to always making it better so it will continue to change and improve over time.
Thea Chukwudi: Oh, that's not changing. Okay. I was just asking.
Nathan Peereboom: No, no, no, no, no. Yeah, that's always going to be that, that's the backbone.
Thea Chukwudi: Yeah, I was just asking. Okay. I mean, so I, I, I, I like Jet Psych. I do. The fact that I'm able to generate an FMLA note based on the visits note the fact that I'm able to. I need to write an ESA letter. You know, I can write an ESA letter and modify it and you know, it's very helpful. Now I just need to figure out about this $300. I'm not, am I paying for it up front?
Nathan Peereboom: There's no upfront paying for the billing or I guess e prescription is a slightly, it's like an, it's an additional like subscription charge just again because we have to pay for prescriptions to go through the clearinghouses there. But, but the billing payments are only are only after we've created successful collections for you. Now the analysis portion, because we have to staff an engineer and an analyst on it, we charge 300 just as a stake fee. But that's a one time cost.
Thea Chukwudi: And when is that going to be due?
Nathan Peereboom: Well, my thought is that we just do it for. We set up a meeting to present the findings to you next week and we do it this week. How does that sound?
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, I mean, but. Yeah, but actually, I'll let you kind of. Respond. Also, I'm gonna have to run in like one minute, but.
Thea Chukwudi: Oh, sorry.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, you're totally fine. But how about this?
Thea Chukwudi: Why not?
Thea Chukwudi: That sounds good. I'll give it a try that way. I'm just using one ehr. I'll give it a try.
Nathan Peereboom: Amazing. Okay, here's what I'm going to do. I'm going to send you an email that asks you to sign up for. Well, I'll write you an email that essentially is a scheduling email so that we can find time for next. But before we do that, I just want to make sure that I have access to your advanced MD so that I can start doing, you know, start pushing that data into our analysis portion. When is the best time for. Do you know how to give us access to advanced md? Is that easy for you?
Thea Chukwudi: I think so. I think create a user or I can call them, they can help me out.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. Yeah, that would be awesome. So if you don't mind, that would be great. And then I'll send you an email to schedule the other three meetings.
Thea Chukwudi: Okay. Perfect.
Nathan Peereboom: Amazing. Yeah, I'm really, really excited. We're, we're looking forward to serving you. Okay.
Thea Chukwudi: Okay, thank you. Bye. Bye.
Nathan Peereboom: Take care. Bye.
Thea Chukwudi: Bye.