Luis Mendez: It's only like whispering and the conversation wasn't clear and things like that. So then yesterday I tried to log in and the link wasn't working. Even the link for the Google Chrome, it wasn't working. I cleared the cache several times, but today it's been working. So, I mean, I just joined the computer. Now I came for the orbital right now. But today's been working, so I don't have, like, any issues. They only seen that. I don't remember that was true. No, that before, when I opened the. The Google Chrome, it always stayed there. Now, if I click into the EMR, it disappears.
Lee Harrold: Okay. Can you show me that? Maybe we can figure that out.
Luis Mendez: How can I share my screen here?
Lee Harrold: Let me see. At the bottom of this screen, there's like a smiley face. There's one square to the left of that. You can click.
Luis Mendez: Can you see my. My.
Lee Harrold: Not. Not yet. There's like a three-step process, so you click the button and then ask you what screen you want to share? Did you pick the screen you wanted to share? Hey, there we go. Yeah.
Luis Mendez: Now. Okay. So you're seeing the one that have opened the job site completely here. No, but you see my. My. My Google Chrome.
Lee Harrold: No. I see. I see. I can't tell. What browser it's in, but if it's in Google Chrome, I trust you that it's there.
Luis Mendez: But, I mean, I have another thing where I had the.
Lee Harrold: Oh, I see what you're saying. Yeah. So go. Go back to where you shared your screen. There are, like, three. Three tabs that you can. Choose. What. What are those three tabs if you. If you open that menu, says entire Sprint. And then. Then I could see Chrome versus your other. Yeah, perfect.
Luis Mendez: Yeah. Sometimes, like. Like when I open these, I mean, they. I don't know if I remember that before. You used to stay always here on the right. But now when I click on the EMR, it's always disappear. I know it does recording the file section or not because my last page in yesterday I tried to record the conversation with Finnish and I say a conversation generally. No, but it didn't generate anything. So I delete encounter.
Lee Harrold: Oh, geez. I'm sorry. Yeah, that's not. That's not what you want. So it didn't report anything. And I think even you mentioned something about it giving. The feedback that, like, it didn't have enough volume. Like it was too quiet. Is that what it was saying?
Luis Mendez: I mean, just didn't record anything.
Lee Harrold: I don't know how to. Oh, okay. It didn't work at all.
Luis Mendez: It was actually, like, touching the information. I can see the lines that was, like, I finished the encounter. I say generating. No, it didn't generate anything. I I went out, I was the patient now. When I came, there was nothing there. I don't know, actually.
Lee Harrold: That didn't happen today. Okay, so can you repeat the incident?
Luis Mendez: We don't have a long listing today.
Lee Harrold: Yeah. Can you tell me the time that that happened? That'll, like, narrow it down on my end. So give me some. Like, stuff to look for.
Luis Mendez: I mean, are you in, like, delete that from there today? Because it was nothing. So I want the conversation there, but it happened yesterday, today. Let me see my last page yesterday was my. Actually was in, like, my last page. It was like I'm a psychiatry evaluation that I have. Around three, between, like, 3 30 to 4 30 around that time I was recording a conversation for a patient with the name Amelia.
Lee Harrold: Okay.
Luis Mendez: I mean, didn't cut anything, even though I knew that it was. Like, doing this in the culture in the conversation. When I finished with the patient, I say generate conversations like that. Whatever it goes in the bottom, let's say generate compensation. I work out what the patient now when I came back. There was nothing there.
Lee Harrold: Okay. And just. Are you on Eastern time zone? Okay, cool. So I can. I can look into that after I call and see, like, try to figure out what's going on. But did you say that today you. You've been working for you or you haven't had any hoping now.
Luis Mendez: So now I'm gonna have, like, some follow up. So, you know, I might use it.
Lee Harrold: Yeah. Do you want to use it with me on this car right now? Just. Just to see if the microphone is working.
Luis Mendez: Yeah, we can do something. Sweet.
Lee Harrold: I'm doing good. I. It's finally sunny out here in Indiana.
Luis Mendez: Okay. So I'm trying to create a template for me so that, I mean. That just like cultural information that I try on my. On my nature and takes some practice or let's see how that goes.
Lee Harrold: Yeah, we can make a template. That customizes that feature.
Luis Mendez: I'm doing that. So it's just easy to do.
Lee Harrold: Okay, let me see.
Luis Mendez: Yesterday I thought we got the conversation. I said some myth regarding.
Lee Harrold: Gotcha. Okay, we submitted. Now you say view note on web. And go to. Yep.
Luis Mendez: Yeah.
Lee Harrold: Whatever. Seems to be doing fine.
Luis Mendez: Is there?
Lee Harrold: Yeah, I guess my. My gut says it's like an audience.
Luis Mendez: You mentioned yesterday that they. They were. They create, like, a new website. So my link jet didn't work. So I had to delete those link and have it, like, bookmarker on my Google Chrome. I deleted and I had to add the new link for the new website. So. And I have also to add to delete the. The Google Chrome. I explained you on how to react again. So I'm not sure if I have to consist with that.
Lee Harrold: I don't think you should have to add the Google Chrome extension again.
Lee Harrold: I think that that should be fine as is. But you did anyway.
Luis Mendez: Yeah, I wasn't working yesterday. It was giving me an advantage that I sent to him, like, oh, this page is not available. So I believe the cache, I delete the bronze in history and everything is saying the same thing. I study computer, so I delete it. I add it again and start working. With the website. The same thing. I even send a link to him and he say, I don't recognize. Link. So I add the new video Market and after that, so I was able to see the patients in like that. But they know didn't get recorded. Whenever we thought, I know that it's just getting transcribed there. So I'm gonna use if I happen to.
Lee Harrold: You guys know. Gotcha. Yeah. The other thing I guess I would recommend is, like, if you're seeing strange Behavior with. With the extension recording, you could try using the web browser recording. As well. That's generally more reliable.
Luis Mendez: I say a lot. Sometimes what I do, I put a lag toy in my desktop, but it's just close to the patient. So whatever we told the patient, not even seeing anything, so. And I do it from there.
Lee Harrold: From the ground. Ah, yeah, that's a good idea.
Luis Mendez: That's a good idea. Yeah. Okay, perfect. If. How can you. I will let you guys know why is everything's okay?
Lee Harrold: Okay. Thanks, Lewis.
Luis Mendez: Yeah.
Lee Harrold: Sorry. Sorry for the trouble yesterday.
Luis Mendez: Thank you. Take care. Bye.