Christopher Hume: Hi, how are you? Hey, Susan. Not sure if you can hear me on your end.
Sue: Yeah, I can hear you.
Christopher Hume: Yep. Wonderful. How are you? Happy Friday.
Sue: I'm doing well, thank you.
Christopher Hume: You're welcome. So, Susan, what can I help you with today? I see you've had a Jets like account in the past, but it's currently not. Not active. Would love to learn about sort of how you tried job site out, what didn't work. And if there's any way I can help you, maybe get you back up and running.
Sue: Oh, yeah. I hope you can help me though.
Christopher Hume: See, yeah, I.
Sue: I did the trial.
Christopher Hume: Yep.
Sue: I did the trial with you guys, but then my trial went, you know, was over. Okay. And I couldn't retrieve the notes.
Christopher Hume: Oh, I'm so sorry.
Sue: So, yeah, my trial. I wasn't able to retrieve my note before it expired. Fired. Okay. So that's why I was requesting a brief extension. I actually like the. I like jot Psych. Because I can. I can do whatever I need to do with it. I can add my template. I can adjust. I can. You know, it's very flexible when it comes to the template and what I do. Okay. So I can put a lot of things, so it's really helpful. But I just tried it and then it went away, and then I couldn't retrieve the note. So I was like, oh, can I get an extension? Oh, at least. Even if it's one minute. Let me just.
Christopher Hume: The notes, I mean.
Christopher Hume: Yeah, of course, Susan. Let me take care of that right now. Let me see. I will get you restarted. And so what led you to kind of cancel your account? Sounds like the notes are turning out all right. Was there. Was there something we could have done better?
Sue: No, I didn't cancel the account. Right. Like I said, I was still trying it out.
Christopher Hume: Okay.
Sue: Okay. So, yeah, it was at the time that I wanted to take what I was doing. Yeah, I like it. I'm gonna get it anyway.
Sue: I'm still gonna sign up for it. I'm. Yeah. But I just wanted to retrieve the note because I love that site. I love it. Yes.
Christopher Hume: Well, we. We love that you love it. And I just gave you a two day trial, so you can get in there, you can check your notes, and then kind of put in that. That billing information to make sure you can keep your. Keep using us going forward. But you have access right now.
Sue: Okay. Is it like. Hold on, let me see. I don't think it's giving me the access, though.
Christopher Hume: Oh, let me see. I'm sorry. Maybe I needed to refresh.
Sue: It's going to be Ancient of Days112@gmail.
Christopher Hume: All right.
Sue: And my admin person is Gloria Henry. So it was registered on her name.
Christopher Hume: Oh, sure.
Sue: It wasn't.
Christopher Hume: It wasn't Susie Success?
Sue: No, it wasn't Susie Success?
Christopher Hume: No. Oh, I'm sorry. Could you tell me your admin person's name?
Sue: Gloria Henry. Gloria G, L, O, R, I, A. Henry. Yes.
Christopher Hume: Perfect. Oh, that would explain the confusion here. Oh, my goodness. And yeah, you have 35 notes. I'm so sorry that you couldn't Access note. Let me get you those right now. So we will. You should have access again.
Sue: Okay, let me see if it's giving me access. Oh, yeah, I got the access. Yes. So, yeah, as soon as I get this note, we are gonna buy. Actually, I've already told my other colleagues about it because, I mean, I've used so many scribe things, but this one right here, I can add, I can subtract, I can do anything I want to deal with the template. To me, that's a plus. Okay, wonderful.
Christopher Hume: No, we're so glad that you're able to take advantage of those features. We spent a lot of time and are glad to hear when they're getting used. So, Susan, if you're referring us to your colleagues, I have two things for you. Are you part of a clinic or organization?
Sue: Yes, I am. Actually. I run my own clinic.
Sue: I have a clinic that I'm running, my private practice.
Christopher Hume: And are there other providers in your clinic?
Sue: Yeah, there are other providers in the clinic.
Christopher Hume: I'm sorry, I was just going to say we could set up a pilot program if any of them would like to try us out. They get access for somewhere between two and six weeks, depending on which option you choose. And it's a good way for providers who are interested to get to experience it. And if you'd like, we can also combine all the accounts into a group account and. You can share templates and all that. All that good stuff.
Sue: Okay, so what. Most of my. Oh, sorry. The other providers that I have on my clinic, mostly what they do, they just do just evaluation, so I don't know. I don't know if they're gonna need more, you know, like. Like what? I'm using you guys for you guys. Okay. I mean, I'm using you guys for a whole lot of things, so they just use you guys for evaluation, so I don't know if that's gonna be what they want, but I'll. I'll probably talk to them.
Christopher Hume: Perfect. Perfect. And, yeah, Susan, if. If you'd be interested, we'd be happy to get them set up on a pilot or they can just trial us themselves or whatever is best for you guys. Just wanted to make sure you. You knew that was an option.
Sue: Okay. Yeah, I didn't know it was an option, but now I know.
Christopher Hume: Yep. And, Susan, just out of curiosity, where. Where are you based?
Sue: Oh, I'm in New Mexico.
Christopher Hume: Oh, New Mexico.
Sue: Okay.
Christopher Hume: We haven't traveled to New Mexico yet. I've been to a couple conferences in. In Phoenix, so I've been out in the Southwest, but not New Mexico yet.
Sue: Okay, wonderful.
Christopher Hume: Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Sue: Absolutely nothing else. I mean, I got all I needed. Thank you so, so much. I really appreciate your time.
Christopher Hume: You're so welcome. If you need anything else, just give me an email or a text, and I'm happy to help.
Sue: All right. Thank you.
Christopher Hume: Thank you. Bye.
Sue: Bye. Bye. Bye. It.