Jack Waugh: Hey, art. You hear me okay?
Arthur Wilson: Yeah. Hey, how you doing?
Jack Waugh: I'm doing well. And yourself.
Arthur Wilson: I'm good. I can't complain.
Jack Waugh: Awesome. Yeah. Glad we got a chance to. To meet for a little while. I know we had talked on the phone for a little bit, so it's. Good to talk face to face. Yeah. Well, I just kind of wanted to jump right in and just kind of ask you how you found out about jot psych and what.
Jack Waugh: What kind of made you interested in trying us out.
Arthur Wilson: It's sitting on. I seen on. Like, I think was. Maybe Facebook or somebody one of them I just seen on there. And I'm working through therapy notion. I'm just trying. I'm just trying to look at things that's going to be efficient. To cut downtime. You know what I mean? Just. Yeah. You know what I mean?
Jack Waugh: Oh, yeah. How.
Jack Waugh: What's your, you know, in a given week, how much time would you say you're spending on note taking?
Arthur Wilson: About. You know, as you put them in probably about 30 minutes, you know what I mean? You know what I mean? 15 anywhere between 15 to 30 minutes. Now, like I said, they're. They're in that state. They do. That therapy knows they do have, like, the AI feature, and there's a lot of clicking drop down, which you can do, like, use the history button. So that, that helps, you know what I'm saying? But.
Jack Waugh: Yeah. Something more comprehensive that would save you more time would be the ideal. Yeah, that's cool. It's good to know. I mean, yeah, we're. That's kind of how we're designed to be used. You know, we're able to cut people's note taking down from, like, 30 minutes to an hour per note.
Jack Waugh: To more, like, two to five minutes per note, if that.
Jack Waugh: And, you know, across a given week, on average, jot sec is able to help people save anywhere from five to eight hours a week. So just a ballpark. It's big time saver. And I'll kind of explain a little bit more in depth what we do. But I just wanted to ask you a couple other questions. Are you. So how many people in your clinic, it looks like there's a few people.
Arthur Wilson: Yeah, probably. It'll probably be about.
Jack Waugh: Five. Five total. Yeah. So ideally, would they all be using jot psych and all saving time? On notes as well?
Arthur Wilson: Yeah. At least. At least. Yeah, at least three of them.
Jack Waugh: Okay. Yeah, that's good to know. Yeah.
Jack Waugh: So kind of just if you want to walk me through kind of like what some of the needs you guys have are, I know saving time on notes is the big one. Are there any other big things that you're kind of looking for more help with or hoping, like, job site would be able to do.
Arthur Wilson: Not pretty much it. Like, you know, of course, the, you know, regular stuff, you know, authorization stuff, but I kind of got somebody to do that. So nothing too much.
Jack Waugh: Crazy. Gotcha. You said, you said regular stuff, like prior, prior authorization.
Arthur Wilson: Yeah.
Jack Waugh: Gotcha. Makes sense. Okay, so time saved on notes is kind of a big thing.
Arthur Wilson: And, yeah, one of the things
Jack Waugh: we're good at, I don't know if you're familiar with jazz, but basically we're one of the few AI scribes that's actually trained for behavioral health clinicians specifically. What this means is when we trained our scribe, we actually trained it on notes that were more likely to get approved through insurance professionals. So this means that the language of the note is actually really accurate, and it does work really quickly. And it's also really customizable. Like, we let you, we have templates that we let you work from, like an intake form and, like, progress note forms and medication with add-on psychotherapy. But we also let you upload your own templates to work from, too.
Arthur Wilson: So how, how does it work with therapy notes where I just had to copy and paste it?
Jack Waugh: Yeah. So it works a few ways. It depends on what you're looking to use jot psych for.
Jack Waugh: I mean, you can actually use jot psych as your EMR if you want to. So we have a package there where we give you, like, I don't know if you're looking for, like, e prescribe plus the scribe and also, like, telehealth. So we are able to do all of that. For you through jot psych. So let me. Are you actually, are you signed up with a trial account?
Arthur Wilson: No, I'm not.
Jack Waugh: What's, let's start there, because then I can kind of share my screen and show you how it works. And you can kind of, like, follow along. So I'm going to send you a link right here. Give me one second.
Arthur Wilson: Are you emailing it to me?
Jack Waugh: Yeah, I'm going to email to. See.
Arthur Wilson: Admin.
Jack Waugh: The one I have is admin at mklcnet.
Arthur Wilson: Is that.
Jack Waugh: Fine? All right. Just sent that over. So what type of, what type of practice do you run?
Arthur Wilson: Is behavioral.
Jack Waugh: Gotcha. Yeah. I just was curious. I saw kids learning center, so I didn't know if you guys work with kids or.
Arthur Wilson: Yeah, we would do that, but that's. I have. A daycare.
Jack Waugh: Also. Gotcha. Gotcha. Makes sense. Very cool. Okay, so you should have that. Let me know if you got it. Should be in your email.
Arthur Wilson: Yeah. I got it.
Jack Waugh: Okay, cool. So you can just click that. And then there's a little link that'll just say try for free. And then it'll say, like, login. And then once you hit that, then there will be a little, like, don't have an account. Sign up and you just click the sign up button there.
Arthur Wilson: Referral code.
Jack Waugh: No, you don't have to do that. I think you can skip that for now. It should just take you to, like, the. You probably entered your email and all that. And I'll share my screen here so you see this is the page you want to get to and be on.
Arthur Wilson: The same basic settings. How to refer to subject client.
Jack Waugh: Yep, that's right.
Arthur Wilson: So you can click that.
Jack Waugh: Home page. Okay, perfect. Yeah. So I'll kind of walk you through how it works. And also, so I show you the most, like, relevant features. Are you interested in using, like, ePrescribe through jot psych as well and kind of using it as more of an EMR?
Arthur Wilson: No, we don't do no prescribing.
Jack Waugh: Oh, you guys don't do any prescribing. Okay. Gotcha. No problem. So let me show you this real quick. So basically, here's how it works. You're going to click this record button here when a patient walks in. So obviously you could add their name up here. And then this is the most important part. You're going to just select which type of template to use. Right.
Jack Waugh: So intake, if it's a patient walking in the first time, we have progress note if they're returning. And then we have other things here, like medication. I guess that doesn't apply to you. So probably for you, it'd be one of these here. Okay, so then all you do, see this little purple recording button here? You would just click that. And then, you know, when session's over, you hit end recording and then just generate no button here. And then I'm going to take you to what an actual finished notebooks like. And it's normally really quick.
Jack Waugh: I mean, I've never seen it take more than 30 seconds. But, you know, it's usually like 15 seconds to finish the note. And here, let's go find this. Okay. And this is what it looks like. So I'll let you kind of read through this. So again, this isn't like adding anything. This just is all picked up from the patient encounter.
Arthur Wilson: Okay.
Jack Waugh: So we got our summary here. Chief complaint. Detailed HPI. Medications probably won't apply for your, your purposes, but sleep patterns, test and scores. Safety assessment here. And then this is pretty cool. We automatically DSM and ICD codes. You don't have to look those up. So, like, all of these codes here were pulled up.
Arthur Wilson: From the patient encounter.
Jack Waugh: And then we will also generate a follow-up email for you. To that patient to send after them based on the session. And then here are the billing codes down here. So. Let me just pause there for one second. First of all, any questions? And does this kind of look like what you would be hoping for something like jot psych to do?
Arthur Wilson: Yeah. Yeah. Cool.
Jack Waugh: Cool. Any things you would still want on the note or what could be included that you're not seeing here? Because there's a way to customize these, too.
Arthur Wilson: No, it pretty much standard.
Jack Waugh: Okay. Cool. All right, so sounds like that kind of would cover it for you. If you ever needed to make changes here. You can always go to documentation, note templates, and just add sections to the template here. So if there was something you still want to see there, you can always add that.
Jack Waugh: And the other thing is in that little note editor off the side. You can actually make changes to the templates. So let's say that first section, you're like, it's a little bit short. I want the summary to be more detailed. You can click on it and then say going forward. Write more in detail about sleep patterns. For this section. Okay. You know, so it's designed to, you can actually finish the note before the next patient walks in. And also so that way during the session, you're actually more present with your patients. You're not, you know, getting bogged down in the paperwork and the constantly having to keep up with the note taking. We kind of do the heavy lifting there and just give you to look over and just give your stamp of approval on.
Arthur Wilson: Okay.
Jack Waugh: And I'll show you something else.
Arthur Wilson: Pretty cool.
Jack Waugh: I know you mentioned things like prior authorization. We actually will write you a prior authorization letter automatically for any patient. So if you go to this patients tab here and you just click on the sample patient. See down here on documents. You can actually write, like, prior authorization for whatever MRI was the example there, but it can be anything.
Jack Waugh: And we'll just write one for you.
Arthur Wilson: Okay.
Jack Waugh: So that's helpful. You know, again, it's a huge time saver, and it does save people. I've heard up to, like, 10 hours a week, depending on how much time you're spending on notes.
Jack Waugh: So it's just meant for you to get some of that time back.
Arthur Wilson: Absolutely.
Jack Waugh: Yeah. Cool. Well, what I can do then is I can help you get signed up for this. I know we're doing something right now where anyone who signs up for the full month of jot psych, we're going to give them unlimited customer support, plus two templates that we kind of set up for you and, like, customize and get it tailored exactly the way you need it to be. So if that sounds good to you, I'd be happy to help you get set up with that.
Arthur Wilson: How much is it?
Jack Waugh: Yeah.
Jack Waugh: So basically, you said there would be three clinicians.
Arthur Wilson: Yeah.
Jack Waugh: Yeah.
Jack Waugh: So it depends on how long you do a term with us. If you're just month to month, we're 150 a month per person. If you sign up for the year, it comes out to 135 a month per person.
Arthur Wilson: Okay.
Jack Waugh: Yeah. So if that works, I'm happy to help you guys get set up. And that way you guys can get rolling with it.
Arthur Wilson: Talk to my team and see what they think about it.
Jack Waugh: Yeah. Yeah.
Arthur Wilson: We'll just kind of. Go from there.
Jack Waugh: Yeah, that sounds good. And just so I make sure I can get you guys the best information when you all are making your decisions. Is there any other things that I could send to you or tell you about? That would help with that?
Arthur Wilson: Oh, no. You did pretty good.
Jack Waugh: Okay. Cool. Also, I wanted to ask you, art, are you guys handling, like, billing as well through your clinic?
Arthur Wilson: Yeah. Gotcha.
Jack Waugh: How is that process been working for you?
Arthur Wilson: Okay.
Jack Waugh: Okay. Anything you wish could be going a little better? Just out of curiosity?
Arthur Wilson: You know, making sure we getting that. Getting the bill.
Jack Waugh: So you guys, did you have some issues with, like, denied claims and stuck payments and people, like, getting underpaid and all that kind of thing? Yeah. So the reason I ask is this is something we've started doing as well. We're helping people with billing, too. And when it comes to billing, we have a pretty big performance Advantage with our scribe. So what we've done, you know, we handle everything, like, eligibility, credentialing. I don't know. You might already be credentialed, but we do all that upfront. And then on the actual node generation side, what we can do is we can tell you what needs to change in the language of the note across different payer roles through different insurances. So we can tell you kind of how to make it a perfect note. Just like a click of a button because of our AI scribe. And I know people who use job LLC a huge reduction in their claims that get denied also any, like, stuck claims that happen. And then we kind of, like, give you a report on that and manage it like a financial advisor would. So you have, like, full visibility into that. And we typically take a much smaller cut. I don't know who you're using for billing right now, but I know any chance you're using, like, Headway or grow for that.
Arthur Wilson: Oh, you are. Not here. Way you doing it for credentialing. You all use, you do credentialing?
Jack Waugh: Yeah, we do credentialing as well. And the cool thing about our credentialing is we like, there's a lot of people who say they do it, but you know how, like, the process is kind of a headache. Like, you have to send a bunch of forms. We're able to take care of everything on our end. Because we have these huge advantages with our software. We can get it done in a very expedited way. So it's like you're, I'll tell you basically the gist of what we do with credentialing.
Arthur Wilson: So.
Jack Waugh: Sorry, one second. I'm just pulling up our information here. Well, basically, so that includes everything from document collection. To CAQH profiles, to pay our applications and all the follow-up calls and deadline tracking that comes along with it. So that way nothing is, like, falling through the cracks. So we're able to handle all of that. So does that sound like a good?
Arthur Wilson: Start? Don't even take a look at it, too.
Jack Waugh: So I was going to say what I can do is I'll schedule another meeting for you with our CEO, Nate. He handles, like, our billing and credentialing, and that way you guys can talk about it a little more in depth and kind of go over what some of your needs there would be. Does that sound good?
Arthur Wilson: Yes.
Jack Waugh: Let me go ahead and set that up. See what he has here. Are you around this Friday? Yeah. Okay. Cool. How's, how's afternoon? Like, are you. Sorry. Are you Central time? Or Easter? Central?
Arthur Wilson: Okay.
Jack Waugh: I could do 1 30 p.m. central time on Friday, if that works.
Arthur Wilson: That's fine.
Jack Waugh: Okay. So let me go ahead and set that up. Just give me one second. And do you want me to add, I know there were other, were there other people in this meet? No, it was just you for this one. Okay. And art, is this, this is your clinic or is mine. Okay. Gotcha. Okay, so this is should be in your email now. Let me know that you see that there.
Arthur Wilson: I got it.
Jack Waugh: Okay. Yeah, that's from Nathan. Pure boom, who's our CEO? And you guys can talk at that time. But awesome. In the meantime, while you are using jot psych, like, definitely feel free to use it on some patient encounters.
Jack Waugh: And, you know, give it a try and, and let me know if you have any questions while you're using it. But from now to then we can talk Friday and kind of touch base then.
Arthur Wilson: Okay, that's cool.
Jack Waugh: Okay. Awesome. Are any other questions I can help answer for now?
Arthur Wilson: That's it.
Jack Waugh: Okay. Well, yeah.
Arthur Wilson: Glad, glad you took the time and glad we got
Jack Waugh: to talk a little more and. Yeah, we'll talk Friday.
Arthur Wilson: No problem. Okay, man. Talk to you soon. Yep.