Adam Harrison: I need it.
brady: Cool. All right, we got it in here. Let me share my screen here. Okay, cool. So this is obviously the command center. Shouldn't be any major changes here, just in terms of how things work. Waiting on you will still be all the ads that we produce that are waiting for you to review them. And so you can obviously leave a comment if there's any adjustments we need to make. Send that back to our team for revisions. For a lot of the statics, I got the one by one version for feed placements and then also the nine by six made nine by 16 for stories, so these should all be here definitely went for more of, like, a clinical look for these. Hopefully these are more in line with kind of the customer. That was a great call out you made to me. Some of these are more like a little bit more like back officey. She's wearing scrubs and stuff. So if there's any changes or anything going forward or anything with these that you want to adjust, just let me know or drop a comment on these.
Adam Harrison: Yeah.
Adam Harrison: No, I think these are really great. Actually right before you joined, I sent a message just in the Slack channel, not in Command center, but I think broadly thought I did a great job incorporating all the feedback on both the creative and the copy. So think like, yeah, I don't really have too much more feedback at this point. The only question I have, and this is probably kind of annoying, but is we just. We just today or yesterday got a new, finalized, like, brand kit. So we have, like, a new logo and, like, some font changes and stuff like that. So I don't know if that is, like, something that your AI system is like, hey, you just, you know, put it as a context file and then it will, like, update the logo and, like, the fonts, and if it's. Like, super quick to do or if that's a more, like, annoying kind of task that requires a lot of, like, manual rework. But I think, ideally would love to, like, incorporate the new stuff because we're. We want it to, you know, obviously be, like, a consistent experience, and hopefully we're using these ads. For, like, a long time, and they perform super well. So that would be, like, the only last question I have here before we, you know, ship these.
brady: Yeah, no, that's. It's a good question. So for, obviously, we have like, icon self serve and then we have icon manage, which is what you're, you know, I'm part of and what you have with me. So for that service, obviously, we can take care of those kind of ad hoc tasks that. Come up. I just did it this morning for Quick and Loans, actually. They had some logo discrepancies and stuff. So what I can do is I can have our team just go ahead and, you know, if you can, review them from, like, an aesthetic and design standpoint. And just, like, mark them as done. I can just have my team bulk download them and then make the adjustments based on the new, like, logo and stuff. And then I can just send you a Google Drive with all of them adjusted.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, that works. So I'll just approve all these and then. And then should I drop the, like, brand kit in the Slack channel or what? What's the easiest for your, like, workflow?
brady: Yeah, yeah, just drop it in Slack and tag me and I'll pass it off to our team. Internally. But cool. So. Yeah. So this. This shouldn't change much. You'll have the waiting on you section. Waiting on icon. There's still some bugs in our system, so if you see anything like just here I flagged like it still says shipping. Obviously it's a static, so we're not shipping, but. Yeah. Overall, things are getting polished in terms of, like, the ui. So if you catch anything, just flag it to me. Super helpful. We added these little, like, bubbles here. So as we make, you know, obviously, this is Campaign one. If we kick off Campaign two in March, we'll have, you know, each campaign here that we work on, if we want to target a certain angle or certain messaging for each one, it just kind of gives you a view where you can click in and see the content per campaign that we do. And then obviously all the done content will approve live here once it's approved by you. And then you can just bulk download, you can push it to meta, you can mark them as launch. So that should be pretty much just as is, no major changes there. We did add. So this is a new tool that we're adding. See, there's a little bug here. This should automatically pull a lot of your competitors in the space. So, like, you know, let's say, like, betterhelp is one that just comes to mind. You can search them here. And it works as kind of like an ad spy tool. Let's see if it'll pull through here. Always a little bit buggy sometimes, but.
Adam Harrison: Yeah. So it's always when you're doing a demo that it. It won't work.
brady: Right.
Adam Harrison: So I know the field. No worries.
brady: Let me show you. I'll just show you a different one, just so you can see, like, aesthetically how it looks. This is like another brand that I work across, just like a seltzer brand. But it'll serve as, like, a competitor spy tool. So you can see these are, like, you know, kind of like mushroom seltzers. So you'll be able to see, like, how long it's been running on meta, any ad copy that they have here, what their CTA is, you'll be able to watch the creative itself. And then you can hit clone here. Or you can just, like, save them to a board. So you can save them or you can share them out to a team. For instance, if you have a competitor that you really like, you could, like, share that link with me in Slack and be like, hey, can we go in this direction, you know, this month with our statics or something like that. So this is kind of really excited for this. It'll just be a place where you, you know, on your own time, if there's any competitors you have, you can see, kind of take a look into what they're running on meta so. So that's a self serve tool that will be at your disposal and I'll flag to engineering that this needs to be. Be populated. It should pull, like, eight to 10 companies or brands that are relevant in, you know, the. The medical space, so you can kind of see what they're running there. Creative Library. This will be where you can connect like a Google Drive or any other internal content you have so that our editors, as they're going through and making, you know, edits for you or making ugc, they have that as B roll or any of those clips available to them. Just. I don't know how much, like, creative output you guys do internally, but if you have any, like, content folders or even, like, the. The brand guidelines you were talking about, this can just be kind of like a hub for all the content that you have. Asset GPT will be kind of like a self serve static tool. So if you are running, you know, like a one off, you know, kind of flash sale or you know, say, hey, we're doing, you know, a fourth of July discount for jot psych and we want to, you know, run, run a discount or. Something you can generate assets on your own. This is basically just a wrapper for a lot of the, the major models out there. So we just kind of bill you at cost of what those API charges are.
brady: And it should have context. You know, you can add, like, products, so you can add, you know, the jot. PSYCH as a product, and then it'll have context on that and just prompt it. It's. It's honestly fun to play around with. It's. It's been. Working really well. So that's something else. In terms of, like, actually powerful tools that you'll be able to use, the Ad manager will be really helpful for you. This basically allows you to launch, like, 50 to 100 ads really, really quickly. And you can save like copy or, you know, shop now, all the CTAs, the links. I launched like a ton of ads this morning with it and it's been working really well. There is still, you know, a few small bugs, but have a play around with it, see if it's helpful. You just have to set up the meta connection here. Creative analytics will work kind of like a motion. So once all the creative is connected to meta, you'll be able to, you know, pull a report on the amount of time you want to look back last seven days, last 14 days, last 30 days, and you can see, you know, performance by CPA CTR purchases, obviously. This is like D2C.
brady: But, yeah, you know, cost per lead, everything like that should be here. And then we're also going to be rolling out creator whitelisting. So if we have certain UGC concepts. That are working really well for us. You'll be able to run them as, like, paid ads through their pages, too. That tends to work really well, like, on the paid side. So just some of the updates we're rolling out. So. Yeah. Just wanted to run you through those. I don't know how helpful those would be for you, but they are.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, no, it's. It's. Yeah, that's cool. It feels like there's some cool things you're adding here. So I like. Let's see. I like the competitor kind of ad cloner thing. I like the idea of. You know, having. Having like, asset GPT where I can just have everything in one place and spin up new campaigns and it has all the right context. And obviously, if I can, you know, have my workflow out of here instead of like the meta ad account that is also like, just. Yeah. So it's.
Adam Harrison: I could see how this could be like, 111, like, workspace where you're kind of doing everything from the creative to, like, competitor stuff to actually, like, administering the account. So, yeah, I think it's. It's coming along well. Yeah.
brady: Yeah, that's the goal. I'm glad. Glad you're liking it. Please. Yeah. Obviously, these are still beta and our site isn't open, so I sent you the beta access code. If you're having any issues, just screenshot it and send it in Slack. I'll literally pass that directly to our engineering team. So, yeah, any feedback you have, we can get that implemented. Cool. Well, that is everything in terms of next steps. Just go ahead and take a look at all this content.
Adam Harrison: I can.
brady: Let me. I want to pull up what the deliverables we were doing. Or Campaign One. So Campaign One was. It was just the trial, right? It was six UGC videos and 10 statics.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, exactly.
Adam Harrison: I think it's just ones we were looking at a second ago.
brady: Perfect. Yeah. So in terms of. Let me see. Brock is in office, he's more on the sales side, but in terms of. I can actually pull up the calculator. In terms of, like, next steps, Are you, first of all, are you guys wanting to move forward with more content with us? Do you think that would be valuable? Do you think statics are more valuable? UGC.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, I think for us. We probably want to, like, get this stuff into. Into market and as a first step and, like, see what happens. Before we do, like, a phase two, I'm guessing because I sort of want to get a bit of the signal here, like, to your point. You see static like, which. Which type of pain point we are, like, messaging, whether it's audit risk or saving time or something else. So I think probably as the next step, I would love to, like, finalize these, get them out into market. And then from there it's I'm guessing we'll have to make a decision if we want to go more the like self serve path or more the like managed service path. If I'm you can like understanding correctly. And then, you know, we're probably also thinking about, like, Yeah. I think we're also trying to think about how much of this we want to, like, build internally and, like, try to have our own systems around versus what we want to sit in, like, an external tool.
Adam Harrison: So I'm guessing we probably want to, like, close out this first phase. Kind of do a little bit of, like, assessment on our side and then probably come back with, like, some clarity on, like, where. Where we go from here, if. If that makes sense.
brady: Yeah, no, that makes total sense in terms of. I'll just give you some context into, like, the two options for you. Let me share my screen again. So this, like I was saying here, this will be so the command center and having access to all these tools here will be 3 99amonth to, like, use everything. And then they added the get more ads button here, so they're building it around $83 per ad, so. This will be something like, in terms of self serve, you'll be able to, you know, add more assets here and do that on your own. In terms of the managed service, it's more of. So that starts at 2,000amonth. That's where you have me in the loop. I'll be launching ads for you into meta. You know, I can help with the media buying if there's a need for that, or at least getting the ads launched for you. And then you guys can tweet budgets or, you know, do all the optimizations there. And then also that includes, you know, us doing like a weekly or bi weekly call to go over performance, see how our, you know, angles are performing, continuing to iterate on those. All the scriptings handled by me. So that's kind of the two options. Like you were saying, there's the self served option, and then there's the one where you have me a creative strategist. In the loop to kind of help with everything.
brady: This is kind of our pricing calculator we've been using. So for, let's say you guys, you know, wanted to try. So we usually do, like, three concepts per creator. So if we wanted to do, like, let's say 30 UGC, that would be 10 creators, maybe, like five guys. 55 girls, five guys. And then we want to test some different angles across those, which is, you know, I think would be honestly good to do. I feel like gender and also like age and demographic testing is super important just to kind of see, you know, I'm sure for job seg. It's probably mostly an older demographic, I would assume, or like 35 plus.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, exactly.
brady: But, yeah, so we. This is kind of how the pricing works. If we weren't, if we were doing like less static. So if it was like 30 UGC 10 static and then like 0vo videos, it would be like 2100. So that's the managed service plus all the assets, plus the self serve tools. And that's one month. If you were to do like a three month pay up front, it would go down. And then paying monthly you can do as well. So it's pretty flexible. You can kind of structure it. However, it makes the most sense for you guys. Yeah. So this is. It's pretty straightforward. Honestly. The more you do, obviously the price goes down. So it's like 60 bucks per UGC with unlimited. Unlimited revisions. We have some pretty good editors, so I think it's a good deal. But that is. I'll leave you with that if you want to. If you want me to send any this over, I can.
brady: But I can just leave you guys to kind of test and let me know how you guys want to move forward.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, in the self serve. How would that work for, like. Static and video again. Can you remind me how that. How that would work?
brady: Yeah. So the asset GPT is for like statics mostly, so you could kind of make those ad hoc as you want. You get like $10 of credits for like Nano, Banana or any of the major models there. And then it would just be build at cost. And then in terms of ugc, you would be able to in the command center, click that get more ads button, get credits for ugc, and then you would be able to push those through. I actually haven't gone through the, like, whole flow of, like, how much control you have over, like, scripting process and stuff like that. But I. I would imagine it's a little bit less personalized, as if you're working with me. You know, we can get more granular with it. But I'm sure there's still some I can get. If that's an interest for you, I can get you more details there.
Adam Harrison: Okay. No, I think that's. That's helpful. Like. Yeah, to understand. So the static stuff would be mostly like kind of AI image stuff with the self serve. Thing. So like the static that we have from this current batch. Those would all be things that are more like a managed service kind of output.
brady: Is that exactly? Correct? Yeah. The. The ones that you would. The asset GPT is a little different than, like, our statics. But I don't. I think that, that we're going to kind of phase out the like self service statics just because it's been kind of a nightmare for us. When it's under manage. When it's under managed, it's a little easier for me to work with a designer. You. Know. I know what you like, what you don't like. The self serve statics was just getting a little much for us. I think it'll be more like the asset GPD on the self serve side and then for manage, it's obviously a designer. And they're still using AI but it's a lot more. Tailored to, you know, specific offers or what you guys want to push.
Adam Harrison: Okay, cool. Yeah, that's all super helpful, I think. Yeah, definitely a lot to think about. I think for us, we are. Yeah, we kind of just have to see, like, what's going to work. And that will tell if, like, you. If you do see is really important. And then we can, like, self serve that pretty well. Like, maybe we go down that path if Static is doing really well. Sounds like probably we would go more the managed service route. And then if we're also like, Setting up our own internal tools for, like, creative and stuff like that, which, you know, we're thinking about, but we might not want to build ourselves either. You know, that adds like another. Another, like, decision point or, like, consideration on top of it. So. So, yeah, I think that's kind of like what we just need to, like. See how things go over the next, like, coming. Coming weeks, and then we can probably come back to you and, like, kind of. Yeah. Have more clarity on, like, which direction we want to go.
brady: Cool. That sounds. That sounds great, Adam.
Adam Harrison: Sweet. Well, yeah, I will go ahead. I think I owe you some approvals on stuff. And then I'll drop the the brand kit into the slack channel and. And tag you. What's, like, best for you? Because I have a, like, basically like a zip file with stuff that's like a PowerPoint and stuff like that. And I also have a Figma file. But what's easiest, like, for your team?
brady: To use. Yeah, for the brand guide, I would say probably the. The PowerPoint version would be. Actually just send both. For the designers. The Figma file might be helpful, so if it's not too much of a hassle to just throw both in slack.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, that's totally fine.
brady: And I can have access to those. Perfect. Yeah, and then let me know again if you have any issues with the Command center if it's given you any issues, and just ping me once those are marked, all is done, and then I can get the like the bulk changes made in terms of the logo and stuff like that.
Adam Harrison: Sweet. Sweet. All right. Sounds good, brady. Appreciate. Yeah, I appreciate.
brady: Of course, man. Yeah. I hope. I hope we get to work together in the future. So let me know if you guys want to do that. It'd be fun.
Adam Harrison: Awesome. Yeah, likewise. All right, well, take care. Talk. Talk soon.
brady: Have a good rest of your day.
Adam Harrison: Bye. Bye.