Becca Bressler: All right. Oh, I have to go on Alpha. Sorry, I'm, like, talking out loud. Okay? Here. I'm just going to share my screen and walk you through this. All right, so I am creating test account. Oh, I have to sign up. So annoying. Okay? So there's maybe a little wrinkle here, which is. Okay? So basically, this didn't used to say, get a demo. It used to say, like, start setup. Our self serve was so bad and we weren't getting as much and I was like, book a set of call. It's a little bit too mighty. Make people feel like they're committing. So maybe there's kind of book a demo option. Okay, so now that takes you to the calendar. But this used to say start setup.
Becca Bressler: And where that would take you was it would push you towards. So if you had the authority to purchase this and set it up, It would take you here. I don't even know what it did. If you did not have the authority to purchase it because you wouldn't have had a practice. Actually. Because if you're a clinician at a group account, and if you're not the practice administrator, as you know, you don't even see this. So maybe it took you to a page that said, ask your administrator for one of those. But if you have the authority, it'll take you here. And there's this. Like, the first step for this is you have to pay for it before you can start the onboarding. So there was adjut rx share plan, click open subscription and add it. So you would have to go here. And this is like, if you wanted to set this up for yourself or one of your clinicians, you would have to do that for at least one person before you could carry on. So once you did that, once you added it to a plan, multiple plans.
Becca Bressler: As you know, it's kind of a disastrous way to do that. Not clear that you're. I don't even need to tell you, but. So you add it to the plan, and then it's like, okay, connect to Dosebot. Connect your practice to do spot to enable e prescribing. What?
Becca Bressler: The hell is Dosebot like this is, you know, just. Like, not feedback that we got, but, like, one of the things we didn't end up addressing but, like, should have was, you know, making it clear what this actually means, what dose spot is, et cetera. But the next step was to go to the practice setting, because before a clinician can be enabled, you have to set up your practice, so then it would, like, take you here. So basically Innate was like, this is so weird. You're, like, in practice settings, and it's like, well, you're like, technically not, but so then it would take you here because this is where practice settings are configured. And so the first step is. Connecting your practice to Dosebot. So you would go through this. Put your phone number in. I'm trying to remember if the street address matters here. I'm going to say that it does. So they gave us, like a dummy. Account for the testing environment. So let me just find that right. Now. Facial recognition. Workflow. I think that's it. Okay? So the street address that I'm using is going to be this. Where did that go? City is going to be this. And again, this is like only something that a practice administrator or solo clinician can do if they are their practice administrator. Okay?
Jeremy Kanter: I think there's a stray quote on the city, maybe.
Becca Bressler: Oh, thank you.
Jeremy Kanter: Clinic is limited and it is your email for the clinic name.
Becca Bressler: Obviously, those error messages could be, like, way better. Okay, so I've set up my practice. Then the next step is to register a clinician. Now, if I'm registering myself, You know I can do this, obviously. But then there's a whole other part of the workflow, which is like, I'm a clinician at a practice. I'm not even aware of this, like, practice setup step or that it needs to happen, but once it does happen, If my administrator purchased John Rx for me. I then can do I then need to be, like, guided to this step. This is kind of my first step as the clinician. If I don't have control over purchasing it or setting up the practice, does that make sense? That's the next step I'm about to.
Jeremy Kanter: Yeah. Wait, can we pause for a second was there. Like they're not a step. On dose spot. Did it just look up? Your address. And match it to their thing and that's all it needed Or.
Becca Bressler: Great question. So what is happening is like if I actually logged into the Dose Spot admin account right now for for Job for us, I would see that there is a clinic created and it was this clinic was just created so this that was pushed to do spot to, like, set up a clinic. But if you looked at that admin panel, there'd be no clinicians associated with it yet, so. So it is setting up a clinic in dose spot. But. But that's it. It's not matching it to anything. It's. That's like setting it up. Does that make sense?
Jeremy Kanter: Would it be? I showed you.
Becca Bressler: Is that something that would be helpful or maybe a little helpful?
Jeremy Kanter: I'm also just kind of like, so. So all anyone needs. To set up. Clinic on your dose spot. Account is your address.
Becca Bressler: Yes, but you can't prescribe anything, so, like, you need your, like, NPI number, you know, your, like, credentials, like, in order to actually get to the next phase of it. But, yes, that is the case.
Jeremy Kanter: If I were a huge jerk, I could still just, like, I could go register 100 clinicians, clinics on your account just for the hell of it.
Becca Bressler: Yeah. I mean, you have to pay. You'd have to pay for it, but
Jeremy Kanter: you'd have to pay for it.
Jeremy Kanter: So, like, me as a bad actor, I'm just. I'm like, yeah, digging in here.
Becca Bressler: But like we pay per clinician. So we're not paying the setup of the clinic. We are not paying for, like, if we have, like, ghost clinics that have no clinicians associated with it, we're not paying for that in dose spot. We're, like, only paying per clinician. So, like, you could do that. Like, you would be paying for job RX before you were able to even do that. And we're not paying for that until, like, a clinician is enabled. Does that make sense?
Jeremy Kanter: I can show. Yeah. Okay, so the. The part where we. Like, where we opted into John rx. A few steps ago is not something I could doubt. Like having my credit card, like, already in here and like, being charged.
Becca Bressler: If you want to set up an Alpha account. That's how you are you asking as a user, are you asking is like Jeremy wanting to explore this?
Jeremy Kanter: I'm mostly like, just curious about the, like, security implications. Like, I know that I can like me as imagine I. 'm a hacker kind of person, right? Like, if I. How much damage can I do just knowing a clinic's address? Can I create a jots like trial account and create a bunch of organizations on someone's dose spot account? Just, I mean, I guess, like, it's not like I'm not able to prescribe medicine, but, like. You might come in one day and see 100 clinics in your account. Like, is that like or am I missing a part where, like, I would have had to, like, pay to be able to do that?
Becca Bressler: Well, you would have had to pay to be able to do that because you have to add jotrx to your account first.
Becca Bressler: The only way that we were even able to do that is because you added it to the plan, right?
Jeremy Kanter: Okay. Okay.
Becca Bressler: So that said, if you like, pay for it. You can do it, but there's, like, an identity proofing step. So, like, the worst you could do, the worst thing you could do, I think.
Becca Bressler: As, like, a hacker. Without an actual npi. Presuming this hacker doesn't know how to get like npi, you know, whatever, address it. Well, I guess that is public information. But no, there's an identity proving step.
Becca Bressler: You have to like, put in your credit card information. The worst like you would be able to do is like buy a bunch of John Rx, connect a bunch of fake clinics using real clinics names. And the the thing that would happen there is like if that real clinic wanted to onboard with they might get an error that says clinic like clinic name already. Used, for instance. So I think that would be the extent of the issue.
Jeremy Kanter: Okay, okay.
Becca Bressler: I mean. I mean, you're raising. You're, like, asking good questions, and I don't think I'm talking out of my ass, but, like, there's always the chance. But, like, for instance, just to, like, kind of show you really quickly,
Jeremy Kanter: this is also just helping me keep straight, like, where, like, you know, because. Because I've only been doing the testing stuff and, like, I see a lot of trial things and I can just click on John Rx and it's, it's. Done. Right. Like, but in the real world, I would have had to. My credit card would already be in.
Becca Bressler: Would have had to have. Yeah. People don't put in their credit card information when they. When they trial. But I think in order to have done that, like, we would have needed a credit card on file to, to do that. But, like, this is kind of what you would see in the back end. Like, this is our administration. So, like, I just created. Oh, no, you won't see it because this is a test account. But what you would have seen is, like, something that showed up, showed up here, but there would be, like, no clinicians associated with it.
Jeremy Kanter: Okay, okay.
Becca Bressler: Okay? So sorry. Cool. So now. The clinic. Clinic. So now go to register as a clinician. So again, like, I'm a clinician. I'm in a group practice. I didn't even know about those steps that, like, needed to happen, but suddenly they did. My practice administrator purchased it for me. I now, like, need to be made aware that. There's, like, a step for me, which is to sign as a clinician. So. But let's go through the practice of, like, I'm a solo user. I can do this for myself. Next register. So then it takes you to, like, what is the account settings page? So we're like, we've moved out of your practice and we're in, like, the user settings page. Register for e prescribing. So, like, below, so you're, like, scrolling down. Complete the form below, so. Okay, I have, like, a test information I have to use. My phone number because need to get the identity proofing stuff, but.
Jeremy Kanter: Before you submit this, can you. Can you scroll back up just so I can see this page one more time? But.
Becca Bressler: So it's like my personal clinician information. Practice information. Which, like, I don't even know why we have this here, if that's, like, in the practice settings, but, like.
Jeremy Kanter: Yeah, okay.
Becca Bressler: Okay, but let me get the street address up that I need to use.
Jeremy Kanter: Small question. When you. When you navigated to this page, you click that button, did it scroll down to this section, or did it just take you to cache?
Becca Bressler: It didn't scroll down for you. It was just like, below. All right. So. 1949 092. 9291949. Is that right? 1994.
Jeremy Kanter: Yeah. Okay?
Becca Bressler: Mpi number. Oh, I have to get a fake npi number. Oh, I also need a fake dea number. How do I do that? If you use one of these before. Let's see. Where am. I. So NPI number. And then if you prescribe controlled substances, there's like this other step where you have to have a DEA number. Let me see if I can generate a fake D number. Chat. GPT didn't let me dea.
Jeremy Kanter: If you have that, does that create, like, more steps in the setup process later?
Becca Bressler: Yes, it does.
Jeremy Kanter: What's this other. Platforms question. Does that do anything, or is that just like. For your information?
Becca Bressler: So the great question. So. I'm going to actually show you the admin panel. In dosbot. Where did I put that?
Jeremy Kanter: Did I exit out of it?
Becca Bressler: Let me share this tab. So. Oh, you can't see a screen, can you?
Jeremy Kanter: I'm seeing the, like. Clinicians. Looks like. Scroll to the bottom of the screen. Clinicians.
Becca Bressler: Do you see some versus TFA activation success?
Jeremy Kanter: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Becca Bressler: It's just black on my end. So basically. The reason for that is. The following, so let me just see if I can get an example. Okay?
Jeremy Kanter: So.
Becca Bressler: So for, like, a prescriber on a eprescription platform, there's, like, a number of things that you can do.
Becca Bressler: Obvious 1% prescriptions to a pharmacy, there's a couple other settings. That these platforms offer, which involve, like, hearing from the pharmacy through the platform and being able to take action. So the pharmacy wants to send a refill request to you directly. Or the pharmacy wants to send like a change refill request to you directly, then you are able to like, approve or deny, basically. But that's not like a given. Like, not everyone enables those settings. Some people are like, I don't want to hear from the pharmacy like a million times throughout the day. But there are like a couple features that you can opt into. The thing about those particular features, you can only do that one platform. So some people have multiple prescription platforms because they, like, work at different practices, maybe, or, like, they have a solo practice. And, you know, it's not uncommon for a clinician to use a couple platforms. But that can be only used on one. And so what happens for our users is if they have those enabled elsewhere, There's a couple things that happen. One, they actually can't start prescribing right away.
Becca Bressler: It'll take like about a day because, like, Dose Spot admins have to like. It basically blocks you from being able to prescribe. If you have those enabled elsewhere, Dose Spot can go in and like override that, but it gets like, sent to their IT department and it can take a few hours for them to like, flip the switch. And so the reason we were one, the reason we were asking that is so that we can then say, like, you know, okay, like, because of that, it might take a day for you to be able to start prescribing. Like, we wanted to give them that information, but then we also wanted to the next step, and I'll show you is like, do you want to move those capabilities over to job psych? Because they can only live on one platform.
Becca Bressler: If they do want to move it over, we then have to send, like, a change of vendor request to their, like, support team. So it's like, for us. To know it'll trigger a message to us in our, like, customer support inbox.
Becca Bressler: Like, hey, this user wants to change a vendor request, so, like, then we have to kind of go submit it. Does that kind of make sense?
Jeremy Kanter: Yeah.
Becca Bressler: Like this would be like when someone like if they had it enabled elsewhere and the user logged in like this might actually be read to start until dose spot like flip the switch. Now the user is not seeing any of this. This is just our own sort of admin side. They can continue setup. It doesn't block them from setup. Like, they can go through the entire setup process. It's just literally about sending the prescription. They'll get blocked until this is this flip. This switch is flipped, if that makes sense.
Jeremy Kanter: Yeah. I guess I'm curious about the implications of that for. Someone. You know who has been using something different? Has whatever information that might live there, live there. And, like, if. They're new to jots, like it seems like that might be. Like a pretty. Like. Pretty big ask. Like a. Like a. Oh, I. I have to move everything over here. And maybe they, you know, maybe they know that, but maybe, like, you know, they don't have to, actually.
Becca Bressler: So, like. Well, and maybe this doesn't answer your question, but let me just kind of, like, go through the steps. You can say like yes. Yes, they have refills, interchange requests, heads up, because you have, you know, if they don't, there's no issue here. They can just proceed. If they do, it's like, heads up because you have refills, change requests on another platform. It typically takes about one business day. Would you like us to Transfer yes. Transfer, no. Keep on current platform basically. Also Jeremy like the answer here. I don't actually know how self serve works on other platform. So, like, we have, like, a limited type of integration. Some ehrs, you can do, like, everything in house, basically, without going to a different browser. I actually am not of the belief that like we should have a self serve. Option, given the type of integration we have. Like, I actually think it's possible that, like, this is too complicated and we should be onboarding people, given the level of integration we have, because it requires going to a different platform. A lot of people expect onboarding, like, that's pretty normal in this space for prescribing is like meeting with a salesperson. So the only reason I'm saying this is, like, I wouldn't overthink how to, like, If your instinct is, like, this is, like, way too much to ask of a user and, like, they're never going to do this, like, you might be totally right, but I would not, like. I don't know how to say what I'm trying to say. Like I wouldn't. I'm trying to figure out how to articulate this Anyways. Maybe I'm getting ahead of myself. Let's just, like, keep going, and then if you have, like, questions about this at the end, We can. We can. We can circle back to it. So I think I'm getting ahead of myself, but. So I'm going to say no, keep on the current platform. Please enter a valid. Also. Are you seeing my full window or just a table? Let's see. Window. There we go. Invalid zip code format. Okay, great. So then what we have here is like, the next step is identity proofing, and that happens outside of our platform. But the idea here was like, letting someone know what needs to happen, right? So, like, you have to complete identity proofing. What you'll need to do, you'll have to sign an agreement, verify identity. Wait for approval, et cetera. Then you like open Dosebot? And you see this? So I'm just going to, like, walk it. I'm going to walk through this with you. You have to complete an agreement. We did open my birthday in. Oh, I guess I worked. And then begin identity proofing. Now, what happens here is you have to put in a lot of information. For the identity proofing, and then you're going to get, like, a text message. So, crucially, this has to be your mobile number because, like, that's where you're going to get sent it. But let me, like, pull up this. Oh, yeah. Okay, so it has to be that.
Becca Bressler: This is where this long s zip code is necessary. My phone number. And then Social Security. Cool. Okay, so now what happens is I get a text. I got it on my computer without my cell phone. Hold on. So I get, like, a text. With a link, and it says, please click this link to continue identity proofing. Verify your identity. Let's get started. Just. I don't know if you can, like, see this. There's different steps. One of them is, like, select documents. You have to take a photo of your ID card. I'm using this, like, dummy card, so I'm going to capture a photo of it. But, like, our users would be doing this, like, for their. License. Capture back of the id card. Continue. Take a selfie. This part is like pretty self explanatory. Like, this is not confusing, but it can get confusing later in the workflow. So that's what we're going to walk through, all of it. But so like, once you do all that, Thank you for submitting. Success. So. Okay, so this is how I like get in here. Now, if you can set. If you can prescribe controlled substances. There is another two factor authentication process that needs to happen. And. Like the thing is, is. It's really confusing how to do that. Like, in the dose spot ui, you're supposed to get some type of notification that says, like, outstanding Two factor authentication. Sometimes we have to trigger it because it's not showing up or the user has to, like, refresh. And none of our users refresh ever, so like, you would not see this. So part of that is why, like, when you go back here, we wanted to, like, explain that there's another step, right? So, like, if you go back, it's like, identity proofing is complete.
Becca Bressler: One more step to factor authentication. If it's already open, close, and reopen, it's basically so that it, like, refreshes.
Jeremy Kanter: Yeah, we nail at this point that they have. Opted into. Controlled substances and that the verification is complete, but it doesn't include that step.
Becca Bressler: Yeah. So if you did not say, like, I prescribe controlled substances and enter a DEA number, like, you would never see something like this. Is that kind of your question or. I don't.
Jeremy Kanter: I think. Yeah. Yeah. Basically just like the. That. That this is based on the actual state and dose spot and not like an educated guess based on they came back here, right?
Becca Bressler: It should be, yes. So like, let's presume that it is. Yeah. But I'm not actually sure, and it's a great question. Okay, so once you've done that, then, you know, you'll get this. Thing complete TFA action. So one of the, like, biggest challenges as I see it. Is this process is super confusing because you get two text messages and it's very unclear when to move on to the second. Like, you'll sort of, like, get to the conclusion of the first one and be like, wait, what do I do? Do I press this? Do I press this? Do I press this? And the answer when you're onboarding someone is like, okay, go to your second text. You know, and so it's just, like, really tricky. So, like, I'm just going to walk through it. So send me duo activation to. I have no idea. Like. Okay? This shouldn't happen. I don't even know how to, like, address this. Because it is supposed to be my phone number because. I. Wonder if it's, like, because of where. All right, this is concerning, but it's like a staging problem, I'm sure. Basically, the next step, as I mentioned, is you get two texts. The first one is, like, downloading this, like, duo. Thing. Once you download it, you sort of get to a spot where it's like, yeah, this sucks. I wish I could show you. I'll send you a video of onboarding a user if you, like, want to scrub through this part of the process, because you can, like, watch it. But you get, like, two texts. You then have to, like, get code from your phone, like, put the code back in.
Jeremy Kanter: Yeah.
Becca Bressler: And then, like, crucially, after you set this up, Dose spot doesn't have like a central command where you can be like in do spot and like type in your patient and find your patient. Like, any way that you can access your patient's like prescribe prescription, like history or anywhere you would like. If you, Jeremy, were like coming in for medication management and I wanted to prescribe you something. I could not go into dose spot itself and be like, okay, Jeremy, canture and, like, pull up your profile and do it. The only way to do it is through job psych. So what I would actually have to do is create a patient. And then. So this.
Becca Bressler: I can't do it now because I haven't done the two factor authentication, but let me, like, log into a different account that can do this. Hold on. This account information. So the way that I would have to prescribe is. I would have to go. So Rowena is someone who's already been set up. And so I can prescribe, and what would happen is, like, I hit prescribe. And it opens her profile like this.
Becca Bressler: And then I, like, can, like, do all the steps. If I don't have that set up, though. And I wanted to prescribe. There's, like, a connect process. So then I have to go, like, connect to E prescription. I have to, like, put in all of your information. And then connect the patient, and then it will launch me into. This basically. And however it's done. It will link you like. If you've seen a different prescriber and have like the same information, maybe it's linked by phone number, first name, last name or birthday. It I can get your medication history even if I didn't prescribe it to you. Like, it's you're not kind of starting from scratch. You're like, suddenly in this profile of, like, this person. And you can see their, like, current. Like, you can see their insurance information. You can see, you know, so, but, like, that is how you would be prescribing. And, like, none of that is obvious from, like, our onboarding from this, like, you know. Yeah.
Jeremy Kanter: I have a couple questions. So since this just when I, when I go to prescribe, it just takes me to do a spot, is it also possible for me to just have do a spot open in another window and do it in there and then it's going to sync back to here?
Jeremy Kanter: Or does it have to come from here?
Becca Bressler: It has to come from there because there's no, like, Central Command for your Dose Spot account. That lets you? If I'm understanding like your question. There's no way to, like, search for the patient in do spot and pull it up. Okay.
Jeremy Kanter: Okay.
Becca Bressler: And that's not, like, something. That we didn't build but could have. We're not capable. They, like, won't let it. You know, we can't do it basically, based on the level of integration that we have with them, like, and the type of vendor they are, that's just, like, not a possibility. So you have to access it through the patient through either, you know, and theoretically, like, you could access it through the patient page. Ideally, what's supposed to happen if you attach a patient is like, you can. I don't know why you can't now, but, like, ideally, you're supposed to be able to, like, be able to prescribe it from this page, you know, in a future world. Ideally, you could prescribe from this page. So, like, whenever you're, like, with a patient, we want to give you that access. But there's no central command, so, like, yeah, that. That would be how it has to happen. Does that answer your question?
Jeremy Kanter: Yes. I had another question, which is like, Definitely good to know that it, like, pulls all your, like, all the history. And I think what I was asking about earlier was like, like, what does that portability, like, generally they look like for these sorts of tools? Like, you know, once it's in dose spot, I guess, like my question is still kind of like if I. And maybe this is. Not a typical scenario, but, like is like, you know. If I'm new on the on the jot psych platform.
Jeremy Kanter: And things are going okay, but I'm not, like, you know, I'm not like, oh, this is here. Right then. But I do want to, like, test out. The. Those spot stuff. Is there a point in this process where I'm going to be, like, having reservations because of having to move everything to do spot? And being worried about if it doesn't go well, if I want to go back to my old platform. I'm like, I'll lose a bunch of information. Is it going to be able to. Am I going to be able to port it back to whatever I was using before? Is that like.
Becca Bressler: Yeah, that's a really good question. And it might be like, I haven't heard that from a user that I've onboarded. And what I actually don't know is, like, what their expectation is of these tools. Like, most of them might be familiar enough and have switched, like most people have. Unless you're a new clinician, you've probably been on at least two of these in your career. You've switched jobs, you've gone solo. So they may already kind of like have in their mental model that, like, you can switch between the two and information is going to persist. One thing that we haven't built but like people expect is being able to pull that information back into the job site profile. So, ideally, like, once you prescribe medication, It would show up in their profile as like, because the.
Jeremy Kanter: The history is over there, but when you link, it doesn't come back over here.
Becca Bressler: Yes. And people might not actually expect the medication history to be in here if it's, like, not stuff you prescribe, because medication history is not just like, what you prescribe them, but it's like, what they're, what their, like, general practitioner might have prescribed them.
Becca Bressler: Like, it might be an antibiotic that they got prescribed at urgent care. Like, it's really, like, a history of just medications across the board that were prescribed. But what users do expect is, like, I'm prescribing Alfred today, like, lamotrigine. I expect. And like, for the first time, let's just say, like, he. I'm. They would expect to go to dose spot. Prescribe indoor spot and then come back to this profile. And it would say like lamotrigine, 150mg start date today. Like dosage. Like we haven't built that like two way sync, but that's kind of like ideally what. What they would expect. I don't think that was your question.
Jeremy Kanter: Okay. Yeah. Sorry. Okay, so if I. If. If you do this right now, it's not going to show back up there, is it? There's just a delay for it to get back over.
Becca Bressler: Or like, we haven't built it. Like, we like, they're like web hosts and like API stuff or whatever, and we just, like, when we were building the minimum of this, we just didn't build that part of the software.
Jeremy Kanter: Okay, so when does stuff show up in this list?
Becca Bressler: Manually. If clinicians, like, put stuff in this list, like, they could then come here and also, like, add it, basically.
Jeremy Kanter: So that's what that the add button.
Jeremy Kanter: Is now I have to bookkeep whatever I put in to do. It interesting.
Becca Bressler: Yeah. Which is, like, not the end state of this. But like an ehr. Like, this is what it would do, basically. Like an actual ehr. I don't know if, like, having all the details is just, like, helpful for you when thinking about onboarding, but I would try not to get, like, too hung up on some of these details just for the sake of, like, not overwhelming you. And then also, like, the speed of put, like, you know, I don't. That, like, it should do that, and it doesn't. And so it's just, like, don't kind of worry about this.
Becca Bressler: I mean, maybe that you'll need to, like, put on this page to be, like, in order to prescribe. Like, this is what you're going to have to do. Or, you know, like, maybe, but. But I don't actually think you should worry about that part of the flow in this project. If I'M being honest, like, if. Do you know what I mean?
Jeremy Kanter: Yeah, I. A lot of this is just like, you know, I'm imagining if we continue working together, this is stuff that I would like.
Becca Bressler: Yeah, yeah.
Jeremy Kanter: And I think there are parts where I'm like, okay, like, if. If the onboarding reaches this page, like, do we need to explain that? You know, connect and adding on, you know, prescribing on no spot is not going to, you know, put it in this list. And adding is a different thing that you do. If you're going to keep track of that all here. Yeah, I'm kind of. I know we're, like. We're definitely, like, on the fringes of, like, what is relevant to, like, this exact project, but I'm still, like, very curious. Not, like, how all this works.
Becca Bressler: I'm, like, super happy to answer any of your questions. I just kind of don't. Want you, like, expectation. I don't want you to. I don't want there to be, like, this scope creep where, like, suddenly you think you have to be, like, delivering this part of the onboarding experience. So, I mean, I do think there's probably a. Like, once you've set up, there's like a. Here's how you prescribe, and maybe it's like a modal, and it, like, you know, you step through and it walks you through these. But I wouldn't, like, think about this. Project as, like, okay, suddenly now I need a version of the patient page that, like, shows me. You know what I mean?
Jeremy Kanter: Unless it takes you there.
Becca Bressler: Unless it takes you there. But I just want you to think that's, like, a part of the expectation, necessarily.
Jeremy Kanter: Yeah, yeah, that. That makes sense. But I appreciate you walking me through it anyway.
Becca Bressler: Yeah, yeah, for sure. Yeah. Happy to answer any questions. I just kind of want. Don't want it to be overwhelming. Do you have any other questions about this setup? And. Yeah. So once you connect a patient, then you're, like, kind of off to the races.
Jeremy Kanter: I think. I don't think any. Any questions at the moment. Yeah, I'll let you know if I think of anything.
Becca Bressler: I'm actually like, I'm actually kind of rethinking this in real time, and I'm wondering if it makes sense. To the EHR chrome extension from the project. And. Actually have you see this one through? Like, maybe the full start to end deliverable is the E prescription, which would involve. The patient setup and, like, education around patient setup. And maybe that would involve actually looking at the patient page. But if where I'm going to ask you to do that, like I'll cut out the EHR extension piece of the project. HR chrome extension. I'm just kind of thinking about this in real time. Yeah, because, like, once you onboard. How about we do that, Jeremy? Because I do think that's, like, a part of the education here, right? It's not just onboarding. It's like, how do you use this? And, like, what should you expect about how it works? So I think that I'd like to. Just, like, cut out. I mean, if you can get to it, like, great. But what I would say is, like, prioritize the full E prescription flow, including patient onboarding, education.
Jeremy Kanter: Okay? Yeah, I mean, like. One of the things we talked Alfred and I talked about on the last call, like, after you left, was like, you know, one way to go about this is take the most complicated. Feature setup process that you have, and if we cover all the basis for that, Then most of the other things are going to be.
Jeremy Kanter: To be honest, like, like. My preferred approach would be to, like, really, like, examine all of it and have a good sense of, like, what the spectrum of complexity is. And, like, make sure that we're not going to miss edge cases by doing it that way. But generally, like, if you cover the most complicated thing, then it's a little bit easier. Promote the design and engineering standpoint to be taking things out to simplify for, you know, less complicated versions. Happy to. You know, let's do that.
Becca Bressler: Let's. Let's cut the chrome extension. Let's just really dive into this one, which would include, like, the patient setup, education piece of it. And one thing that would be actually cool as a part of the patient education is for you to design the flow, presuming that medication gets pulled back into the patient chart and shows up in the note. So it doesn't. But that's kind of like the end state of this feature. And. But. And so maybe, actually, it'd be cool to see this, like, presuming that. The case.
Jeremy Kanter: Would that include the. New medication and medication history or just medication?
Becca Bressler: Yeah, okay.
Jeremy Kanter: O. Kay.
Becca Bressler: And, and, yeah, and like, crucially, what we're telling people is, like, it's not just on your patient page, but it also is in your note. Like, your clinical documentation medication section has your, like, you know, if you've stopped a prescription in dose spot, your note now knows that it's been like, you know, I don't think disabled is the word that people use, but like Mark, you know, discontinued or something like that, but.
Jeremy Kanter: Sorry. Can you, like, demonstrate what you mean by that? I feel like I have a, like. Decent mental model of, like, what it means to, like, hold a patient in the system. But, like, notes, I'm still, like, a little bit.
Becca Bressler: Yeah, yeah, totally. So, like, these notes and apologies if I'm, like, giving you more information you need. But, like, a clinician goes in and they have, like, an encounter with their. Patient. And our note is, like, putting all of that transcript through, like, a bunch of prompts for, like, how to interpret that and put it into a clinical note. Among the things that clinicians need to, like, chart legally is, like, what they're prescribing. When they're prescribing it. Why they're prescribing it. If they discontinue it. And, like, they just need to have, like, an incredibly robust, like, timeline history picture of what they're prescribing. And why? And so these notes for prescribers, like Art, will have a medication. Section. And so I think, like, a clinician would expect that information not just to, like, live in the patient's profile, but to be, like, updated in the note itself. But you know what Jeremy like. You know, kind of happen. It kind of depends on if it's happening before the note is generated or not, now that I'm thinking about it.
Jeremy Kanter: Yeah, I was kind of. I was curious about what you met with, the timing of that. Because, like, you know, presumably, like, the, you know, we're in an encounter, I tell my patient, We're going to prescribe you this or whatever. And then I'm probably not on dose spot at that moment doing it. Later. How does it associate that with the note?
Becca Bressler: Yeah, it's a good. It's a really good point. Clinicians typically describe or prescribe during the encounter. Like, they're like opening their ehr. They're like hitting prescribed, like in the middle of the. That's super, super common. But maybe don't worry about the note for the purpose of this, but maybe in the education piece, it's like we pull back, you know, two way sync, like what you prescribe into a spot, like comes back to your patient profile and it also comes back into your note. Comes back into your note might mean. Your next note. You know, like, in practice, it might mean, like, the next time you see the patient. We have the context of what you prescribed last time, and so that's in here. But, like, I would just say, like, think about it more from, like, an education standpoint that, like, I'm a prescriber. I prescribe this medication for this patient, and I expect that, like, in this note, it knows that, like, I don't have to, you know?
Jeremy Kanter: Okay? Is there? I mean, my, like. I'm sure this, again, is, like, not super relevant to this project, but, like. Like. Could. Could there be, I don't know, like. Like I'm going back in. I'm looking at the previous nodes for the patient. Could there be just like a. A note type that is auto generated by. The spot. OR$X, you know, and, and that is the, like, this prescription actually occurred.
Jeremy Kanter: And it hopefully the note above that has, you know, we talked about them described during this visit and then.
Becca Bressler: Here's say about this. This is like a super complex thing because one clinicians like have different preferences about what is in their medication section, you know, like. And so that's why we haven't or don't like structure it really rigorously in like structured. And the way that the data currently, some of it is also like currently because people don't. How do I put this? Actually, currently, the medication stuff in the patient's profile does not come into the note. Like, the only medication that you see in the note right now is because we're capturing it from the audio. And the way that we are, like, storing medication data right now is so messy because there are a lot of things to keep in mind. There's, like, the medication history. That you need to have in the note. Because. You know, there's this. There's this thing, like. Called, like, medical decision making that, that clinicians have to have in their notes, which is like, You need to be able to, like, justify why they're prescribing a thing that they're prescribing. And sometimes you can actually only prescribe certain medications if you've tried at least two others of that class of medication. Like, it's really expensive. Like, insurance don't cover it otherwise, you know, so all to say, people have a bunch of different preferences about how medication information is structured in their clinical documentation. And the way that we do it is really, really messy. And it will be a very. It will be kind of complicated figuring out what to do with, like, how we're doing it once. We have, like, structured data from Dose spot, right? Like, that is a source of truth. That's like step. That's, like, different than, like, transcript information that, like, LLMs are like, parsing through, you know, like, it's not. We're not perfect at it. Like, people in their notes all the time are. Like, wait, what's this medication doing in here? I didn't. I didn't prescribe that. Or, like, wait, I discontinued that two weeks ago, but it's showing as active in this note. Like, it's a very, like, messy thing right now. Does that kind of, like, so I would almost not even, like, worry. I would, like, pretend in the most simplest form, like. You know the medication you prescribe? Is in your clinical note, as you know. I don't know. I don't know if this is helpful or not, but I'm just, like, kind of trying to keep you from, like, falling too far down this rabbit hole, because it's really complicated.
Jeremy Kanter: Yeah. It's helpful. No, like, for sure. Like, helpful for me to, like, understand, like, how this works. I'm kind of just like. And I know, like, I'm. I don't know. Now I'm, like, hung up on, like, like. Oh, like, the problem of, like, how do you reconcile the transcribes? What gets put in this medication thing with what actually happened on those spot and. Ideally have those two things.
Becca Bressler: Oh, you cut out.
Jeremy Kanter: The note. Oh, sorry.
Becca Bressler: Oh, no. Sorry. You're now back. You're now back.
Jeremy Kanter: Okay? Yeah, I was just saying, I was like. Like, I'm probably, like, over fixating on this problem of, like, how do you reconcile the transcription and what actually happens in no spot. And maybe that's not, like, super important at this exact moment, but I'm like. I would. I'm glad I know about it. Yeah. I don't know what else I can really, like, say about it at the exact moment.
Becca Bressler: No, no, that's okay. I guess what I would say to you is, like, I mean, part of it is a really big engineering problem. Some of it is, like, we just don't know. It's a research. Question, like, what do users actually really expect? And we don't have an good answer to that question, which we need before we, like, change the way this works. And I would. But, like, ultimately, like, all of that, it should be abstracted from our users, right? Like, the only thing the users care about is that it's right, you know, and how we get it to a place where it's right, like, is kind of, like, our problem, but, like, the users, like, shouldn't even be thinking about, like, oh, but I said this in the session, but I prescribed it. You know what I mean? So it's a real problem. But, like, I would try, like, not. Yeah, just kind of. Yeah. Not. Not thinking too hard about it because you get lost in there.
Jeremy Kanter: Okay. Excellent.
Becca Bressler: How does that. Feel like. Do you have other questions I can answer?
Jeremy Kanter: I. I'm sure I'll have questions. Once I, like, type into it a little bit more. One of these icons. In the corner next to the patient name. Is one of those is related to medications, right?
Becca Bressler: Yeah, it's this. Anya, or the other designer we work with is kind of doing a pass on this right now. But. Yeah. So actually, like, you could even slack her if you're wanting to, like, use these patterns or something like that. Or like, or this icon, like, she might have already picked a different icon for it today. Is that why you're asking, though? Sorry? Just to know what.
Jeremy Kanter: No, I wanted to know, like, what that does. Like, what is the. Like, what is that information? It's showing there. Is that from dope spot? Is that from the patient profile?
Becca Bressler: So nothing is in from Dosebot because we haven't built that. Connection yet, like, back into our system.
Jeremy Kanter: Right, Right.
Becca Bressler: This is like a mirror image of. This. So it's just like a different. Oh, my God. It's just like a different. Or Alfred's not going to have it. Or is he? It's a different view of that. But you can also, like.
Jeremy Kanter: I can add from there.
Becca Bressler: Oh, I can just like all of that functionality. It's just like, you know, it's just meant to be like a. Quick reference point for, you know, like, oh, I want to remember what medication this person on instead of scrolling down to the medication section, you know?
Jeremy Kanter: Yeah, okay. I had a question. Oh, and so wait, can you pull out up the. Well, sorry. And then the edit. Sorry. This. Yeah, yeah. If Alphred were connected, would there also be a link to Dose Spot? Is there any link directly from here to Dose Spotters?
Becca Bressler: Yeah, there's not currently. Like, ideally there is. Like, ideally, you could, like, prescribe from this page whether it's through here and yeah, maybe it would be, like, literally right here. Like prescribe button or something like that, but currently the. Currently that doesn't exist.
Jeremy Kanter: Is this the state of the page? I'm trying to, like, imagine, like, the. Like the in encounter experience. Like, do I have this page open or do I have the recording version of this page open? So different clinicians do it differently.
Becca Bressler: Some people have them in two separate tabs. And they might have this. And. Because what they'll have is the previous note. Like, they can't have the current note because it's recording. You know, it hasn't been. But some clinicians are looking at the past note during their encounter. Some clinicians are doing that and. Or on this page, like, typing additional notes in the notes box. Like, looking at the last encounter here, you know, so they're kind of in both places. And crucially, to, like, reiterate, they do prescribe in session. Like, pretty much every prescriber, like, sends the prescription while you're on the call.
Jeremy Kanter: Yeah. I know this is important, but, like, to. To do that. Is there. Is there a way to do that straight from the screen, or do they have to go through the patient screen to do that?
Becca Bressler: There's, like, supposed to be. And I don't know why it's not here. Like, there is. It is you. Are supposed to be able to do it from this page.
Jeremy Kanter: Sorry. What's the. What? What's the. The button. That's the cross. That's next to the pill bottle. That's not the pill bottle. Medications and then diagnose.
Becca Bressler: Yeah, like this. This doesn't. Yeah.
Jeremy Kanter: Yeah, these are. These are all. Okay? Okay? Okay? I don't have any. I don't know if I. Yeah.
Becca Bressler: I do just want to, like, say, in addition to just, like, focusing on this, diving deep into this, it would be awesome to get, like, another version of the clinician plan page where, you know, just, like, factoring in some of the notes I gave you at the beginning. Hopefully that's, like, not super time intensive, but. I think it would be like. I think the team would love to see, like, another version of, like, that screen in particular.
Jeremy Kanter: Like the practice management, the members specifically like
Becca Bressler: when you select a member, the page or your like, you know, figuring out, selecting or editing that clinician's plan.
Jeremy Kanter: Gotcha. Okay?
Becca Bressler: And think about that page is not just something a practice manager is going to go to one time when they're, like, setting up that clinician, but, like, they might return two to edit too, you know, Right?
Jeremy Kanter: So okay. So one. One thing that seems like, you know, a potential pain point that I was interested in, like, looking at was, like, Like, if there is a larger practice, is there a way to sort of, like, Bash some of these steps so that I am, you know, at some point in the process of setting up DotRx for my practice. Being like, and I'm going to add it for these three clinicians or whatever, as opposed to, like, having to go through and, like, do it once, go back, do it once, do it back.
Becca Bressler: I think that would be ideal, like, how being able to do both. Right? Because you might want to, like, edit one per, like, oh, this person. I'm adding it to this person's plan. But I do think the ideal user experience allows a setup where you can add it to multiple accounts at once.
Jeremy Kanter: Okay. And are there. Is there anything. Any, like, really tricky, sticky points around that, that I would. I would need to know about going in or, like, what do you mean by tree? I don't know it. Like, is there anything, like. Is there anything technically where it was like. Well, we. We didn't do that at the beginning because there's this one part that just because of the API has to be done in or something like, I don't know. Is there like, we're just, like, an amount of information that needs to be.
Becca Bressler: Yeah.
Jeremy Kanter: Individualized that, like, makes it super complicated. I don't know. I'm like, no.
Becca Bressler: I mean, there's no reason why a clinician should not be able to add Javr X to multiple people's plans now, like, you know, they can't, like, batch. Create clinician accounts because they have to do that. You know, they have to do that on their own.
Becca Bressler: But no, I just think it was like, Yeah. The story of how we got to where we are is not super interesting, but, like.
Becca Bressler: I think that ultimately that's something that we could do and should. Should do, and it wouldn't be too hard, like, as a backend thing.
Jeremy Kanter: Okay.
Becca Bressler: I think the biggest like, this from, like, a UX perspective, the thing we're worse at with or like, one of the biggest problems with it is, like, it's just not clear that you're, like, paying, you know, like, you know, when you go through and you like addrx to plan it. Like, says $69 a month, but you say, like, it says, like, save changes, which is not, like, we're about to charge your account and $70 a month. You know what I mean? So. But that's not what you were asking for. But I do just kind of want to call that out, even though. It's probably obvious, but yeah.
Jeremy Kanter: That brings up a question which is like, when does the. When, when does that charge actually happen? Is that. Does that happen on, like, a. You have a monthly drilling cycle and it happens on the next cycle, or like, is the car charged immediately? And then.
Becca Bressler: Yeah, it's a great question. Card is not charged immediately.
Becca Bressler: It is attached to the next billing cycle. One of the things that comes up is like, it's attached to the next billing cycle plus your like back charged for whatever portion of the last billing cycle you're like using it. So.
Becca Bressler: So like, if I actually buy Jotrx a day after I pay for that, month's subscription. My next bill is going to look like two charges, basically, you know, and that's going to be, like, alarming, probably. And I'm not going to, like, put it together that, like, oh, it's because I wasn't charged immediately for it last time. But that. So. So that is something where it's like, maybe we actually want to show people, like, what their next bill is going to look like. It's not just like, this is your new plan price, but, like, next month you're going to see this because of this, so.
Jeremy Kanter: Interesting.
Becca Bressler: Like that is for engineering reasons.
Jeremy Kanter: Yeah. Does it get prorated if I sign up in the middle of the month and then I, you know, I pay for it for two weeks, or am I paying for the month like I was?
Becca Bressler: How's that prorated?
Jeremy Kanter: It's just two weeks.
Becca Bressler: I said two months. I said it would look like two months. If you're buying it, like, the day after your billing, like, effectively, you've got it for two months. But, yeah, it's prorated. It's prorated.
Jeremy Kanter: Yeah, okay. I mean, let's. That's, like, interesting, too, because it's like, there's no. Like, I at least didn't see any indication of that, but that's like a. Like a. Oh, are we good to sign up for this right now, or should we just wait until next month? Like, situations, but.
Becca Bressler: Like you can start using it immediately, but you're not going to get charged to your next billing cycle, basically.
Jeremy Kanter: Right? Right. Okay.
Becca Bressler: Yeah.
Jeremy Kanter: And then it was so.
Becca Bressler: I think.
Jeremy Kanter: My other questions were just going to be around kind of like the, you know, timeline and deliverables, like, I guess. Like, when do you want to see stuff and what level of fidelity I do have, like. Some things I really need to get to, like, these next few days before the week is over to jots, like. And so I want to, you know, make sure that expectations are.
Becca Bressler: Yeah. Sure, sure. So, like, what we want to see is, like, the full flow, like, for this E prescription thing in the different states. And, like, obviously part of, like, our evaluate and, like, we. And things that, like, we could hand to engineers like Alfred and he could do so, like, a higher level of fidelity. And what you've shown so far, which I think makes sense because you were, like, moving fast and showing us, like, early work. So, like, here's. I would think about the end of Friday as, like, not, like, here's how far I got, but, like, here's the whole thing and. Obviously, you're going to, like, make choices based on, like, how far you. How, like, how far you can go, but. How do I put this? Like, we want to see the whole thing, like, end to end. And I know that that's, like, two days. And because speed is, like, such a big thing here, as we're, like, working with designers and stuff like that. And, like, learning. Yeah, Just trying to find a good fit. Like, what we are evaluating this project on is, like, what can you do in a week? Basically, you know, just to be, like, super transparent about that. And. Yeah. And it doesn't have to be super high fidelity. Like, maybe I. I don't know, I could even, like, pull up your project and be like, what would. That mean? I mean, I think. Like, iconography that makes sense, right? For, like, E Prescription, for instance, and, like, imagery that looks more like our jot psych profile than like, maybe, you know, I don't know if you. What you have access to or as far as, like, what. There's, like, new brand patterns. That are being created. I wonder if I could send your way, if that'd be helpful. I need to look for those or ask Adam, one of my colleagues, where it is. But, yeah, tell me what you're like. I don't feel like I gave you, like, a great answer. I'm kind of just, like, rambling a little bit. But, yeah, like, part of. Part of the evaluation is like, we. Want to see if, like, you can get this done and deliver it in a week. And it doesn't have to be super high fidelity. Like, I can. I don't know if you've seen Anya's designs. Like, some artists might not consider those high fidelity designs, some might consider them medium fidelity designs, but. Like, to us. That's, like, totally good and more than enough as, like, a reference. But, yeah, does that make sense?
Jeremy Kanter: Yeah, I think I hear you on what you're looking for and what the timeline is. Just. I'm really not sure that. I can accomplish that by the end of tomorrow. We're already halfway through today. Have felt so far that, like, kind of. Everything I've worked on. I'm kind of like priming for the tests, right? And. The higher fidelity we get, I feel like the more time I need to take to actually think about how things are going to work.
Becca Bressler: Yeah.
Jeremy Kanter: Well, then I'm not going to have this. This done tomorrow.
Jeremy Kanter: I'm just going to be able to.
Becca Bressler: Don't index towards, like, higher fidelity, then I would say, like, I would, like, pay attention to the different states, which, by which I mean, you know, like, one of the things you showed us was, like, a three stepper situation.
Becca Bressler: Which, like, makes sense if I can, like, sign myself up for a complicated thing, but, like, what the next phase of this would look like is, like, through those complicated steps, What does a clinician see on their page if they don't have. If they don't have purchasing power over this. Right, but, like, need to complete a setup. I mean, you know, like, I don't. Yeah. I don't want to, like, steer you too far into, like. They have to, like, look this high fidelity, you know? Or like, look.
Jeremy Kanter: Yeah. Like, I guess what I would say to that is that, like, the, you know, fidelity is not necessarily what, like, takes.
Becca Bressler: Takes a lot of time.
Jeremy Kanter: Yeah.
Jeremy Kanter: You mentioned what I just shared did not exist in some form as, like, wireframe boxes. And then I went in and did another pass. I'm like, you know, brought it. Up to a certain level of fidelity, like when I'm, like, building that thing. Like, I need to see how things are going to work, how it's going to look and be able to tell that story. To myself so that I know it's going to communicate to the rest of the team.
Jeremy Kanter: And so, you know, there's not like, sort of like, It's not easy for me to, like, cut out. Some part at the end where I make things less blurry, right? Like, it's. It's like, you know, I need to, like. Understand how it's actually going to be able to use it to a certain level of, like, fidelity.
Becca Bressler: Yeah.
Jeremy Kanter: Like, I think another challenge is, like, I like. The. You know, I. I see what you know, how inus files are set up, and that's a totally valid way to work. Like, I know the company. Linear. I don't know if you're familiar with it. They're very highly regarded. They work in the same way where they're just like. You know, chopping up screenshots and stuff like that. Like. You know, be making use of that. What are you talking about? I don't think that's going to speed me up. I actually think that's going to slow me down in some cases, like taking me a lot longer to do what I did. For this part of the project, this last part of the project. If I done it that way, would it take me a lot longer than what I just did, which was just draw some really simple shapes, like, everywhere, right?
Becca Bressler: At all about. Like what? Is the best, like, process for you, you know, like, because I hear you like, me saying low fidelity. It seems like less work for you. You're like, that's not less work at all. I'm just saying, like. Maybe another way of framing it is like would love to see. End to end in, like, whatever state makes sense to you, like, that feels, like, achievable, you know, and, like, if you're making, like, trade offs or, like, scope cuts, like, just communicating that, you know.
Jeremy Kanter: Yeah.
Becca Bressler: Like, maybe the scope cut is, like, I actually couldn't get to the patient education part of this. The, like, how do you actually use this for a particular patient? But, like, that's what I would have done next. You know what I mean? Like, if you. Does that make sense?
Jeremy Kanter: Like. Like. Are you saying you want to see something tomorrow? In whatever state it's in, however far I've gotten it. Is that the. The idea?
Becca Bressler: Yeah. Or like, by end of day, like, I mean, realistically, what we would be looking at it, like, by the end of the day or Monday morning. Yeah. I mean, maybe the better way of putting this is, like, we'd really, like, love to see, like, the whole thing, but, like, what that's going to mean in practice is how far you can take it. Right?
Jeremy Kanter: Like, because.
Becca Bressler: Because some of this is also just about, like, this isn't really. You use the word test. And I totally understand why it would feel that way. And, like, on some level is. But it's also just about, like, The way you work and the way that we work. And it is, like, totally valid if, like, what you need and, like, the time that you need to, like, feel like you can deliver good work on this project is just, like, not possible in the window that we are giving you. Like, but that's just, like, a learning. For both of us. You know what I mean?
Jeremy Kanter: Yeah. Like, I. I do just, like, want to be clear about that. Like, I, like, I understand, like, this is evaluation for both of us. And I. I just want to, like, you know, I'm looking at the things that I was going to try to accomplish. Today. Based on other things I need to get done, and the amount of, like, you know. The, the amount of hours that, like, we kind of agreed to at the outset versus what I've already put in this week and what I perceive as, like, the scope of this problem and how long it will actually take me to, like, complete what I need to complete. And I feel like that the other missing piece is kind of like the cramming for the test comment was also about, like. You know, we've kind of talked about, like, you know, we had that at the outset of the project, the outline of, like, what we were trying to, like, accomplish, right? I guess, like, a big question I should have asked at that point is like, is that what we're trying to accomplish this week, or is that what we're trying to accomplish this month? And I haven't had a whole lot of visibility into, like, what is the next step that you want me to take? Because I could have told you. On Monday that we weren't going to get here by Friday. Right? Like, yeah, but. But I didn't know that because I didn't know. I didn't know if this was the project for this week or if this is the project for this month. So I guess, like.
Becca Bressler: Yeah. Yeah. Can I share, Jeremy? How many hours have you worked on this project so far?
Jeremy Kanter: I haven't checked the last couple days. I mean, I was basically working on it all yesterday, and I know the half a day the other day. And another couple full days last week, basically. So what?
Becca Bressler: I don't actually know exactly what Nate. What the contract was, but when you were saying the hours where you agreed upon, we kind of talked about, like, 20 a week, right? And so is what you're saying. You feel like you've already hit 20 for this week? Is that kind of what you're saying?
Jeremy Kanter: I'm saying that I. I mean, let me. Sorry. I have, like, my thing that I can pull up. Yeah, like. Like I was Friday and Monday. I was working pretty much the whole day on these. And then that was in addition to, like, another full day, you know? At least last week before that, and then kind of halfway yesterday on this, you know, the time that we, you know, are in meetings. I'm not even really, like, yeah, you know, I'm counting, but, like, I'm not, like, factoring into that. So, like. Yeah, that's why. That's why I was like. Like, I'm happy to do, like, whatever hours because. This is, like, the most interesting thing I've got going on right now. Yeah. But, like, there are other things I need to, like, squeeze in here these next couple days and, you know, I don't know.
Becca Bressler: Can I. Can I, like, make a suggestion, actually? So I think what you're saying is, like, super fair and, like. Totally failed to set expectations at the front of, like, what we would be wanting to see in a week. I think. That, like, sort of just, like, transparency about everything that you're juggling is just, like, paramount, you know what I mean? And I think that, like, what would be a completely fair, in my view and, like, I will, like, own this with the team is like, hey, we discussed, like, 25 hours a week when we started. This based on, like, other things I'm juggling. In the future. Like, I could give more, but I didn't, you know?
Becca Bressler: Like, and, like, this is what 25 hours a week looks like for me. Do you know what I mean? Like, I've put in, you know, and, and, and that is, like, as far as you can take it in 25 hours, right? And, you know, like. Like in the future, if this is true, like, I can devote more time per week, but, like. But. Yeah, like, does. Does that kind of make. Does that make sense, what I'm saying?
Jeremy Kanter: Yeah, it sounds like you.
Jeremy Kanter: You want me to share what I have at the end of the day tomorrow. Along with the context of here are the amount of hours that you've done so far since I started. And this is where we're at.
Becca Bressler: Yeah, sure. And be like, like. You know, like. Like, can flesh out the, like, remaining pieces of this, like. In our, like, allotted time next week or something like that. Do you know what I mean? Do you know what I mean? Like, I. Yeah. Because, like, we don't have a lot of visibility into. Like what else you're juggling to. Right. Which is which? You are. You have other clients, and I just think that. You know, like, we shouldn't be evaluating this as, like, a 40 or 50 hour work week for you and, like, what you're able to, like, accomplish. So. Yeah. Does that kind of make, like.
Becca Bressler: Yeah, I mean, I think. I think, like, the. The takeaway here is, like, we would love to see, like, a beginning to end. You don't think that's possible given, like, time constraints, other things you're juggling? Like, I can't force you to deliver something. And, you know, and so I just think at the end of this project, like, you know, show us what you have. Please give context to the team around, like, you know, we had discussed 25 hours a week. This is what 25 hours a week looks like for me. Happy, like, to pick this back up next week to, like, finish this out, you know, and devote more time next week, if you. You know what I mean? Like, I. I don't want to put words in your mouth, but I think that. The more like, context also about what's, like, what you're juggling or, you know. Though. I'm not. I don't want to, like, give you advice to, like, be overly explanatory, because I also know how the team reacts to stuff like that. But, like, I just think, like, hey, we had discussed 25 hours a week. This is what 25 hours a week looks like for. For. Me.
Jeremy Kanter: Let's. Like here.
Becca Bressler: Here's. Here's how far I was able to get.
Jeremy Kanter: Yeah. I think, like, the only other comment I would make about that is just, like, based on the, you know, to go back to the cramming for the test comment is like, You know?
Jeremy Kanter: If we were out of. Trial, state, whatever we're calling this, right, like. The. You know, I would ideally not be cramming for the test at each stage of this, right? Like. Like, you know, so. Rry. You've calibrated that into it as well, where I'm like, you
Becca Bressler: know, I didn't totally understand what you're saying, so I just kind of want to cut you off before you keep going. Can you. Can you restate that one more time just to make sure I'm. Falling.
Jeremy Kanter: Yeah, like, I. I guess, like, another way to put it is like, I. The, you know, the pace of work that I've been doing this week. Is not, I don't think, indicative of like. What I would be doing. If the goal were not to hit certain deadlines, but to solve a certain problem, right? I think, like a really nice analogy. Like the other day. That was. I know you all. Like, Value seed. And this was in reference to kind of, like, the speed that's enabled by, like, AI tools and things like that. And what they said was like, you know, in reference to like the 10x engineer or whatever was like that. Even an F1 car slows down to minivan's deeds to go on a turn. And I feel like that's really applicable to, like, the work I do as a designer where, like, when a decision needs to be made, There's no amount of sort of like 10xing that, like, and I. Was through the last week that I've, like, ended up doing a lot of, like. Well, we're going to, like, really speed through the starting because, like, I don't have time to deliver what I've been asked to deliver. And really consider it to the level that I would typically consider it. So, like, I want to, like, give you that context as well, that, like, you know. That's another asterisk on the like what I'm delivering by tomorrow. Like, I, you know, I felt that we were, you know, kind of pushing through this to push through it, but that there's a lot that I would typically be spending more time on as designer to figure out before I, like, get to the points that I've gotten to.
Becca Bressler: Yeah. I mean, I guess what I'm hearing from that is, like, if I. I want you to be taking a consideration that if I have been given more time on this project, the output of my work would be a lot different, like, kind of fundamentally, is what you're saying. Right. And like, something that you would. Feel a lot better about.
Jeremy Kanter: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Becca Bressler: Yeah. No. I totally understand. And I think that's. I think the team understands that, like, with time, it is always going to be a lot better. No, no. Like, noted like that. That will, like, be in the room, too. I also recognize that. And I actually have to run in a second. But, like, these are challenging problems. There's a lot of context needed. And, like, even with this E prescription thing, like, we're talking about a lot of things, I think. Yeah. I don't think that, like, your work is being evaluated as, like, this is the best, like, design Jeremy can provide. I think it's like, here's what we can get in a tight amount of time, you know what I mean? So I don't know if that's, like, helpful or if that's even different than what you're already perceiving, but does that make sense?
Jeremy Kanter: Yeah. Yeah. I think it's just a difference of, like, you know. Here's how quickly I can move to hit, like, very specific milestones, as opposed to here's how quickly I would move if the goal were to solve a problem, as opposed to hit specific milestones every two days.
Becca Bressler: Yeah, totally. Yeah.
Jeremy Kanter: Okay, noted.
Becca Bressler: I. Yeah, I understand what you're saying. Yeah. Okay, got it. Yeah. Okay, well, like, hit me up if you have more questions. I feel. Like we've covered a lot of ground here. I mean.
Becca Bressler: Wait, give me one second. Actually, sorry. Hold on. It's like one more thing that I want to. Get to, like. So sorry. Just give me one second.
Jeremy Kanter: Of course.
Becca Bressler: That's not what I want. I hate Google Meet so much. How the hell do you get to, like, Meeting participants in this,
Jeremy Kanter: I think in the upper right corner.
Becca Bressler: Back to tab. Oh, okay.