Emily Kaiser: Hi there.
Edita Bay: Hi. How are you?
Emily Kaiser: I'm good. How are you?
Edita Bay: My name is Edith. How are you doing today?
Emily Kaiser: I'm good.
Edita Bay: It's nice to meet you, Edith.
Emily Kaiser: My name is Emily.
Edita Bay: Hi, Emily. So I thought I signed up for jot site for my new job and I use my personal email to sign up, but my job wants me to use the job email in order so they can pay for my membership. So I was booked this appointment so you can switch over. So I try to use a job email, but. Oh, the phone number is already registered so I cannot access it.
Emily Kaiser: I see. Okay.
Emily Kaiser: So, unfortunately, I don't believe that we're able to SW. Your email. You would have to create a new account now.
Edita Bay: I did. I did, because I'm using the same phone number. That phone number. We already have records of that phone number, so I can't.
Emily Kaiser: Okay, I understand. So you. You are trying to create a new account, but your phone number is blocking you from doing that. Okay. Okay, let me see here. So tell me a little bit. The practice you work for now, are they. Do they pay for everybody individually?
Edita Bay: Yes.
Emily Kaiser: Okay, let me see here. I'm just going to try to find that. What is the practice name?
Edita Bay: Mira Vista Behavioral Health.
Emily Kaiser: Can you say that one more time?
Edita Bay: Mira Vista. M R. M I R A Vista V I S T A Behavioral health Center.
Emily Kaiser: Okay, I found you right here. Let me see here. And how long have you guys been using Jot Psych?
Edita Bay: I don't know. I'm a new hire, so I don't know how long they've been using it.
Emily Kaiser: Okay. Are you liking your position there?
Edita Bay: I haven't because of this. Because tomorrow I'm going to start really using it. So I want to make sure I can. I can connect and start using it. I don't want to say, oh, now I don't. I can't log in, and I don't want to have excuses. So.
Emily Kaiser: Yeah, you don't want to mess up all that. I totally understand.
Edita Bay: I've used it once and I like it so far.
Emily Kaiser: Good, good, good. I'm glad to hear that. So. I am. I personally don't believe that I can change, you know, the setting for your phone number. I'm just trying to see here. I'm navigating some pages behind the scene to see if I can, um. I'm sorry. Bear with me here.
Edita Bay: Sure.
Emily Kaiser: I just want to make sure we do this correctly because I don't want to mess up anything. So is this your first. How long have you been using Jot Psych then? You. Have you.
Edita Bay: I. I used it on the trial. I haven't written a note in my name, but the people who are training me, they show me how to use it.
Emily Kaiser: Okay. All right, let me see here. And, Edith, how do I spell your last name?
Edita Bay: B as in boy, A as in Apple, Y I G as in girl, and A as in Apple.
Emily Kaiser: Okay. So I am in your, you know, your behind the scenes profile here, seeing so you just to confirm you are attempting to create a new account but you have not been able to be successful yet due to the phone number, correct?
Edita Bay: Yes.
Emily Kaiser: Okay. Okay. So I believe that I have to do something behind the scenes here to basically free up your phone number so you can create a new account. But I am not exactly sure how to do that, to be honest with you. So. But I know the person who does, so I will reach out to them. Would you prefer that I give you a call or a text message to let you know that this has been done?
Edita Bay: A text message? Because sometimes I miss the phone calls. The text messages always come through.
Emily Kaiser: Okay, no problem. So let me handle this on the back end with someone from our internal team. If for some reason more information is needed, I'll give you a call.
Emily Kaiser: If you don't answer, that's totally fine. I can leave you and you can call me whenever is best for you. But you can also text. We can text back and forth on the number that I'll reach out on. So I will give you an update once I have this solved for you. But while I have you on the phone, it sounds like it's been a while since you used psych. Correct. When's the last time you had a trial?
Edita Bay: My trial expired. I've never really used it in my account. Like I said, I know how to navigate because they were training me. Whoever was training me had access, so I know how to kind of use it. But now tomorrow I'm going to be on my own. I need to be able to access it on my own.
Emily Kaiser: Yeah, definitely.
Edita Bay: I'm facing.
Emily Kaiser: Yeah, yeah, totally. So why don't I go ahead and fix this? But then tomorrow, do you have time maybe earlier in the day? Because I know that like you said, you're going to be on your own. I wonder if you have time for a 15 minute demo. One, to make sure you get logged in and everything goes seamlessly. But two, we have a lot of new features and because tomorrow you're trying to navigate the system while working, I think it might be helpful at the beginning of your day to do a quick 15 minute demo. And these are our new features. You can ask them, ask me any questions on, you know, this is what I do in my workflow. What's the best way to get around the psych and stuff like that? I think that might be helpful. Do you have time tomorrow at like 9, 10am?
Edita Bay: I can't guarantee you that because when I walk in. That's taking me to who is going to train me. So I cannot guarantee that I have. I'll have that time.
Emily Kaiser: Okay. Okay. Understandable. When do you think would be better suited? Do you think maybe Monday or Tuesday next week?
Edita Bay: Monday. I'm off. Monday, Monday. Make time. Yeah.
Emily Kaiser: Okay. What time works best for you? Are you Eastern standard time?
Edita Bay: Yes, Eastern. 11 o' clock will be okay.
Emily Kaiser: Okay, great. Let's schedule for 11 o'. Clock. So I will send you an email just as a reminder. We'll just do a job site demo.
Edita Bay: Okay.
Emily Kaiser: And then I will go ahead and take care of this on my end. Like I said, I'll send you a text message. I'll follow up to make sure that it has been done. But if you have any questions, don't hesitate to reach out. Either call or text on the number that I'll reach out on.
Edita Bay: Okay? All right.
Emily Kaiser: Thank you so much. Thank you for your time.
Emily Kaiser: Have a good day.
Edita Bay: Bye. Bye.