Christopher Hume: Get the email from Nate to set up your stuff.
Ryan McAnelly: Yes. So I got Gmail set up. I'm on slack. Rippling is good.
Christopher Hume: Okay, so then let's do one last thing here. Let's get you. What's your email? Is it just r, m, a c, a?
Ryan McAnelly: Yep. R. Mcanally.
Christopher Hume: Okay. Okay. You should both or Ryan, you should get it shortly. And Joy, you should have just received access to the front. Could you let me know if you got an email on your account?
Garden Gioia: Yeah. It says I'm invited to front join team. Gmail does tell me the link looks dangerous, but I'm. I'm gonna trust.
Christopher Hume: You can trust it.
Christopher Hume: You can trust it. I'll go to if it's if. If you're getting spearfished. I' the fall on this one.
Garden Gioia: Great. All right, let's see. Join your team on front. Let's create your account. Sweet. Okay.
Christopher Hume: And then. Did you get it, Ryan?
Ryan McAnelly: I did not.
Christopher Hume: So interesting. I didn't. When I try to check your calendar, it says you don't have a calendar yet. What's going on here? So RMCan. Oh, that's my bed. Mistyped your name.
Ryan McAnelly: It happens.
Christopher Hume: Wonder if I can. Brutal. Is there any way to fix this? All right, well, I'll fix this afterward, Ryan. Either I'll adjust to your current account, or I'll just kill it and give you a new one. But good to know that we're able to get you both up and running. So I think today is going to be the last day where we're doing full. Both screen share and walk through together. I think what probably makes sense tomorrow is you guys just take a crack at it. It's gonna be hard. There's gonna be a lot you don't know. But we probably want to break it up into morning and afternoon. So I'll clear everything out today. You guys don't have to worry. We'll go through it together one more time. And then I think what would make sense is if one of you before our morning meeting goes through and tries to just write drafts or for the responses, the other one of you takes the afternoon. Don't send anything. I'll review them and send them. And as a team, we can kind of review what you guys are working on, talk about what I would change and just kind of get you all very comfortable with both. How front works, kind of how to make sure you're catching everything that comes through. But also just familiarize yourself with kind of about psych and solving these problems. How's that sound?
Ryan McAnelly: Yeah, sounds good.
Christopher Hume: Okay. And I'll get you both. I knew there's something I was forgetting. I'll get you both access that I. Well, not that I have, but I'll get you advanced access to. So you'll be able to go in the back and see people's accounts.
Garden Gioia: Cool.
Christopher Hume: And we can work through that together.
Garden Gioia: Sweet.
Christopher Hume: Okay, so we're going to walk through it one more time. You guys don't need to.
Christopher Hume: You're safe for another day. But we'll just talk through these front tickets, we'll see how you want to solve them and then I'll take care of it later.
Garden Gioia: Okay.
Christopher Hume: Okay. Annette, This is one at the beginning of. Probably going to have to ask me. Annette, thanks so much. These, it's 150amonth for the base service and 29amonth for our advanced security, which includes. Includes a baa.
Ryan McAnelly: What does BAA stand for? I'm sorry.
Christopher Hume: Good question. Joya, your area expertise, do you know?
Garden Gioia: Yeah, I've had to. I've had to sign it for like every vendor that I use.
Garden Gioia: It's like a business associate agreement or something like that. Like basically to reinforce HIPAA compliance.
Christopher Hume: Basically makes like a tunnel of. Yeah. Compliance between us and the company. So they have like an extra layer of protection if anything goes wrong. It's like when we sign a business associate agreement. So like we're covered such that BAA is. Right.
Ryan McAnelly: Okay, cool. Thank you.
Christopher Hume: Oh, you're welcome.
Garden Gioia: And then Chris, is that like an extra add on for the practice or for like every single practitioner, 29 extra.
Christopher Hume: Okay, so this just got ruled out. There's a little bit of disagreement on whether it's per practice or practitioner. Right now, it's technically per provider. I think if you get a question on this, just let me know.
Christopher Hume: Like, you don't need to because it's.
Christopher Hume: Yeah, someone's coming in on a 45 person click and they're like, we're not spending, you know, however much more a month. That would be like 12, $1,200 a month. Of course, they could get the BAA for free. Like there's still a little bit of flexibility. We're just rolling this out.
Garden Gioia: Okay. Okay.
Christopher Hume: Okay. So Susan has her note stuck in processing. Thank you. Guys can guess how we're going to solve this one.
Ryan McAnelly: Search your email in the back end and pull up the.
Christopher Hume: Oh yeah, pull up the transcript. It looked like it was at 12 o' clock today. It looks like it's gone through by now. Go ahead.
Garden Gioia: No, no, finish what you were going to say. Sorry.
Christopher Hume: No, I was going to say. So it's 12, 125, 224. So that would probably be. Yeah, one of these two. It looks like it's generated, so I have to ask her if it looks all right because it looks like it's restored on our end.
Garden Gioia: Okay. Something I've noticed in using jot psych with my notes is that it looks like it gets like stuck processing, but if I just like refresh, like literally just press a little refresh thing in the browser, it's like it'll be there.
Christopher Hume: Yeah, that's actually really good to know. We've been doing some backend updates over the past couple months, so sometimes it slows things down a little bit to make the notes more robust. And anything, anytime anything changes, people are mad. So that's. That's good to know. Julia.
Garden Gioia: Yeah.
Christopher Hume: Okay, so this one, we're screwed. So because of how our security is set up, people cannot change their email address. So this can be really awkward. Say hi Kamani or Dr. Our Laraku. I'm so sorry, but due to our HIPAA and security processes, we can't change the email address associated with your account. We can either leave it as is or create a new account for you. But we can't transfer notes. We can transfer the points.
Garden Gioia: That's. That seems reasonable.
Christopher Hume: So wouldn't expect you guys to do this, but I'm kind of intrigued. LGTC Group. It's kind of a shame because this is a huge click where there's definitely a lot of potential growth here. We probably want to figure out what went wrong and how we could better serve her. Say, hey, Mary, I'm so sorry to hear you're leaving. You know, would you mind sharing any information that didn't work for you? If you have time to jump on a 15 minute call, we'd be happy to give you two weeks free. And of course, make sure you're not charged again unless you'd like to continue afterward because this is a big opportunity here.
Ryan McAnelly: Okay, if we pull something like that back in, does that get accredited to us somehow?
Christopher Hume: That's going to be the goal. Definitely. Yeah. If you guys start reeling in people who have quit or are calling to cancel. Yeah, we would kind of, after the temp period, would love to make sure that there's some sort of bonus structure there and that would be more kind of in the customer. Kim ka. Let's go check. Check her transcript. Transcripts. Oh, someone we can finally help. Thank God. Bam. Generate note.
Ryan McAnelly: Like it?
Garden Gioia: Wow. Okay.
Christopher Hume: Yeah, so sometimes we do actually help people.
Christopher Hume: We don't just say, I'm so sorry. Thank you for letting us know.
Garden Gioia: So can you, can you, can you like show. So you saw that the. Can you go back to what you were.
Christopher Hume: You just. Actually, let's go back here. She's like, hey guys, I hate you. I lost two notes today. What the hell is wrong with you? They're at 8 and 8:30 this morning.
Christopher Hume: Okay, So we already fixed the eight, I would guess, or the nine o', clock, I would guess. She's on central time. And then we're like, oh, we can fix this one too. So you see that there's 14 chunks, they're not a note. And then you just press generate note. Now she has her note.
Garden Gioia: Okay. Okay, cool.
Ryan McAnelly: Going forward. Is she doing something wrong in the process like she stated?
Garden Gioia: She doesn't wait finalized.
Christopher Hume: It's very doubtful. No, that shouldn't be a problem. You're supposed to be able to just move on to the next one between three of us. Not something that we tell customers we think. There's something wrong right now because this has been happening a little more recently. I mean, we do thousands and thousands of notes today and we'll get a few of these, but really we shouldn't be getting any. And so we have Alfred, who's our back front end engineer, trying to chase this down and figure out what's going on.
Ryan McAnelly: This is an easy fix.
Christopher Hume: Easy. Easy. Ish. Easy to fix for us.
Ryan McAnelly: Okay, yeah.
Christopher Hume: But to fix it technically, I have no idea. So, Susan, this is the same woman who reached out before. What we're going to do is I'll respond to the other one. And when we have someone who's sending like a ton of messages in did in separate thread. Okay. So Christy was the one who was having issues with writing the difference between patient and provider. Told me once to take a look. Completely fair feedback. This is something I'll just tell the engineering team.
Garden Gioia: Okay.
Christopher Hume: What I'll do is I'll go. Okay. So Christy Weber, She had a note on 213 where everything was all jacked up. Time. Sorry, I'm jumping between. I'm sure I'm making you guys seasick. 2:13 at 4:00pm. I would guess she was talking about this one. It's probably a 30 minute session. Yep. Yeah. So I'm guessing what you can just tell from the chunks here or like you can just look at this right here. Provider. I have about three weeks left on this one. On this model that's pretty clear that there's something wrong here and. Or it's just like getting confused between the patient, provider, the kind of. Again, dirty little secret. Just talking, as you say. The dirty little secret is this, like always happens if you're using AI and you choose to have the names redacted so there's no identifying. Information in the transcripts, but it never says someone's name, it never says where they live. It should be really easy for. And the AI, it's really easy for it to be confused on who is who. And so one, there could have been something that changed. This could be an issue that's been recently. And I'll tell her how to unredact these transcripts. The other thing you just need to be aware of is sometimes, like when there's a loss of trust or they just realize there's an issue. It's sort of like a placebo effect. It was actually always like this, but now that they noticed it, every time it happens, they're like, what the. And like, I think kind of telling in her. And what she shared was that she. The example she gave us was 11 days ago when I asked her like, hey, can you show me a time this happened? And she's like, yeah, there was one 11 days ago. That kind of implies to me that she's just hyper aware. And every time it happens it really frustrates her. But like, she, she wasn't like, oh, yeah, it happened yesterday. So just kind of letting you into the mind of the customers. Not that that makes any better for them if it's always been like that. That's really annoying and not cool and like a failure of a product that we need to try and fix. But sometimes it's not even a new technical issue. It's just something they've recently realized.
Ryan McAnelly: Hmm.
Garden Gioia: So what would you respond back with?
Christopher Hume: It's really going to be like, hey, I recommend turning off name redaction. You throw in slack, whoever the engineer on duty is, hey, can you take a look here? Customer complains notes are getting less accurate and confusing patient and provider more. Here's the note id. Let me know if anything looks wrong here. And then when you, you tell Christy, Hey, Christy, I'm so sorry about this. I'd recommend trying this out. I'd recommend trying this out. And please let this works. And if you run into any major instances of this again, please reach out. And we're, we're happy to jump on a call. Oftentimes just like offering all those things really helps.
Christopher Hume: But frankly, there's nothing we can do here. This is a good vibes. We try to be really nice. We make them feel heard, but it's just something that we need to improve in the product.
Garden Gioia: Okay, cool.
Christopher Hume: Okay, Adam Cole. Nice archive. Immediately. Let's go, Patrick. I get stuff like this and I'm like, again, we're going to be selling Porta Potties in three years. Guys, I just, like, saw a new client yesterday. Oh, but the note state 2, 28. Okay, that actually is annoying. I got confused. But again, this is something where we're like, I'm so sorry about that. You, of course, can edit the date so you guys. Signed it. Jesus. Oh, my God. I did the thing that person was struggling with yesterday where I was just looking at my signed notes.
Garden Gioia: I guess I can't judge.
Christopher Hume: You could go. You could go up here and just adjust the date and time so you would send them a screenshot. You'd be like, I'm so sorry. I'm going to fly this to the engineering team to see what happened so, you know, if this ever happens again, you can resolve it this way. And you send them a screenshot and you don't tell them that they're pushing you to sell poor bodies. Is there a way to upload patient labs into the note? What do you guys think?
Ryan McAnelly: Yes, it should be great.
Garden Gioia: Yes.
Christopher Hume: Appreciate both of your optimism. So, yes, technically there is, but not in the way that's going to make a lot of our customers happy. So what they often want is to have a PDF like, hey, I have a PDF. Can I upload it? No, that cannot happen. But if they want to copy and paste any labs, they want to copy and paste any labs into the additional note section. When they're recording, all of that information will be integrated into the note.
Garden Gioia: Okay.
Christopher Hume: Does that make sense?
Garden Gioia: Yes. And can they attach. If they don't necessarily need it attached to a note, but they want it in the client's chart, can they attach it in that way?
Christopher Hume: Oh, my God, Joy, I've already started to bring you onto my side. Please say that in front of the engineers. No, not yet. But it's something I really think is going to make a major difference in our ability to sell this as an ehr. Just like a super Simple Documents HIPAA secure PDF thing is to make all the difference. But right now we can't do that. A great question. Okay, so those are all the new ones going to go to assigned, and there's still going to be too many. All right, so template is. So this guy J. His templates keep creeping.
Garden Gioia: Sorry. Huh.
Christopher Hume: Let's look at the notes he's doing. His name. Okay, so reminder to look at people's templates. We go here. And this is just not a well designed thing right now. But so you go content and then you go see more. And like, I'll be honest, you guys are going to need help with this the first couple times because like do this full time. I like visit customers. And the other day I had to go to our chief technical officer and be like, where the actual hell do I find our templates? And he had to walk me through it. He had showed me before and some of this is so arcane and it's kind of going through a labyrinth. It needs to be fixed and made easier. But I again want to be like, yeah, obviously these two weeks we want to see learning and growth from you guys, but you certainly aren't expected to know everything on Friday.
Christopher Hume: Okay, so here's what's happening here. Oh no, maybe not. Jrg. What I thought was happening was that he was using. Interesting. Was that maybe they had a clinic wide template that the advisor was adjusting. But no, that's not the case here. So what's really interesting is he is. Oh my God. He is a super, super editor. You can see over here. On his return Visit he's made 870 edits and on his intake he's made 1246. What we can take from that is this is someone who really cares is going to be hyper aware when his notes don't look right. But also I find it. I would expect that it's probably so over engineered. Yeah. So like these are incredibly nuanced, which is great. But he probably. I've noticed. And again, I'm letting you guys behind the curtain here. Sometimes when people have them adjust like that nuanced and they have prompts and guidance in there to the AI that's like worth thousands of words like that. They'll try to make a small adjustment and it's a waterfall effect. And then. Everything gets changed a little bit. So they say something like, hey, get rid of the bullet points. And all of a sudden it's like leaving out major content. So that's what I think's going on there. I actually don't think we're going to be able to fix him. We'll, like, be nice, we'll tell him we'll take a look, but I just don't think there's anything we can do there in the current setup.
Garden Gioia: Okay. Huh.
Ryan McAnelly: So he would, in the end, have to go back and just limit some of the things he's trained the AI to do.
Christopher Hume: It would probably be like, I'm gonna have to go to Jackson, our CTO and be like, hey, Jackson. Like Jay, he owns a clinic. He's complaining about some issues with his prompts. I think his prompts are too long. Do you have any suggestions from a technical standpoint? And then we're gonna have to work with him on, like, we probably have to just redo this for Jay and, like, to keep him happy since he brings in, whatever, a few thousand dollars a month.
Garden Gioia: Okay.
Christopher Hume: Okay. Leah is dealing with this one now. Just been a very long journey with Manuela and her colleague Isabella. Maybe. Essentially what's happening here is she's asking us to share forms across an organization, and that's a feature that's not being rolled out till next week.
Garden Gioia: Next week. Okay. Wait, I don't think you're sharing your video anymore.
Christopher Hume: Nope, I'm not. I'm just talking and you're looking at nothing. I'm sorry about that.
Garden Gioia: Okay, okay, okay. So document. Okay, got it.
Christopher Hume: Let me just, like, And again, just kind of sharing this. So, you know, it's challenging. Lee literally said last week, he's like, we cannot share templates. Then we go through the whole rigmarole, and then a week later she's like, okay, but how do we share the templates?
Christopher Hume: Like, that's sort of just keep front of mind that they have. So everyone has so much on their plate. And like, a lot of our customers are not very tech savvy. So we just need to make sure we're always leading with empathy and, like, honesty, but not over promising because we have a very tight engineering team. So, like, she's lucky. This is actually getting rolled out next week. So it's all good, but a lot of the time it's like a, hey, we're going to flag this. We're so sorry. Here's a workaround we recommend, but for the time being, it's just not going to happen.
Garden Gioia: Okay?
Christopher Hume: Okay. And I think most of the others, we're not going to go through. Now I'll show you guys a funny one. Bola. I told you guys about the. My nemesis, like, a year ago.
Christopher Hume: We converted her to an annual account, and then she asked me how to add. Her colleague. So I sent her the instruction. Like, this is how you add someone to your group when you're on the annual account. Everyone you add to your account is on the annual account. And so it goes through immediately charging her $1,620. And then she is like, is it free?
Christopher Hume: I'm like, oh, boy. No, it's not. So I'm going to have to go in the back. And she actually changed into an admin. So we just have to reimburse her because admin seats are free. But it's just a funny little. So if this comes up, you guys be like, hey, admin seats are free, clinicians are not. Looks like if you were charged, just let me know. We'll make sure it gets reimbursed. And if you ever need to refund someone or you're like, chris, I think they should be refunded, just let me know and I'll handle that.
Garden Gioia: Okay? Okay. Do they get. If do their. I'm assuming no. But, like, does a. Maybe a new practitioner being added get a free trial?
Christopher Hume: Nope.
Garden Gioia: No. Okay.
Christopher Hume: I mean, we'll play. I mean, when we're trying to get someone to expand their seats, I'll, like, I'll do all sorts of high drinks. Oh, we'll give you a rebate. You know, whatever.
Garden Gioia: Like, whatever we can do to get them on.
Christopher Hume: If they're like, well, I'm not going to pay until I know they like it. Like, all right, sure, we'll give you credit. But no, as is standard, once they've committed to buying, like, they add people to their group, it's under the assumption that they're adding them on permanently. So I know we're coming up on time. And Joya, I think you have pretty hard stop here. So I think what we need to. Just a couple housekeeping things. One, Ryan, if you could make sure you get your calendar up and running, we'll handle getting you access to front by properly spelling your last name. Then, Joy, for you, it may not. Well, meet tomorrow morning. Did one of you want to take a crack? Drafts and comment responses tomorrow morning. Someone for the afternoon, I can refer to you guys on which time works better for you.
Garden Gioia: Ryan, what's. What's your preference?
Ryan McAnelly: It's up to you. I mean, what does your schedule look like tomorrow?
Garden Gioia: So I could either do like, let's see, 11 Eastern. So like 9am Eastern or earlier I can do for like going pretty early. Like, which is not too early for the East Coast. I've got our. Our 10:00am meeting. So I could do that either earlier or after 2pm Eastern.
Christopher Hume: And so I. What I'm suggesting is just before our check in tomorrow morning, one of you spend, like, 30 minutes filling out drafts and comments so we can review it together. And then the other one of you does before our afternoon meeting, which will schedule tomorrow. So if this. If either of you has a preference.
Christopher Hume: We can work on that. Otherwise, Joya, you can do morning and Ryan, you can do afternoon. But you guys can definitely switch if you prefer. Joy, I know you're in mountain time, so maybe afternoon actually works better for you.
Garden Gioia: Yeah, afternoon might be good as long as I can do it after 2:00pm Eastern.
Christopher Hume: Yeah, yeah, yeah, of course. So afternoon for you, Ryan, morning for you. If you could just take 30 minutes before the 10am and just give it a crack. Don't send anything, please.
Christopher Hume: And then if you could both put your hours in rippling each day, I know Monday, Tuesday, you could do today. But just so we can track how that's going to make sure we don't go over or under. That'd be great. You guys are awesome. Let me know if you need anything. We'll talk bright and earlyish. Sort of for you, Joy. Certainly tomorrow.
Garden Gioia: Awesome. All right.
Christopher Hume: Thank you. Thanks guys.
Garden Gioia: Bye.
Ryan McAnelly: Bye.
Garden Gioia: Bye.