Becca Bressler: Hey there Monica. How are you doing?
Monica Dyer: I'm doing.
Becca Bressler: All right so nice to meet you. I know you've spoken with other members of my team but I don't know if we've actually met before. I joined Becca. Oh sorry go ahead.
Monica Dyer: Check my audio here.
Becca Bressler: Do you still hear it?
Becca Bressler: It's better okay great let me know if it's not I could go grab my headphones in case that's an issue.
Monica Dyer: Okay my assistant Alex should be logging on here
Becca Bressler: too oh great okay she's coming awesome. Do you want me to hold off until she's here or should I start chatting about our telehealth
Monica Dyer: or we were just on a zoom meeting so she was logging on let's see if she's got any issue.
Becca Bressler: There we go. Hey. There hi Sandra.
Alexandra Mae Granada: Hello good morning.
Becca Bressler: So I'm Becca I'm the product manager at Jotzyk and I would love to take this time to get you set up with our telehealth platform and have you be one of our testers for this Monica you're using a lot of different new products for us so I would love to maybe if you're willing at some other point set up aside another meeting and you and I could discuss I'd love to hear what your thoughts are on our prescription platform et cetera. There's like so much to learn from you as one of our early adopters. But but yeah let's I'll just take this time to talk to you guys about telehealth. So let me share my screen for a second and Monica what would be great is we have a handful of people that are testing it and I think we're at the stage where it would be awesome if you as a tester tried it for a full week with your patient load you know so we've had people do it a few times and that's really helpful but I think one of the next big questions we have is about workflow. How does this actually fit into your workflow if this is your telehealth platform? So you know almost just like pretending that it is and this is using. So let me go ahead and share my screen and I want to explain a little bit about how this works. Or or even Monica it might be helpful if I ask you to share your job site screen and I can actually walk you through it doing might be might be actually helpful to try that.
Monica Dyer: What do you think about that route maybe? Sure sounds good.
Becca Bressler: Okay great because you should have the capability now. I think I turned it on for you so we'll see.
Monica Dyer: If you can follow along you have access to now right.
Alexandra Mae Granada: Sorry was that for yes.
Monica Dyer: Okay now checking that Alex has heard psych access so she could follow along as well. On her screen. We're both doing.
Becca Bressler: Okay share share share. Monica can I actually ask real quickly these suggestions that show up on your calendar are they pretty accurate or not?
Monica Dyer: They're not accurate. It's okay so. Like Maddox here we talked about two different possible times
Becca Bressler: so it's showing up both times so which one is it are you seeing this person today or tomorrow this is just like a static curiosity.
Monica Dyer: That. S correct. Infinity mirror okay it's not adjusting to the right size. Oh okay. Calendar. Yes well he's at 1 p.m.
Becca Bressler: tomorrow 1 p.m tomorrow okay so it sounds like maybe it put both on the calendar but the it caught this oh it's at 1 p.m it's at 12. This is so interesting sorry I actually want to ask about this because this will be helpful for us to make the telehealth better how often are people rescheduling outside of your Jot site session because for some people this works great but I think for other people because there's a lot of rescheduling happening that we're not capturing the wrong is that like a frequent thing that happens for you?
Monica Dyer: Yes. I yeah I have a lot of people pretty chaotic lives so yeah.
Becca Bressler: Okay cool I just kind of that was a side question but so the next so what I want to talk to you about is our telehealth so the way you can create a telehealth appointment a couple different ways so one of them is let's do a test right now and I can be your test patient so the way this would work is create an appointment so how about you create an appointment for you and I that is if you go to the schedule.
Monica Dyer: One more thing would be. I guess like a deny button on this one because I want to say no for today him for today
Becca Bressler: so there's a remove if you look on the left hand side there's a reschedule and then there's a remove.
Monica Dyer: Sweet okay perfect. Okay.
Becca Bressler: So what are your schedule for a second and let's create an appointment between you and a test user albeit your test user. And let's take it for 1115 or excuse me 10 15 on your end oh I wonder if that's why we were off by an hour I wonder if there's a time zone issue.
Monica Dyer: Usually if it's let me see. Like. Well these aren't I don't think those were captured from well this was captured from.
Becca Bressler: Yeah those are correct these are correct okay okay so let's create a tech a test appointment between you and I and let's start it at 10 15. Okay gonna be your test patient so we can just create that really quickly. And then let's put in my phone number because this is how you'll or email depending on how your clients or patients like to receive this but so my email is 925. Or excuse me four five one. Zero three three seven. And then I'll give you my email too just so you can kind of see how this works so Becca at jot psych.com B e c c a at shot psych.com. All right so now I'm your test patient so if you click telehealth virtual visit right there that. Creates a telehealth room so so something to know about telehealth for us right now at least is every provider doesn't get like one link that is their telehealth room the telehealth like room that's created is tied to the appointment which means you schedule an appointment you decide you select that it's a telehealth appointment and what that means for that room is that it opens up 15 minutes in advance so like if you tried to access this room you just get a notification that's like, you know appointment your room doesn't open up until this time etc but so go ahead and click before you click save so one thing that actually will work by the end of today but currently doesn't is reminders with the telehealth link.
Becca Bressler: So when you're creating appointments for your patient, if you take a look at where it says reminders. Yes so if it's a telehealth appointment and you set your reminders, the reminder message will include a link to the telehealth appointment so that your your patient will that's how they'll get that's how they could get the link in advance is by using appointment reminders. So that's one thing to oh go ahead.
Monica Dyer: Can you do more than one like one day before to
Becca Bressler: four definitely so let's let me show you how that works so so if you want to do one day in advance we can schedule that and then you'll be able to do a second one. Okay. So so this is how they'll get the link by the end of today so so it's not currently working but then go ahead and click save. So because this appointment is within you know 15 minutes we'll be able to do it right now so click click the schedule if you will. And then start recording. So what you'll notice now is and I would hit allow while visiting the site just so you're able to then do this in the future.
Monica Dyer: Yes for the camera I had to for the mic like my mic got stuck on the other day and so I had. I changed this to like I was doing this time every time so my mic didn't get stuck anymore. I don't know if that's been fixed.
Becca Bressler: But anyway sure but but so so so here's a couple things to note if you didn't have an appointment reminder set up or your patient is like I didn't get the link or you know can you send me the link I don't know where it is this is one way that you could do it so you copy the link or you could send invite to patient and it would like email and text them basically or it looks like yeah both are on file so you could. Send them the invite and they'll get this join telehealth appointment link. So that and actually why don't you do that for me right now just since I wouldn't have gotten the appointment reminder yet? And so a couple things for you to know let's actually try this right now because I'm actually not sure about something. I'm going to see what happens when I want to join. Let's see.
Monica Dyer: So when I schedule it it doesn't automatically go out it would be only when they get the reminder that they get the appointment link
Becca Bressler: yes I'm going to mute my let's see allow while visiting the site. Okay so this is something interesting to note so I requested to join but in order for you to get the request you have to first join the call. And this is what starts your recorder so joining the job joining your telehealth starts your recorder it's one click and then you should see that there is a request to join the call test patient wants to join so if you admit it. So a couple things to know. Is you can chat there's a chat box for this telehealth. There's picture in picture so you can obviously expand the size of it however you see fit it's picture in picture so if you want to go to other places on jot site. It will also carry over so like if you wanted to go to your schedule or I don't know if you click around on Jot psych during your appointments but but the picture should actually see it off your screen though do you still see my picture?
Monica Dyer: I do like floating over it but now I don't know how to get back to the full. Let me see if I can send you sharing your entire screen
Becca Bressler: I actually don't see I did see my picture and now I don't
Monica Dyer: actually I need to pop out oh okay got it. Now I don't know how to get back to the full.
Becca Bressler: View there's some button I would try I can't direct you unfortunately because I can't see it but I would try playing around with the things you can press in the window.
Monica Dyer: There's nothing in the window okay there's like the. Settings kind of on the top left. And we're working on automatic picture in picture.
Becca Bressler: Monica just so I know because I don't see it so are you saying that the modal it popped up and then it became full screen.
Monica Dyer: Or see if I can share this little window.
Becca Bressler: Yeah I wonder if you can share like the whole screen or something if that would help.
Monica Dyer: Sharing just the little window the little pop up window.
Becca Bressler: Okay.
Becca Bressler: So can you share your full screen just so I can see what it looks like in your whole screen?
Monica Dyer: This is something else. So share and tell your screen.
Becca Bressler: Great. Oh interesting. I wonder how it got to looking like that. I actually am going to ping my colleague who's in the other room who can you click so what happens when you click do you want to come in here Alfred. This is just an interesting view I want him to see. This is just an interesting view of the modal do you know why it looks like that? Hello this is Alfred Alfred and Alexandra hi yeah that appears to not be passing the styles properly it originally was but she clicked something and then it became this like I saw the first version of it and it looked right. Okay but I don't know what she clicked
Monica Dyer: I clicked the like the pop out
Becca Bressler: button this is the OS level picture in picture so this is the one that shows up if she were to click on a different tab got it and it stays at the OS level so something's happening with the styles where they're not getting carried over how could she move it back to how? Because Monica you're trying what are you trying to do with this that you're unable to do right now.
Monica Dyer: I was trying to go back to the view we had previously. And I didn't know how to I don't see a way to there's like no little if I hover nothing popping up to return back and you try growing the.
Becca Bressler: Idea well all the other all the styling is broken that's why she can't go back and do what she wants to do. So we need to look into why this style broke here. But right now I think closing there's that close button
Monica Dyer: yeah it's only getting wait can I scroll now I can't scroll in there
Becca Bressler: youe should be able to click the X button in the top right of that window. So is that kind of what you were trying to do Monica get it back to this place
Monica Dyer: yes but I had no idea if that wasn't going to cut off the call.
Becca Bressler: Yeah for of course it's nice yeah have the styles been in place you would have seen
Monica Dyer: what I clicked the picture in picture to get
Becca Bressler: to the so you shouldn't have to click that let's try X out of it again if you just click on a different tab.
Becca Bressler: Within job site yeah just or oh elsewhere elsewhere so a different one of your tabs elsewhere. Yeah so the styles are all broken so we need to look into that. Okay cool I think that's a great thing that we just surfaced yeah that's. A priority right now. Okay but yeah going back it's like we'll bring it back okay.
Monica Dyer: It'll still function like if we try it out with patients it's not gonna. Cause any functionality.
Becca Bressler: No it's really just a it doesn't look good for you right now so there's something about the the style sheet that's not making its way into that view.
Becca Bressler: Okay we'll need a look Alexandra nice to meet you super super helpful thank you. Okay so. Great so yeah so you I showed you how to send a link to a patient it only opens 15 minutes before so like you know the patient might get a reminder a day before two hours before if they try and join it'll just say you know this room's not open come back your schedule appointment time but let's like let me actually give me one second I want to grab my cell phone and then try logging on for my cell phone so I'm gonna actually get out of the. The room but actually I want to try this again.
Monica Dyer: Hide some of you.
Becca Bressler: All right let's see. Click the link. Allow.
Monica Dyer: One thing I. Thought of is that. In zoom you can. Do like or split screen so it's not. I'm not as like I said it's half and half sometimes.
Becca Bressler: This. Oh oh are you saying you would like to be able to do that?
Monica Dyer: Yeah like just to have a different view options. You know I got to make sure I hide my face my reactions sometimes or like you know you know you want to see yourself. Yeah making sure I'm like coming off how I want to is helpful to see my own face sometimes especially talking about more difficult things.
Becca Bressler: Can we click other stuff I'm guessing we can actually by the looks of this but let's just click around and see what happens okay.
Monica Dyer: I don't see any other places.
Becca Bressler: What are the okay so what happens if you click that is that okay so that's the collapse thing can you click.
Becca Bressler: Some of the area next to the video. Is one of those share screen or yeah share screen. And then if you click the arrow next to the camera. Or to the left of that so is this just this is the blur situation okay this is interesting is that like a free requisite for you adopting something like this.
Monica Dyer: That would it would bug me because I yeah really I mean depending on the nature of the conversation I want to be like so used to seeing my own face and like making sure that. I don't know I don't unintentionally look. Like I'm smiling inappropriately or something like at certain times
Becca Bressler: because yeah I'm assuming not but I'm just kind of curious no no there's no like expand buttons within if you hover over your picture there's no expand. All at Alfred if we're able to do it I'm not sure good feedback though Monica would you be willing though and let me know if you need to wait until our appointment reminder thing is fully set up by the end of today. But I am wondering if you would be willing to just like test this for a week, you know all of your patients, if you're able to and just kind of see how it fits into your workflow this is a really good bit of feedback that you just gave us, but I'd also just be curious what else comes up for you, what feels clunky, etc.
Monica Dyer: Some of my existing patients already have. I think they already have their telehealth link like from headway. But as we're adding people in the next weeks and I think I don't want to like switch it up. It's already been said. Okay I think that's the case if they get it.
Becca Bressler: Sent like just it so I understand like if we were gonna if we wanted you to do it for a week where would we like when does that week kind of start based on.
Monica Dyer: Schedule someone. Today? So I could try try it with her pick her on mute.
Becca Bressler: Okay yeah I think it would just be like so helpful for us if you know right now as your starting schedule if you're using this so we could get like multiple days of this being the telehealth platform that you use and then we can keep in touch. I would love for you to email me if stuff comes up I'll check in with you but if we could get like you know five days of a work week where you're testing this in the next you know five days that would be so awesome for us to to learn.
Monica Dyer: Okay yeah and my work week is pretty much includes every day right now if we do a week it'll be like six or seven days at least.
Becca Bressler: We'd say that that would start in six or seven days is what you're saying or
Monica Dyer: I mean I don't I'm not really I have patients schedule like every day so if we do one week from now we'll have oh great I test every day
Becca Bressler: oh great amazing yeah awesome you typically do multiple a day too it looks like so that would be okay
Monica Dyer: yeah and this schedule is not like reflective of my actual schedule like this is my headway schedule
Becca Bressler: who has on your schedule would you say it's like your patient's on Thursday haven't gotten their telehealth link and so you could swap those out or the patients on Friday haven't gotten the telehealth link yet.
Monica Dyer: You know I thought they all get it when. I scheduled but maybe it is the day before the same way because when I when I schedule it I put. This so let me see. I'm not gonna freak out if I messed with her appointment.
Monica Dyer: So okay he's not even. He's not even set up. Okay so Maddox wouldn't have gotten his yet. He's 18 he wouldn't punch the technology so if I edit. So I can do my own telehealth link yeah. But then. Don't. Notify. Okay so here we can send the other link if we needed to because he's.
Monica Dyer: I don't know I mean he's gonna notify for an email from John psych or no. Like. To.
Becca Bressler: Yeah.
Monica Dyer: Architect him and let him know so yeah they haven't. Some people are going to be like oh yeah sure let's you know I can switch over no problem and some of these people are going to be like you want me to do what was my email so yeah I think we can. Like be I mean our plan already was to kind of be transitioning people over just so we can kind of like get them used to it and on a less busy day be able to walk them through making sure they can log in and stuff. Yeah I do have one payer that I can start billing through job site so those would be like people set for sure I want to like completely transition.
Becca Bressler: Yeah so what if we just if you could start using this like as soon as possible and then next week we can check in and get a sense of like how it's been impacting your workflow because obviously the most realistic we can get with you using this tool the better information we can get right. So however if we're able to really sort of like incorporate it for a week that would be awesome and then we can just keep in touch about how it's going.
Monica Dyer: So okay this Maddox appointment tomorrow for example he's the one I was adjusting earlier.
Becca Bressler: So telehealth check yeah and you would want to set the remote you would want well maybe if you want them to get job psych reminders you can do it that way or if you want the reminder to come through headway that's another thing. One thing to note Monica is so that you don't have to add a reminder to every single meeting. You can figure that in your appointment type so it looks like this is a medication management follow up. If you go over to your appointment types on the left hand side for a second. On the left hand of the schedule actually so if you click out of this appointment module thing just exit out and then on the left hand side you can see appointment types. On the bottom.
Monica Dyer: Yes which we totally need to clean up the email is because we were like what's
Becca Bressler: going on made aware of this issue but let's just take that one as an example so the medication follow up. Management if you click it it looks like it's the third in your link or whichever one you want. Scroll down here actually you can set up default reminders so that you don't have to do it per appointment.
Becca Bressler: This just kind of base it so that whenever you create your appointment, this is the default.
Monica Dyer: Okay. I'm going to yeah make like. A week in a day and two hours for my people. As an example okay and then. So but if I.
Monica Dyer: Wanted dramatics for as an example if I wanted to copy the. Telehealth link to put into headway like where I guess was on headway here.
Monica Dyer: No yeah way to do that. From here.
Becca Bressler: So this is really good feedback actually the current way you would do it is you would have to go to the recorder so hit start recording. And. Oh that's because you're recording with me but that's okay hit stop and navigate that's because you and I are still in a session I think. You would get the invite link here so the session it tells you the session's not open but this is how you would do it but this actually good feedback and I'm going to say it aloud because for our transcription that we should add the copy link to the actual appointment module so that you can access it more quickly. And we also clearly need to be able to on your homepage when you see upcoming appointments you should be able to like set it as a telehealth from that space as well. So I'm going to make a note of that.
Monica Dyer: Oh okay when you only see upcoming appointments on your your schedule.
Becca Bressler: Yeah, oh this is a note for me but like if you go to home like if you if you click job psych and you get to your home page I would guess you would probably want to be able to like set this as a telehealth appointment without having to then like go to your schedule. You know if these are right you want to be like turn into telehealth. So this is just a note for me but I think this is probably something we would want to do.
Monica Dyer: Too. Okay and do I have tele I think I have telehealth set by default because I didn't realize it was about this. I was like well let me just so that they. Record all my appointments are telehealth. So do I have that as default?
Becca Bressler: So it looks like so whether or not it's a default is set by the appointment type actually so like depending on what kind of appointment. So so medication management with add on psychotherapy and med check with therapy. The way to check if it's a default is to like go to that appointment type that I showed you and see if it's selected as a default. Setting. Does that make sense?
Monica Dyer: Yes I'm trying to remember how we got there before
Becca Bressler: schedule if you go to schedule.
Monica Dyer: Okay. Right. Take. Yes cool.
Becca Bressler: Right so this is this is kind of how I think you're going to want to press save update appointment type.
Monica Dyer: Well I'm probably going to delete half of these
Becca Bressler: but at least yeah this is how you would this is how you would do it.
Becca Bressler: Good good okay questions before I let you go?
Monica Dyer: Or do you have any so if we're going to be transitioning everyone over we want all of our appointments to be here. Is there a quick way to get this. You know apply like our schedule transferred over
Becca Bressler: yeah so I would there's no like sync if you will yeah like our platform doesn't support that yet where like if someone schedules in headway it then adds to JotSyke but we import for people that want to switch over so like if you like were to download your schedule and give it to us in a file like I think that we're able to do that so let me ask Lee Lee would be kind of the one in charge of that but so I don't know if you and him spoke about this at all the scheduled piece of it. Yeah let me just send Lee a message he would be the one to kind of walk through that process with you.
Monica Dyer: Maybe like I don't know if there's any dictation. AI way of doing it but that maybe like faster than downloading and uploading is just like looking at. Headway if I if there's any way to tell. Jot Psych brain okay Ablara Jenkins at 4:00 p.m on and then I have you know okay for Thursday April 2nd this person.
Becca Bressler: Currently there's probably not a great way to do that because what you would have to do is like create a note for each patient you would have to like set the patient dictate okay our next appointment is this day and then the suggestion would come up that's kind of the way that you could do it via dictation but that's like a very interesting feature recommendation. Actually do but would you like me to talk to Lee and you guys can talk touch base about how to get your appointments over into Jot psych
Monica Dyer: sure and I mean so people will like I've gotten four new patients on headway and so this will be kind of an ongoing. Is that they're going to schedule here and so I kind of needed to sink here yeah it'd be amazing
Becca Bressler: that's that's like a that's a really good bit of feedback we don't currently have a process where that can happen but I will yeah let me let me let the team know and if someone can surface like a solution in the meantime we can we can see what we can work out.
Monica Dyer: Here's export headway calendar.
Becca Bressler: Yeah so right now we just don't like absorb appointments you know this link for instance like you couldn't give that to us and it wouldn't do anything if for instance but but yeah it's definitely something that we'll need to take a look at Monica I actually have to run to another meeting that I have. But if you have any other questions or like feedback as you start using telehealth will you just let me know and I'll check in with you next week as well.
Monica Dyer: Okay sounds good.
Becca Bressler: Great thank you so much for doing this we're really really happy to have your support here and and yeah test test testing it you're one of our like first five testers so you know you might help us uncover some things for sure
Monica Dyer: yes well we're excited to have everything integrated so take care. You too bye.