Amy McAlpine: Hi, how are you?
Christopher Hume: Good. Nice to. I feel like we've emailed a few times. Nice to finally meet you.
Amy McAlpine: Yeah, nice to meet you as well. How's your Friday so far?
Christopher Hume: It is great. It is great. It's Friday. We're almost halfway there. How about yours?
Amy McAlpine: Yeah. Very, very good. It's sunny here. We had a blizzard this weekend, but it's going to be like 80 degrees tomorrow. Where are you based? Amy, we're in Iowa. Northwest Iowa.
Christopher Hume: Iowa.
Amy McAlpine: Okay.
Christopher Hume: Yes, you certainly do get a little of everything.
Amy McAlpine: Oh, yeah, like interstates were shut down on Sunday from Blizzard. And then 80 tomorrow, so.
Amy McAlpine: Oh, my gosh. We will have the full spectrum this week. But it's good. We like the sun.
Christopher Hume: Yeah, right. Better than. I guess it going to minus 80. Well, wonderful. I know we talked a few weeks ago over email about jot audit. Is that sort of what I could help you with today or what would be.
Amy McAlpine: A pretty interested. Interested in job audit. Or one of our providers is this. And just, like, for a little bit of background, she's the one who just. I think she noticed it, and somehow she was able to start using it. So that gave her, like, a good kind of feeling of how it was working. But then learning it is an add on. So could you tell me a little bit about just. If it's been a feature for a while, or if it's still a bit. If it's newer. Just some of the context around it too, so I can understand.
Christopher Hume: Yep. So. That's a great question. So we saw, and I realized we do a lot of visits to our customers. To kind of see how they're using job site, see what other panes they have in their day to day. And in those visits, we realized that one of the huge issues is compliance, billing, clawbacks, being confident in what your providers are building. That good stuff. And so that encouraged us to develop this job audit compliance feature. What that allows you to do is, I mean, you're familiar with it, but it's kind of checking the note against rules for different billing codes, making sure that you're hitting those requirements or identifying. Hey, you said that you thought this is a 9921 and three, but it actually looks like it's a 99214. The idea is instead of people just billing whatever code or turning in notes for a code that they're just comfortable with and, oh, that's what I do every time. They can feel a lot. More confident that, oh, this isn't going to get audited or, oh, my God, I can't believe I didn't include that. This is a somewhat newer feature. I think it was probably. Loramoli rolled out in January, and I sort of are also rolling out our billing functionality as well. We have customers who are just using jot sec as always, some people are using the add on, so jot on it. And then we started having some customers as well who are using this as their biller. So the idea is if they're really confident with their notes, we do all the compliance checks for their notes. They want us to do their actual submission to payers as well. That's sort of where it came from and where it fits in in terms of the nuts and bolts of logistic or, excuse me, logistics of the add on. Everyone gets 40 free. Audit checks a month. After that, it's $59 a month. For unlimited access. And so that's per provider. So if only one provider wants it. Unlimited access for them. $69 a month. And then it just scales from there.
Amy McAlpine: Oh, I see. So that's where it's coming from, where she's able to do it. Oh, I see. So we have for us right now we have four therapists on drought psych and then once like nurse practitioner, we're looking to hire another therapist. Might be how you're going to their psych nurse practitioner. And when we look at a feature like this, it really is the best fit for the psych. Nurse practitioner just because it's such a high level and she is doing. She is probably already coding pretty well, pretty high. But then that factor of then making sure it is all reflected in the documentation is really good because we're worried about just different payers that when they start to audit and if they find something missing, and then they look big and dig.
Christopher Hume: It's unbelievable. Yeah. I'm not sure if it's gotten more challenging for you recently, but we've heard that some of the payers have started getting a little bit more aggressive with their downcoating and their auditing recently.
Amy McAlpine: It's pretty yeah. And it's like, certain ones that we could predict. I lean towards it seems like it might be a good fit for our psych nurse practitioner. And then I wanted to see if there would be anything that we could have for like a nonprofit or FQHC discount for that monthly pricing. And we could do the annual rate any kind of like. It would just be really really nice for what we're doing for a budget if it could be some kind of discounted pricing.
Christopher Hume: So unfortunately, the only discount we have right now is for that annual rate. And just to be sort of to be clear about the annual rate, that's paid up front so it comes out. 35 per. Month for provider, but it's paid and at the beginning, and then you just pay the bill annually. So that's the only discount we have. Trying to think right now, unfortunately. Amy. Yeah, I know. Pricing is always something we're looking at. I know they're doing a whole kind of above my level strategy. Session on that right now. But there's not something I can offer today, unfortunately.
Amy McAlpine: Yeah. If there would be any way that you could still just ask if there would be something. If there is, for it being a newer feature, for things to be just. If there's any kind of something that's in flux. So that would be my request, if it could just be posed and then that will help. Us with our decision making. And so you said, what was it for the. You said, so for the annual. We pay the whole year at once.
Christopher Hume: Is that what you were.
Amy McAlpine: Yes.
Christopher Hume: Pay the year up front and it comes out to 135amonth per provider for the basic features.
Amy McAlpine: 135.
Christopher Hume: Is what it comes out to. And so. It's 135. Per month.
Amy McAlpine: Okay. For some reason I'm looking at. Oh, is that with included?
Christopher Hume: That's just the baseline. Sorry, I'm being. I'm kind of talking about two features here. Basic job psych is 150amonth on the month to month plan. And then if you switch to the annual plan, it comes out to $135 a month for basic job psych. And I'll have to check what the discount audit is, but that's what I was referring to. Like the overall discount.
Amy McAlpine: For the. Oh, but we already have. She does have. Sorry if I'm being.
Christopher Hume: No, no, I.
Christopher Hume: I think I may disconnect.
Amy McAlpine: I'm so confused.
Christopher Hume: I'm so sorry for the confusion.
Amy McAlpine: No, I'm sorry. So she does have jet psych already. And what I'm asking about is just adding the. The add on bundle. Like the add on of audit.
Amy McAlpine: And what would be the. So what would be the cost for that? Like what would be the additional cost for.
Christopher Hume: The additional cost for job audit is $69 a month.
Amy McAlpine: And then would that be the same like if we wanted. It looks like it's just a slight discount. For annual. If we wanted the annual, we'd have to pay 6208. Times 12 to pay the whole year ahead, okay? Okay, so. Okay. So that helps me to just know a bit more about it so that the background and then if it could just be posed, if there could be any kind of consideration of a discount, and then we'll go through, help us evaluate.
Christopher Hume: So. Amy, I can't. So I'll definitely check with my team. I'm not. Yeah, as I said, I'm not really the big picture pricing guy, but if it would be like, if you just want your colleagues to try it a little more, I could certainly do something like the first two months of jot audit for half price or something like that, just so it's a smaller commitment. So I'll write that in an email for you so you kind of have all the info.
Christopher Hume: But if you'd be interested in like the first two months half off, and then we could set up a meeting with our technical team. And we could customize your rules a little bit, too, to make sure they're customized to your payers. I'd be happy to set that up.
Amy McAlpine: I think that. We're at the point right now that I do think the provider does know enough about it to, like, have a good feeling on it. And then it's more a matter of, like, our fiscal year starts in July, so we're kind of at a timing of exactly, like, what can we add to our budget? Or not. So. So it'd be more. It'd be more on the side if there could be anything that's ongoing rather than like, we don't. I don't think we. We're overly needing. A trial.
Christopher Hume: Okay. Absolutely. And then I'll kind of flag that for my team and kind of see what we can do there.
Amy McAlpine: Yeah. Well, that's wonderful. Yeah, it's always good, like. When it's something that a provider really likes and is that's a part burn and that's. That makes me happy, is in my role that, that we can find things like that.
Christopher Hume: So the best thing to hear for us too, you know, we spend all this time building it and getting it out there and. Telling people about it. So it certainly makes our Friday when someone says they like it.
Amy McAlpine: Yeah. Yeah. Well, thank you so much for your time today. I really appreciate it.
Christopher Hume: No, thanks for reaching out, Amy. And I'll follow up on Monday or Tuesday next week.
Amy McAlpine: Yeah, that sounds good. Have a good weekend.
Christopher Hume: Yeah, have a nice, warm weekend.
Amy McAlpine: Yeah. Thanks.
Christopher Hume: Yeah.