Adam Harrison: Hi, Angie.
Angie Corbin: Good morning.
Adam Harrison: Good morning. How are you?
Angie Corbin: Running like crazy?
Adam Harrison: How are you? I am good. Thank you for. Yeah, thank you for making time early. And I'm sorry it's been a little hard to coordinate, so thank you for your patience on that.
Angie Corbin: Yeah, you as well. Trying to get my. I had to take my truck in to get a windshield put in. So. Hitchhiking.
Adam Harrison: Oh, yeah.
Angie Corbin: Yeah. Let's see if I can get my earbuds to work now.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, I mean, if it's easier to go off video, if you're in movement, that's totally fine, too.
Angie Corbin: So not. Not to worry. She's being past your princess.
Adam Harrison: Great, great. Well, it's good you're not driving at least.
Adam Harrison: Definitely have some calls people are trying to drive and talk and do video. So.
Angie Corbin: Not today.
Adam Harrison: Not today. Not today. Well, great. I mean, I could kind of go ahead and jump into things here once. Oh, once your audio's up and running.
Angie Corbin: It's okay. I'll just use the speaker.
Adam Harrison: Okay. So, yeah, let's. Let's kind of touch base on where things are at. So I know Blue Cross is sort of your primary. Payer.
Angie Corbin: I did find. I found an address that's actually a physical address, so I've got to change that, and that'll be all good.
Adam Harrison: Okay, awesome. Is it, like, one of these. Like, local sublets or therapist spaces, or there's, like, some options like that? I know that's a.
Angie Corbin: It's a clinic. It's not. It's not used a lot. I don't even know that it's used, but it's. It's a clinic in a little town not far away from us that a friend of mine owns. Given what she does, and she just, like, rents out a room to people once a month or twice a month. So I'm just.
Adam Harrison: That's perfect.
Angie Corbin: I'm piggybacking off of her.
Adam Harrison: Okay, great. That sounds amazing. I was going to suggest something like that. So that sounds perfect. And then it looks like I'm just looking in your Tebra account. Looks like you have three Blue Cross patients currently. Is that. Does that sound correct?
Angie Corbin: Should be four or five. Should be Donna, Katie. Both Watson's. And I think. Whites and in both Watford, I think.
Adam Harrison: Katie.
Angie Corbin: Catherine.
Adam Harrison: Oh, I don't know if I see her in here. She and your Jotic account, do you know?
Angie Corbin: She is.
Angie Corbin: Her last name is Horton.
Adam Harrison: Okay, let me. Hold on. Let me log into the right account here so I make sure I now. Give me one minute.
Angie Corbin: So that's.
Adam Harrison: That's the next step to make sure we have all your patients in here so that we can do the billing right away.
Angie Corbin: Okay. I still got some notes open. I gotta fix. I tell you, I don't mean this to sound ugly, but when your primary caregiver of someone and they pass away trying to clean up everything takes forever.
Adam Harrison: I can't even imagine.
Angie Corbin: And she didn't have much, but good. Gosh, a mighty has taken forever. Now I'm trying to find that address.
Adam Harrison: Okay, so let's go through them one more time. So you said Donna. That's. Donna Fowler. Make sure. Fowler.
Angie Corbin: Right?
Adam Harrison: I only see Michelle and Tiffany in jot sec.
Angie Corbin: I don't even know who Tiffany is. You mean as far as.
Adam Harrison: Just any patients. So I think I'll have to load Donna into your account. So let me take that as a to do. And then who are the other one was Catherine?
Angie Corbin: Catherine. Patent. Horton. H-O-R-T-O-N.
Adam Harrison: Okay. Looks like she is in here. So that one is all set. And then there was a third one you said.
Angie Corbin: Let me look at my list here. Excuse me. I'm sorry. Catherine Horton. I'm trying to say who else I still see. Josh Watford. Joshua.
Adam Harrison: Yep. Looks like he's in here.
Angie Corbin: His wife should be there as well, but she's not even showing up in Tabra. Oh, there she is. Robin Watford.
Adam Harrison: Robin. I see her as well. Looks like she is. Let's make sure we got Lucross. Yep, I see her in here, too.
Angie Corbin: Okay. Watkins. W-I-T-K-I-N-S.
Adam Harrison: Ay. Blue cross. Yep. That's in here.
Angie Corbin: And I think Shamika is Kroger. Shamika ales.
Adam Harrison: Elliot or.
Angie Corbin: No, e s.
Adam Harrison: Okay.
Angie Corbin: And I think she's quite good.
Adam Harrison: Oh, interesting. It looks like we have on file for her United Healthcare Dental, which looks like that obviously is not correct.
Angie Corbin: Maybe that's one of those not paying. So.
Adam Harrison: He's not. What'd you say?
Angie Corbin: Maybe that's why it's not paying. It's not the right insurance.
Adam Harrison: Yeah. So we'll have to take a look for her. Let me take that as a next step. To do some. Do some digging there.
Angie Corbin: I'm almost in your message and ask her to check her insurance.
Adam Harrison: Okay. Any others for Blue Cross?
Angie Corbin: I think that's it, period.
Adam Harrison: Okay. Is that for all your. I. Do you have any others that are, like, United or what was. What were your other payers? Let me check my list here.
Angie Corbin: Let's move. Make sure Carrie Barefoot gets moved over. She was getting new insurance.
Adam Harrison: Carrie barefoot. Okay, hold on.
Angie Corbin: This is going to come back as soon as she gets changed.
Adam Harrison: Oh, yeah. She's. You have her as Blue Cross right now, which that's changing, you said? Okay.
Angie Corbin: I don't know if I can go back and file on her.
Adam Harrison: Carrie. Carrie Barefoot. So we'll have to just see what the dates are for when her coverage and her coverage, like, lapsed.
Angie Corbin: I do not. I'm sorry.
Adam Harrison: That's okay. Yeah, we'll. We'll take a look. Do you know what dates you still need to build for? For her.
Angie Corbin: All of them.
Adam Harrison: That makes it easy. That makes it easy. Okay. And then my last question here regarding the address change process with Blue Cross. Have you already submitted, like, a request to do that, or is that still.
Angie Corbin: Still in motion? That's. That's on my list of things to do today.
Adam Harrison: Okay. Do you know how long it took them to get back to you the first time you reached out? Is it, like, pretty quick or do they drag their.
Angie Corbin: No, it was less than a week.
Adam Harrison: Okay. Okay. So let's hope we can hear back. Maybe even this week would be great if they can get that. Up and running. And then last thing, would you also be able to just send me the address so I can make sure we build that address, too?
Angie Corbin: Let me send it to you through here or email.
Adam Harrison: Either one, whatever is easy. I know you're in the car, so
Angie Corbin: whatever need to get us some breakfast. On the little chat, D. Notes. You know, when it rains, it pours. This weekend, we had to go get our cotton pick and dryer. It was not. In the overall plans of things. Where's the. I can't find the chat box.
Adam Harrison: It's probably hidden on your phone, if that's where you're calling from. So if it's easier to do email or text, that works too.
Angie Corbin: I'll just. I'll email it to you or something.
Adam Harrison: Okay.
Angie Corbin: All right, great. Let me. Sign my email. Can I just respond to your invite?
Adam Harrison: Yeah. Yeah, that's perfect.
Angie Corbin: Computer illiterate, especially on Monday morning.
Adam Harrison: Where I'm trying to remember all these. I'm gonna get my coffee, and then I'll be. I'll be a little sharper after that, hopefully.
Angie Corbin: I had coffee, and it's just not. Okay, come on now. There we go. Reply. I haven't had my energy drink yet. I have to tag team it. All right, so the address is gonna be 189. Up north. And this may change as well because I think they are renaming the street after the owner's dad.
Adam Harrison: Oh.
Angie Corbin: Who was. A prominent figure? Okay.
Adam Harrison: All right, let's make sure I got it. Do you know, are they changing it?
Angie Corbin: Soon? No, I think they're still in the process of partitioning the city and going through all the. Stuff that goes with it.
Adam Harrison: Okay. And is there, like, an office number or a suite number or something? It's just. Or it's just this address.
Angie Corbin: Okay.
Adam Harrison: All right, that's great. I will make sure we got this loaded into your profile. Few follow-ups on these patients, making sure they're all loaded into jot psych with the right info. A few eligibility things that we'll check on as well for you. Any other payers we should be thinking about at this point, Angie, or just Blue Cross for the time being?
Angie Corbin: Trying to get a few Cigna patients. Moved over? Cigna. And I'm gonna start focusing on the VA as well. So I think it's Humana VA that I have right now.
Adam Harrison: Okay, great.
Angie Corbin: I'm gonna start trying to. I'm gonna call them and see what I need to do to get tricare as well. Because there is no TRICARE provider in this area.
Adam Harrison: Oh, okay. Well, yeah, that. That all sounds great. I know you planning to do just the same address for all of them. Just to keep it simple. Okay, well, yeah, I think on those, just keep us posted on. How, you know, how they get back to you. I know.
Adam Harrison: You know, take a little back and forth. Do you currently have any Cigna patients or other patients that we should just be mindful of?
Angie Corbin: No. If I do, I'll let you know. I'm trying to. Steal some from Rula. Okay. I don't know. I'm hesitant because I don't know which is going to pay me the most.
Adam Harrison: Right?
Angie Corbin: You know, if I make more seeing them through ruler, then that's just. Makes sense. Stupid to move them.
Adam Harrison: Yeah. Yeah, exactly. Don't. Don't. Don't try to change it if it's working and it's not broken. So I hear you. Okay, well, let's. Let's just try to focus on Blue Cross for the time being and make sure that's all clear and good to go. And then I think also you should feel free to go ahead and start. Like, signing notes and jot psych and creating claims for them.
Angie Corbin: I did a couple.
Adam Harrison: Okay.
Angie Corbin: And they. I don't know. It said something. I don't remember what it said, but it didn't go through.
Adam Harrison: Oh, there was some kind of error. Okay, I'll take a look at your account. Let me see. Make sure you got all the right permissions set up. But, yeah, I would say feel free to go through for each of those Blue Cross. Any. Any encounter you want us to bill for. Just go ahead and sign the note. And then press create claim. And we'll. We'll handle the rest.
Adam Harrison: We will just wait to bill until your address is. Up to date on file with them. But I think, you know, we might as well get the notes signed and. Yeah, prepped so that once it's, you know, green lights, we can just go, go, go.
Angie Corbin: I did have a question, but it just left. Billing. Oh, the audits. How many audits? Because it keeps telling me you have X number left of whatever.
Adam Harrison: Oh, the jot audit thing. Yeah, I think that's a little. That should. I'll just go ahead and turn that on for your account. So you should stop seeing that metering thing there that it's probably giving you. Yeah. Is that. Are you finding that helpful or is that kind of distracting?
Angie Corbin: I find it helpful. It's a little difficult when you click on the little. Text little I for information. I finally found where it says, do you want us to put this in for you? I don't know where I found it, but I found it. Okay. That's a little difficult.
Adam Harrison: Okay. All right. I'll relay that back to the so. But I've got at least. It's. Somewhat helpful. Certainly some. Some Kinks to work out. Still. Okay, great. Anything else, Angie, that I can help with at this point? I think we got pretty clear. Yeah.
Angie Corbin: I don't think so. I certainly. I do appreciate you being patient with me and helping. I. We can have nothing electronic. At work.
Adam Harrison: It's all. Yeah, I'm sorry. I know I was. My calendar has been crazy, too, so totally fine. And I. I understand it's. It's a challenging environment, and you're obviously. Pretty, pretty tight, too. So I appreciate you making time kind of on the beginning and end of your day here. Awesome. One other update, Angie. So I am. This is actually going to be my last week at Jotsey here. So Jackson is actually going to be kind of jumping in here. Next. And he's, you know, him and I are very much in sync, so you won't. You won't miss a beat at all. But. But, yeah, he is. He is kind of going to be your point person going forward. Have you met. You've. You met. You've met Jackson, or have you not at this point?
Angie Corbin: Kind of dark hair, kind of crazy?
Adam Harrison: Yeah.
Adam Harrison: I think I'm Well, we're all a little crazy here, so it's not, you know, that could be multiple people on the team, but he's working with Sykes. Yeah, exactly. He's our CTO, so he also will be able to fix any bugs that you. See if you're seeing, like, a job audit thing not working. He's going to be able to also go in and kind of, like, get those fixes done.
Adam Harrison: Whereas, you know, for me, I am sort of a. Just. Just a messenger, you know, at this. At this stage. So I think it'll be actually pretty good.
Angie Corbin: Pretty good setup for you. I wish you well on whatever your next Endeavor is.
Adam Harrison: Well, thank you, Angie. I really appreciate that. And, yeah, I've enjoyed kind of getting you. Getting you set up here, and hopefully we can get. Yeah, hopefully we can get these first claims out for you before I go.
Adam Harrison: But, you know, we're. We're at the whim and mercy of Blue Cross as. As you go. But. But, yeah, likewise.
Angie Corbin: All right.
Adam Harrison: All right. Well, thank you, Angie. I'll just Loop Jackson in on my follow-up email and then you two can kind of coordinate on anything that. That you need from there. And I'll. I'll be here for the next week if there's any. Anything that comes up to. That.
Angie Corbin: All right, Adam, I appreciate it.
Adam Harrison: All right. Thank you, Angie. Take care. Bye-bye. All right. Bye.