Nathan Peereboom: Clients you see, and, and just where you are in your. In building your. Your business and your career.
Adedayo Adebisi: Yeah, I live in California and I'm licensed in California and Idaho, but I just solely do Idaho right now. I'm sorry, California right now. So I work in an urgent care with another practice. And. But I also. But just mental health. I'm sorry, phys. Family practice in urgent care. And then I do psych mental health. And that's my own practice. Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: Yes. Why are you interested in pulling billing into your. What do you do for billing and what are the things that you kind of wish you could do with billing?
Adedayo Adebisi: Yeah. So right now. So it's very complicated. I have talk space. Right. Right now I have like three plus I have three platforms. One is talk space. They. They do their billing. I have no problems with that because they just give me the patience and, and, and they just bill me. But then, hey, I have two platforms that build for me. One is Edway. They'll bill for me. No problems. But they don't do medical.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah.
Adedayo Adebisi: And. Yeah, so that's. And then the other one also as well. It's just commercial insurances. They don't do medical. So I was thinking if I could, because I'm working on medical right now, so I'm thinking maybe if I find a medic, you know, someone who do the medical. Maybe. Maybe that will be helpful. So. Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: Awesome. Are you credential? Like, do you need help with credentialing or do you have independent credentialing so you can practice outside of those MSOs?
Adedayo Adebisi: So the only help I need with credentialing is I. Ehp. I'm not sure if you're familiar with ihp.
Nathan Peereboom: Ip. Let's see.
Adedayo Adebisi: It's a medical.
Nathan Peereboom: Oh, it's a health plan.
Adedayo Adebisi: Yeah, it's a. It's. So in other states it will be Medicaid.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, but I understand. Okay.
Adedayo Adebisi: Yeah. But anyways, so IHP is the only thing I'm working on with their credentialing and stuff. It's a little complicated. But anyways, credentialing with Medicare. And I think I got that because I'm already a Medicare provider already.
Adedayo Adebisi: I'm just trying to integrate that into my practice. So that one is in process right now. But yeah, gotcha.
Nathan Peereboom: So it sounds like you have credentialing all under control, like you're totally fine with credentialing.
Adedayo Adebisi: I would say so for now. Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, cool. That makes sense. Tell me about your relationship with Jotsych. How often do you use Jotsych what's your workflow around it? All that good stuff?
Adedayo Adebisi: I use Jotsy every day because. That's the major note taking AI that I use for all my patients. And I don't really use it for charting. I just use it to kind of copy what I send. And it's been helpful so far.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, that makes a lot of sense. When we reached out to you about our billing services, what were you excited about? What made you say, oh, I want to learn more? I'm excited to explore this?
Adedayo Adebisi: With me, it was the medical aspect of it that I thought probably will be a good fit for. Yeah. Do you guys do, like, other than medical? You do like, what are your. What, what, what. What do you credential with? Like, what do you help your credential into? Or.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, so we are a full service billing offering. So whether. If you need a credentialing, that's always like, a nice place to start for us because it helps us, like, develop a relationship with your payer. But that's not the only way to do it. You know, we also do eligibility checks. We'll submit your billing for you will do all the appealing and denial, like, you know, dealing with denials.
Nathan Peereboom: And we also do, like, financial reporting so that you know exactly how much you're. You're, you know, you're making or where things are lagging. So it's, it's really, you know, it's kind of like a choose your own adventure sort of, you know, sort of offering. I think if what you're. What I'm hearing is that there's a particular.
Nathan Peereboom: And are you saying Medi Cal or are you saying medical? Like, is it that you want to be doing medical billing or do you want to be billing to medical the payer?
Adedayo Adebisi: So I want to be saying Medical patients, which is Medi Dixie.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay.
Adedayo Adebisi: Yeah, Medical. For some reason, it's California Medicare.
Nathan Peereboom: Gotcha. So California's Medicare program is called Medi Cal.
Adedayo Adebisi: Yeah, it's called Medical. And then we now, we don't have. It's complicated. But anyways, we now have Iehp, which is Inland Empire Health Plan, which is under Medicare. I know, it's kind of weird.
Adedayo Adebisi: Yeah, that makes sense. Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: Well, I can tell you right now if we can build for them. I mean, I'm 99% sure we can, but let me just. IEHP. Yep. Okay. So we cover IEHP.
Adedayo Adebisi: Okay.
Nathan Peereboom: And we also cover all Medi Cal plans, Medi Cal, California Medical, Dental, and then everything under. So Centene. Umr. Santee. Yeah, everything that's medical. We do.
Adedayo Adebisi: We do cover. Okay, that'll be what I. Because. So I think that'll be because I'm waiting for. I'm already, like I said, I'm already like a medical provider, but with a group. So I'm trying to do. I'm trying to get out of the group because I can't hear. Use them as my billing because it's a group, so I have to get out of the. Not get out, but then have my own. That's what I'm waiting for. I'm not sure how long that would take for them to get it done. Maybe three months or so. And I'm waiting for my ihp, that'll be my physician, once, maybe next month to start. So anyways, it'll be there about three months to kind of say I'm ready to start billing. IHP or medical, if I'm. Yeah, so.
Nathan Peereboom: Gotcha.
Nathan Peereboom: So are you looking for a billing service just to do those two, or is your dream. Hey, I want to move all my, you know, headway, talk space patients into this billing system where I can make more money from the fact that they're not, you know, that the MSO or the platform is not taking a big fee.
Adedayo Adebisi: Yeah. So what? Many patients are a lot. They're volume. It's. It's all volume for them, even though it's not a lot of money. But anyway, so if I see that I have volume on there, on maybe the drug Psych, if you realize that, okay, I'm billing Medicare person. I have a lot. And I definitely don't want to have different platforms everywhere. So I definitely will probably in the future then bring them to the same spot where I have Medicare billing because that will make more sense. That'll be. That'll be my plan then soon. Yeah, Gotcha.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, cool. When you think about, like, what you wish JOT Psych could do for you right now, what.
Nathan Peereboom: What do you wish JOT Psych was doing for you, like, now rather than just in three months right now?
Adedayo Adebisi: I don't. I just. Just the. The AI for now is good. Yeah. Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: Do you do E Prescription by any chance?
Adedayo Adebisi: Yes, I do. Do you guys do E Prescription on just like.
Nathan Peereboom: We are launching it this week. So. So it's live now, but. But I'm curious, do you. Do you need. Is E Prescription something you have in your ehr? Do you. How does that work?
Adedayo Adebisi: Good question. So script is what I'm using, but I'm. I'm not sure if you know Clarity. Do you. Are you familiar with Clarity?
Nathan Peereboom: Clarity? Is that an ehr?
Adedayo Adebisi: It's. It's a platform that they give patients and stuff. But yeah, I. I'm not. Right now. I'm not kind of using them anymore to give patients that are very pricey. But I'm using their script that I subscribe to their script, so.
Nathan Peereboom: Script.
Adedayo Adebisi: Oh, interesting. Yeah. So script is a prescribing out of it. Script is a prescribing software. Okay, that, that I'm using with them. I'm using it with them because it's not that expensive, like 30 something dollars a month, so. Which is fine. So you say you're launching yours because I didn't see, you know, just like, okay, so you guys are launching it this week. Yeah, yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: So right now we're signing folks up to, to give it a try right now. And the benefit, I mean, if you're interested, the benefit is that when you prescribe a medication, all that data comes back into job psych and it makes the notes really, really rich.
Adedayo Adebisi: Yeah.
Adedayo Adebisi: Okay, that's a good thing. You know, is it going to be like, are you going to be adding more money to the subscription or.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, it's going to be an extra, I think like 60 to $70 per month for folks who decide to use it. And you know, the value is that, you know, it's fully integrated with, you know, with the note and you can, you know, you can build other documents based on it and you can do forms and labs all in the same place as well as billing.
Adedayo Adebisi: Oh, labs. You guys are putting in labs too, as well?
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, so we already have labs. I don't know if you. Here, let me share my screen with you for a sec.
Adedayo Adebisi: Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: So at the bottom of every note, do you put patient data in your, in your notes?
Adedayo Adebisi: Do you like, you mean their names and birthdays?
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, yeah. Or just even like any identifier?
Adedayo Adebisi: Not really, just. Oh, identifier. No, I. Identifier. Prn. No, I didn't. No, no identifier. As far as I know. Gotcha.
Nathan Peereboom: So if you do put an identifier in at the bottom of the screen, you'll notice that you can create any arbitrary docum them. You can send follow up emails or text messages and then, and then as I mentioned, you can order labs and if you talk about a lab in the visit, we'll like pre. Populate all the information so that you can just click a button and say generate labs PDF.
Adedayo Adebisi: Oh, I see. So one question I have is. So what was I going to say? So for the labs you have to have an account, right. With LabCorp or Quest. Right.
Nathan Peereboom: Right now we're just generating the document that you can upload into any laboratory system you'd like.
Adedayo Adebisi: I see. So we could just upload it and. Okay, I think I knew it was here. Oh, so we could send it to the patient. Right, so they could. Yeah. Okay. I have to explore. I have to explore that. I. I can't see, but I will. I'll explore the lab option where you have.
Nathan Peereboom: Totally. Okay, really helpful. I. I'm kind of curious. What ehr. Do you use?
Adedayo Adebisi: I'm sorry, that was a question.
Nathan Peereboom: What electronic health record do you use for patients that you're not seeing through, like headway or talkspace?
Adedayo Adebisi: Yes. So talkspace they have their own ehr. They have their own ehr. So headway. So I have two options on headway is either I bring my notes from that psych if I want, or they have their own EHR as well. I prefer to use theirs because there's, you know, I wouldn't have to. They won't have to keep sending it back to me to make changes. Because I just use their own inbuilt billing specific notes. So right now, I used to use Optima for my ehr, but then I had too many stuff that I'm not using, so I had to close that down because they don't have AI. I came to just site because the AI was beneficial. I used to use Optimantra in the past.
Nathan Peereboom: Gotcha. Would it benefit you to use Jotsec as your ehr, or is that something that, you know, you feel like? I actually don't need an EHR right now.
Adedayo Adebisi: I could use it if for. I think for now I'm. Let me see. I don't think I'll need it for now. I. So. Well, is it. If I use your ehr, is it different from what I'm having, what I see right now?
Nathan Peereboom: Well, no, except for the fact that, like, all your patient data would actually be in there. So, you know, it would enable. And you could do things like, you know, send patient communications, you could collect payment from patients. You could like, you know, do again, like everything would be in one place. Some people find that valuable, some people don't.
Adedayo Adebisi: Oh, okay. If it's collecting payments, that kind of makes sense because that's. I'm using clarity right now and they're okay. So how does that work if I'm, if I want to, like, do the EHR and send communication and collect notes and stuff that you still talked about?
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, so the way it would work is nothing would really change for you. Like, all you would do is you, you know, every time you went to record, you'd actually put in like the real patient information. And then, you know, when you were in jots, like, you'd be able to look at patients and see their entire record. You'd be able to see their scores, you'd to be able.
Nathan Peereboom: Be able to see what medications they were on, past encounters, you know, their demographics. And then from that screen, you know, you could do things like request payments. So you could be like, oh, I need a $50 co pay, and you could just send it and then that would get routed to you as soon as they paid it. So, you know, and then of course, as I mentioned, you know, if you'd like to do bill, if you'd like us to do your billing or credentialing, like that's, you know, that's a separate service and we're happy to provide that. But even without that, JOTS is a complete electronic health record at this point.
Adedayo Adebisi: So I don't need any changes to what I have right now to do that?
Nathan Peereboom: No, not right now. I think that, of course, if you want to do e prescription, we'd have to, like, turn that on. And there'll be other features that, that sort of turn on, you know, as time, as time passes. But right now, it functions as a full electronic health record. And we do things like, we'll save your note for seven years to, like, you know, keep up with compliance. There's, you know, we try and protect you from audits and, you know, audit risk as well. Have you ever been through an audit? Has that fate ever befallen you?
Adedayo Adebisi: No, thank God, no.
Nathan Peereboom: Well, one of the things we do is we. We allow you to, like, set rules for when a note gets signed. So, for example, a lot of payers reject notes or visits if the PDMP is not reviewed.
Adedayo Adebisi: So we make it so you.
Nathan Peereboom: You are attesting to that before you sign the note. And you can, you can like, select, like, what these rules are when you go to jot audit. But. But the goal here is, like, we just want to make it so that you feel confident about everything that you document, that you sign and that you bill.
Adedayo Adebisi: Okay. Oh, yeah. Okay. So I can see all those things you're talking about. I can see labs and I can see billing because I've never actually gone into the other things there. I just record and I go. So, yeah, so good to know the patient part.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, well, we're also happy. I mean, I don't know if this is useful to you, but we'd be happy to move your patient data if you have your patient data in another platform. We're happy to do a transition that, like, at least allows Jottech to have all that background data for you so that you can start using it as an EHR really easily.
Adedayo Adebisi: Okay. Yeah. And so I'm just looking at. Okay, I'm looking at the focus stripe. You guys use the stripe. Okay. All right. So. Okay. Yes. I will explore all the features on there that I didn't even know that it could and see what's amazing. Would you.
Nathan Peereboom: Oh, yeah, go on.
Adedayo Adebisi: I'm so sorry. Do we, like, if I need to email somebody about something, I just go to contact. Right.
Nathan Peereboom: If you need to get in touch with us. Yeah, that's. That's a great way. There's a few different ways to contact us, but. But yeah, if you go to the help menu and you say book onboarding, that's also. Or contact support are great ways to get in touch with us.
Adedayo Adebisi: Okay, Sounds good.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. I have a question. Would you. Would you be interested in doing a month of re prescription just to see how it compares to scripts?
Adedayo Adebisi: $60, right. Per month?
Nathan Peereboom: I think. I think it's around that.
Adedayo Adebisi: It might be like 69 or so. Yeah, that's high because I paid. Right now it's $30 with curry.
Nathan Peereboom: So what if we did a discount for the first month? What if we did like the first month at like $10 just so you could try it and then you could cancel if you don't like it?
Adedayo Adebisi: I'm thinking. Let me see.
Nathan Peereboom: And here's. Here's the benefit. The benefit is just that it's all in one place. I mean, you sound like you have a lot of different systems you use, but being able to have a single electronic health record that contains all of your patient information and allows you to do things like. I mean, you saw some of it, but I'll just give an example. Do you ever write letters or documents for.
Adedayo Adebisi: For your patients.
Nathan Peereboom: Is that something you ever do?
Adedayo Adebisi: So, yeah, maybe some kind of accommodation letters and stuff. Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, check this out. So if you go down to documents, you could say, what's something that you would write an accommodation letter for?
Adedayo Adebisi: Maybe. Maybe to be in maybe a back office instead of the front to prevent patients. I mean, supervisor. To prevent. I mean, to reduce contact with customers.
Nathan Peereboom: Something like that. Yeah.
Adedayo Adebisi: Cool.
Nathan Peereboom: All right, so all you have to do in our generator is write the document that you want, and it takes all of that, you know, the medication data, the note data, the lab data, and it writes a perfect letter for. For that exact request. And then you can save this as a template or you can modify it, you can share it with your patient. So, I mean, that's just one example. But, like, having all the data in one place, it has all of these other efficiencies when it comes to anything documentation or billing related. So that would be my. My advice to you would be if you've never tried a fully integrated platform like job site, it's really, really worth trying because all the energy that you otherwise would be spending, you know, writing those letters, coordinating the data, following up on subscriptions you forgot existed, you know, you can eliminate that and really just focus just on patient care. And particularly if you use our, you know, billing service down the line, like, you won't even have to worry about that. You could be like, nate, I want you guys to credential me with 20 different payers, and I'm just gonna, like, start getting patients. They sign up through jot Psych. I've got all their intake forms in one place. They're all on one calendar. Like, everything can be really, really, really, like, centralized in job psych. And so it's a good. It's a good toe dip to experience if the core thing that you do, which is prescribed medication, fits into that workflow.
Adedayo Adebisi: Okay, it sounds good, but what? Like, I don't want to have too many stuff at the same time. So if I want to integrate, I definitely would think about it and maybe take myself out for all this little. Little minor ones that I have once, you know. Yeah. One at a time. And then I can. If not, I'll be all over the place and.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah.
Adedayo Adebisi: So for now. And I can always.
Adedayo Adebisi: I can always subscribe if I. Yeah, if I get myself out of all these things and be one place. If not, I'll be all over the place. Like, I'll be there, here, and confused, Confusing. But, yeah, I will. I'll definitely consider it. Okay. Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: Perfect. Well, could I shoot you a text next? Like, let's just say next Monday and just, like, hear kind of what you've been thinking around this.
Adedayo Adebisi: Yeah, sure.
Nathan Peereboom: All right, perfect.
Adedayo Adebisi: Yes.
Nathan Peereboom: Send. Okay, perfect. I'm going to send you a text. And, yeah, we just love to hear how your thinking has evolved over the next week. And if there's any way I can, like, serve you or, like, help you get set up, like, I'm always here. Okay.
Adedayo Adebisi: Okay, sounds good. Thank you so much.
Nathan Peereboom: All right, take care. Bye. Bye.
Adedayo Adebisi: You, too. Bye.