Christopher Hume: Okay. Okay, good, good, good. I guess the seatbelt will be coming from the other side, so I think first thing. Did you guys get an email last night to set up your job site stuff?
Garden Gioia: Yeah. For rippling?
Christopher Hume: Yep, for rippling. And then it should have been how you can set up your Gmail account, too. Did you get that?
Garden Gioia: Yes. I haven't done it yet, but I saw that come through.
Christopher Hume: Okay, cool. So if you guys could set. Actually, Ryan, maybe not for you right now, since you're in a car, but, Joya, do we want to try and set up that meeting or the meeting. The email now just to see, make sure there's no hiccups while we're on the call together, and then I can just start adding you to all of our resources.
Garden Gioia: Yeah. Okay. Do you want me to set up the email first? Like, the email first?
Garden Gioia: Okay, sign in. Okay. Google accounts, personal security. Sign in. Google password. Hold on. Set up a home address, device, password, the email. Okay, hold on.
Garden Gioia: It just, like, brought me to my own sort of like, Gmail thing.
Christopher Hume: So do you want to share your screen?
Garden Gioia: Yes, I can do that. One second. Yeah, share. Okay. So it brought me to this when I clicked on it.
Christopher Hume: Interesting.
Garden Gioia: And let me see. I see that I have, like, a garden@jotpsych.com that he said. Let me just search that.
Christopher Hume: No, do you want to just. Are you in Google Chrome?
Garden Gioia: Yeah.
Ryan McAnelly: Yeah.
Christopher Hume: That do you want to do? Could you show me what the email you received looks like?
Garden Gioia: Yeah.
Christopher Hume: Thanks. This is why we're doing it on the line. Never as easy as it should be. Okay.
Garden Gioia: Can you see that?
Christopher Hume: Yes. So to access your account. Oh, I think what you can do is you actually. So, yeah. Could you go up to the picture of you in the right hand corner?
Garden Gioia: Picture of me in the right hand corner? Yeah.
Christopher Hume: Oh, and of course, I can't see what comes up, but I think there'll be something that says like, add account or something like that.
Garden Gioia: You see that account, hide more accounts, add another account.
Christopher Hume: Yep.
Garden Gioia: Yeah.
Christopher Hume: Then just add another account and use that email and temporary password.
Garden Gioia: Okay. To your new account. Yeah, hold on.
Christopher Hume: Perfect.
Garden Gioia: Yeah.
Ryan McAnelly: Just to share.
Garden Gioia: Okay. Welcome to your new account. I understand. Create a new strong password that you use. Okay. Let's see. Let me just think of something. Sorry, I'm just going to do something.
Christopher Hume: I know I kind of put you on the spot here. It's supposed to be me doing the screen share of emails, but lucky for you, Joya, you doing the screen share with Mel.
Garden Gioia: Yeah. 1, 16. 1, 2, 3. Okay. Okay. Joy Garden. Okay. Sign a crew on your profile. Okay, so I'm in.
Christopher Hume: Awesome. Okay, so I'm going to do right now, Joya, just to make sure we can get you onto the most important stuff is let me add you to Slack.
Garden Gioia: Okay.
Christopher Hume: That's like the main comms. And then you guys can use that to communicate with me moving forward.
Christopher Hume: And I'll be a little. I actually think I respond to your email pretty quickly, but I'm usually tracking email quite a bit more closely. Smart scribe. Invite people. All right, so it's ggardenotzitech.com.
Garden Gioia: yeah.
Christopher Hume: Oh, are you. You actually might already be in Slack. It might have been automatic. Do you have Slack, Joy?
Garden Gioia: Yeah, it's on my phone.
Christopher Hume: Okay. Do you want to pull that up and let's just make sure we can get you into the. Yeah. That you're able to access it and I'll send you a link to a recent recent message in the general ch.
Garden Gioia: Okay, so let's see. Slack home, add a workspace, sign in, join, create and. All right, let's see. G garden@dotSych.com Next, open email app. Oh, my gosh. Open. Yeah. Sorry, guys, you have to listen to me.
Christopher Hume: No, no, no. You. You got put on the slide here, so I appreciate your patience. I meant to set this all up yesterday.
Garden Gioia: Sorry, I'm just not seeing the Slack email, like, confirmation email come through yet, but. Oh, never mind. Hold on one second. Step home.
Christopher Hume: And don't worry, front is a lot better today, so.
Garden Gioia: Great.
Christopher Hume: Because of the absolute damage control I had to do last night. Guys will see me once you get access to Slack. Me begging the engineers for help at like, 8:00'.
Ryan McAnelly: Clock.
Christopher Hume: My guys, you need it. This is an SOS situation.
Garden Gioia: Okay? I'm joining Slack. Accept the invitation. Your name? Joya. Continue. I'm not a robot.
Christopher Hume: And enjoy. You should see the general thread, the customer support thread, and the bug reporting thread. Once you log in, at least.
Garden Gioia: Okay. All right. Welcome to Smart Scribe.
Garden Gioia: I think it's just low. It looks like it's just loading.
Ryan McAnelly: Okay, awesome.
Christopher Hume: Then we don't have to wait for your computer to load, but let's just make sure that's looking good by the end of this call and then kind of once you confirm everything. Worked there, Ryan. That should be a good indicator that your stuff will work when you set it up later. But that's enough pain for now. As a reminder, when you set up your emails, if you could just block off your calendar for the next week and a half, that'd be super helpful for me so I don't have to ping you guys every time we want to schedule something.
Garden Gioia: Yeah, okay.
Christopher Hume: Okay, so let's go through front together again and let me know if you guys can see my screen. Ryan. I know. Okay, cool. And if you need to turn off your camera so you can, like, shove us into your face, that's fine too. Or you could just leave it on and we can look very closely at your face. Yeah, exactly. Okay. And let me actually change this. To something else. We're gonna set the whole window. So as Elise Alexis looks like she's having technical issues. This is so interesting. Like, I never understand how people just realized that they had an issue on February, on January 13, a month and a half ago. But hey, who am I to judge? So this is a classic. I bet she recorded and something happened and the transcript never turned into a note. So January 13, 11am let's see what's going on.
Christopher Hume: Here's a bunch of accounts. Love it. We're going to transcripts. We got to scroll all the way back to January. Let's do 50 a page. January 13th, not looking good. So she said it was the 13th at 12 o'. Clock. So. 11:00am EST. Okay. So it looks like there's just nothing there. So she had this one. Well, she had this one from 10:30 to 11:30. So what do you guys think happened here? Oh, I'm sorry, that's the wrong day. So it's 113 is what we're looking for at 11 Eastern.
Garden Gioia: Yeah, it was like a night. It was like a 15 minute call or meeting.
Christopher Hume: Yeah. But what I think this actually says is there's just. She didn't record it because there's no encounter from before noon on the 13th.
Garden Gioia: Yeah.
Ryan McAnelly: Yeah.
Christopher Hume: This is going to be a really unfortunate one where it's just gonna have to be Chris to say no notes from morning of the 13th, which is sad. All right, now we got some easy ones. People trying to sell us stuff. Jobs like healthcare contracts, contacts. Nope. Let's archive it. Nope. Okay. Jesse Ogle Audit tool isn't generating an actual audit recommendation. This is a classic. Hi, Jesse, and so sorry to hear that. Could you share an image of the recommendation you're receiving or what you're receiving? Or a. Or the date and time of an encounter where it didn't work properly. Thanks for your patience as we get to the bottom this. So this one didn't send. Just to be clear, this is just a note I left myself, but I'll use afterward.
Christopher Hume: Okay, any questions so far? Again, I know this is painful, but we're probably only going to do this one more day before we have you guys handling a lot of this or at least taking a first crack at it. So I want to make sure we wrap it up slowly. So any thoughts, questions, comments off the bat?
Ryan McAnelly: Is that how we're going to do our first crack at it going forward? Like putting a note there for you to circle back and check?
Christopher Hume: Actually, you can. For people who the chats have closed. Yeah, you can put a note, but for people who email in. Oh my God. No one emailed this morning. What the hell? Jesus. Okay, well, if there's an email, you guys can just write and not send it.
Ryan McAnelly: Just write out the email.
Christopher Hume: And all drafts are shared across the entire team. So I would just have you guys write the. The notes and then we do kind of review together, talk about what needs to change. And so we'll probably start that tomorrow or Thursday.
Ryan McAnelly: Perfect.
Christopher Hume: But yeah, don't worry, you guys won't be in the line of fire right away. You'll still have a. A safety net. Okay. Bose Foster. I. Bose and I know, Joy, you're asking, how do you know all these people? Huge waste of grand face, but Bose and I are boys. We. She was a churned customer and like I called her to try and reel her back in. We were testing cold calling campaigns or warm calling campaigns and we hit it off and ended up calling her from the Baltimore airport.
Ryan McAnelly: It was just an absolute mess.
Christopher Hume: I'm like sitting in the terminal. But it all worked out and she's been a paying customer since, so super exciting. So she's missing a psych note from 220 26. So instinctively. What do you think we need to do here?
Garden Gioia: We'll go to her account.
Christopher Hume: Yep.
Garden Gioia: Go to transcript, See more. Find that date.
Christopher Hume: And.
Garden Gioia: Yeah, yeah.
Christopher Hume: So you're right there, Joya. I was hoping what would happen is we'd have one really nice Note on the 20th. With a bunch of chunks and no notes, unfortunately, because she didn't give us the time. But it's pretty clear what happened here. There was just some sort of technical issue between 4 and 4:15. She had three transcripts, two with no chunks, so it meant no audio was captured, and one with very few chunks. And unfortunately a note was created. So we're going to have to tell Bose that there's nothing we can do here. And so I'll show you guys how I respond to those emails. Oh my God. We'll do that in a second because I'm going to need to open a different phone. Go. So you click on the name, click on the email. Make sure you change the email to contact contact.com jetsec support. Hi, Bose, so sorry for the issue with your Note on the 20th. I just reviewed your account.
Christopher Hume: It appears that no. It appears that no audio was captured for the missing note around 9pm or 4pm on the 20th. I'm sorry. My keyboard and my laptop keyboard have different, slightly different buttons. Unfortunately, you cannot restore the note. I flag this for the engineering team and we will try to get to the bottom of this as quickly possible so it does not happen again. Thank you for your patience.
Christopher Hume: It is appreciated. Best. Okay, so that's how I would respond. It's just a pretty generic, like, we're so sorry. Oftentimes I ask, was there anything different about this session? Just to be like, hey, was this, you know, in person instead of remote? Do you use your phone instead of your computer?
Christopher Hume: Just to see. But like, to be honest, this is probably like a technical issue, I would guess. So it needs to be elevated to the engineers. Okay. Any questions there?
Ryan McAnelly: No, that's pretty straightforward.
Christopher Hume: Now we have Susan. Ooh, can you recover a lost recording? Monday, February 23rd at 4pm PST. So 7pm Browser froze. That's promising. That means it's probably not our fault. So same old thing. We're going to go check transcripts for seven. No, there's nothing here. So get. Again, this is going to be like an apology tour, like, we're so sorry. Unfortunately appears when the browser froze. No audio was captured. Please let us know if you need any support in working to make sure this doesn't happen again or something like that.
Garden Gioia: Okay.
Christopher Hume: Okay. That's super awesome. Thanks, Christie. So what do you guys think? How do you guys think we should respond here?
Garden Gioia: Probably something like, we're so sorry. Thank you for letting us know. We have escalated this to the engineering team, something like that. And then. And then like put it in the. The bug reporting slack.
Christopher Hume: So I would say we probably don't want to escalate this one yet.
Garden Gioia: Okay.
Christopher Hume: I think you're instinct, like, hey, we're so sorry.
Christopher Hume: Thank you for letting us know. I'd say. Could you share an example transcript where you found this issue? Could you share the date so at least we have something to look at and we know like, all right, this is a note that's screwed up. Can we see what's going on here? It's always good to ask whenever there's an opportunity to ask for more info. Ask for more info because it sort of makes people feel like they're heard, allows us to respond very quickly with like a tangible action. And like, just to be frank, a lot of people, like, are not going to provide the info and they're just looking like they're like, oh, it actually fixed itself, this case? Probably not. But a lot of times when people are like, I can't find my note. You ask them for info and then they find their note by the time they respond. So it's just a nice way to buy a little time.
Garden Gioia: Okay.
Christopher Hume: The other thing for this one specifically is that in jot. Second, not sure if you were on the call yesterday, Joy, where we reviewed this. Is that you can. If you go to languages. No, if you go to record. Recording, you can un redact names. So J is automatically set up. So all names are redacted in transcripts. But if they're having issues, like, hey, it gets confused between me and my patient, like, hey, well, if you'd like, you can tell J not to redact names. And with that additional context, obviously, obviously, it's going to do a better job telling who's who when one person keeps saying Dr. Garden and the other person keeps saying Chris. So that's a recommendation we can offer for them as well.
Christopher Hume: Okay, so what I'll probably say is, hi. I'm so sorry to hear this. Christy, thanks for letting us know. Could you give us the date and time of encounter where this happened? In the meantime, I would recommend considering turning off name redaction. This often helps. And then send a screenshot of how to do that. So you'd like, take a screenshot of this and then send it to her.
Garden Gioia: Okay.
Christopher Hume: Again, these are. I mean, I know we're going a thousand miles a minute. You guys aren't going to have all the ins and outs of everything on your first go around, so don't worry.
Christopher Hume: But just want to make sure I'm kind of explaining what I would do. Ryan, I saw you unmute there.
Ryan McAnelly: That was good. I was going to say I appreciate you saying that because I'm like, am I going to remember this one?
Christopher Hume: This comes up. No, no, no, no. It's like a learning process. And at first it's going to be you're going to ask questions, you're going to ask more info, you're going to escalate, I'm going to show you how to handle. We understand. I mean, first it's going to be you're going to write something and then I'm going to make suggestions. But even if and when you're sending these out without my oversight, you can't be expected to have the year and month plus of product knowledge that I do in two weeks. That's crazy. So it's. As long as we're friendly, responsive, customer focused, we're going to be all right. Okay, so this was a hanging. So any questions there before we move to assigned tickets?
Ryan McAnelly: Nope.
Christopher Hume: All right, so hanging Chad here, this guy had some issues. I checked in with them to make sure that it got closed out. Because it didn't get closed last week. Yeah, it looks great. Some other stuff is screwed up now. Now, to solve the case, the ever drifting template formatting we're going to have to do here is like, Jay, I'm so sorry. To hear that. What's the name of the. If you share the name of the template, I'm happy to take a look and we can see what's going on. But again, it's asked for more feedback, see if we can get a little more detail. It gives us more to play with. And when you guys are doing this, it allows you to either go in and look around first, it'll at least mean that when you go and you escalate, you don't have to escalate twice. You can be like, hey, I was speaking with Jay. His template seems screwed up. It's this one. Could you take a look? As opposed to you coming to the engineers like, hey, Jay's having issues with templates, and they go, oh, what template? Like, oh, I don't know. Let me ask him. Okay, I asked Jay. Can you guys take a look now? So that's the real goal for you, and that would be success. If we can just minimize the amount. Amount of time we have to go back and forth. Okay, this is another great example. Evan, he. We. We reviewed his yesterday. He told us that someone person's. Another person's name keeps popping up in his notes. Shoot me. And he was looking at a January 13th note. So how he could have expected us to be able to determine what was going on when he asked us a question on February 23, beyond me. So how would you suggest you handle this now?
Garden Gioia: Okay, let me read this. Also popping up instructed the template pull in patient demographic info from the patient. Not pulling in the patient's name, but still pointing recent encounter. Okay. Okay. And is this. Wait, to clarify, is Evan the person who asked about, like, why is incorrect demographic? Oh, no, no. Was it incorrect?
Christopher Hume: No, it is.
Garden Gioia: It was.
Christopher Hume: It's the same demographics for everyone.
Garden Gioia: Yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay. Well, they. He like, lists an encounter, so I think it'd be worth going into his account and looking at that specific encounter from. What is it, like January 13th or something?
Christopher Hume: January 13th at 3:30pm that's exactly what I was thinking. God, I always joke after this is all over, I'm gonna sell like, Porta Potties or something. The amount of like, extra pour and hand holding and like, me being on a. Trying to explain to someone how to unmute, I'm gonna sell the most basic product. Oh, my God. Okay, so he had somehow jot Psych running. For like 25 hours or. No, was that 12, 13, 14. 14 hours.
Garden Gioia: Wait, how do you. Where do you see that?
Christopher Hume: Oh, over here. And it goes to the next day.
Garden Gioia: Yeah. Wow.
Christopher Hume: Okay. So what do you guys think the issue is? Oh, actually, I was too judgmental. That's a whole different issue. He said the one he was having problem with was at 311. Right. Or 332. 332 to 426. So it just looks like that note doesn't. Yes, but this is the closest one we have, So my instinct here is that. Transcript. So my instinct here is that. He's probably having issues because he combined a bunch of sessions that day. But we can check. So this is a. This is his absolute newest progress note. No, that's an HPI interval. Or we know that it puts demographics in HPI interval history. So let's just double check and make sure he hasn't done any crazy training there. Back to Evan content. Absolute newest HPI interval history. Yeah. So this is the prompt. And there's nothing specific in here.
Garden Gioia: Wait, wait. Using only patient demo from the patient's profile page name H. Raison.
Christopher Hume: Okay, that's also. Like, I don't. So I'm kind of stumped on this one. I think it could be he's getting. He just had like a technical difficulty, but it seems like this is something that is continually happening to him. So I think what I'm going to do is like, hey, Evan, it looks like some of your notes on that day got combined. That said, I checked your prompting. Everything looks good. I'm going to escalate this to the engineers. And then we'd escalate to the engineers. We'd be like, hey, template id 8ff4402 complaints of this happening. Can you figure out what's going on here?
Ryan McAnelly: Okay, so if it were something that was changed in the prompt, what would you be looking for specifically when you go back to that other.
Christopher Hume: Great question. All the time people have in here, like for every encounter, make sure you use the name Carl. Carl is a 12 year old male. And it's like. And then they get on a call with us and they're like, why does every note use the name Carl? And it's because they just got confused one time and it's like, would you like every note like this? Maybe they clicked it by mistake. Maybe they were thinking it was asking, do you want the name included? But they actually like trained job psych, that every patient they have is named Carl.
Garden Gioia: Got it.
Christopher Hume: Okay, respond to that one. And I know we're kind of on time here, so let me just kind of check in. I. I'm going to keep chugging through these so you can both stay. But again, I know you guys have full time gigs as well, so in terms of what we need to get done today, we're gonna have our check in at 3 and we're gonna do this again. As painful as it is, I really appreciate if you guys could get signed up and just make sure you get rippling and Google signed up and that you can access Slack and then once we have that up and running, I can get you added to our other systems like Front so you guys can poke around here yourself, etc. And then I'm thinking, yeah, I mean, I've been really kind of impressed with how you guys are either understanding this or putting on a really brave face. So I think probably want to move forward a little bit to coming up with a plan with how you guys can start like writing draft messages probably tomorrow. And we'll break that up how? We plan to do that in our meeting this afternoon. So today mostly just I, um, again, if you need some time to do training, please do review those videos, play around in the software and then we'll have more structured taskings for Wednesday, Thursday, Friday and all of next week.
Ryan McAnelly: Okay, sounds good.
Christopher Hume: Okay, so I'm going to keep checking. Do you. If you guys have time, I'll keep walking through these because I think it is painful but a good use of time. But Ryan, if you're doing something at the warehouse, or Joya, if you need to bounce to start getting ready for some of your clients, that's completely fine to no hostage situations here.
Garden Gioia: I could do like 10 more minutes or so.
Christopher Hume: Okay.
Ryan McAnelly: Yeah, do that.
Christopher Hume: Okay, perfect. All right, so this is just. Glinda is an absolute nightmare. We reviewed her yesterday. She purchased a subscription, then she can't. The account got canceled. None of her notes are showing up she was the one. I was like, damn, this is a real shame. So let's see what's going on. She thinks she's a paying customer. Glenda, Glenda, Glenda. Oh, my God. She's past due. And let's see what's going on with her. Bank blocked. Awesome. So it looks like she mistyped her bank account or her credit card number and her account gets canceled on March 21st. So like this is a complete cluster. What I'm gonna have to do is like explain what's happening. Say like Glenda, it looks like you face some technical difficulties. Your payment also got blocked. I'm happy to reset your account. Make sure you get some more time with the software as an apology for some of the issues you faced. But do you have 15 minutes to jump on a call? Because we need to fix this together.
Garden Gioia: Okay. Okay.
Christopher Hume: And frankly at this point, given a big constraint at job site right now is we haven't grown our full time staff in a long time and we keep like slowly growing complexity and customer base. So it actually probably isn't a great use of my time right now to jump on this call with Glenda. But that is 100% something that next week I'd love for you guys to do with me shadowing and then if there's a fit moving forward, like this kind of hands on help is something a lot of these people need. Yeah, we're not going to be able to sort it out with Glenda over email.
Garden Gioia: Okay. And so she, her payment got declined.
Christopher Hume: Yeah.
Garden Gioia: And then her therefore her subscription and her like access to jot psych is got blocked.
Christopher Hume: Is that, that's a really good question. We had this issue like six months ago where whenever you added someone to a group it, there's like a delay in what it charged them. So when you grew the account. Right. So like oh, you owe like $33. Prorated for the rest of the month. It would mark them past due and then lock every single person at the organization out of their jobsec account which resulted in some very angry high value customers. So the dirty secrets don't go throwing this in all the therapist message boards, Joya, is that if you're past due, you have so much time before we lock you out because we just can't deal with the frustration. So she probably still has access. The real issue is that she canceled her account. So you can tell, you can actually tell from the admin panel. So she's past due, not great. And then she's going to cancel at period end and she has issues with all of her notes. So she just. Oh my God. Oh boy. Again. I'm gonna be selling Porta Potties. I'm gonna be like a porta Potty magnet.
Garden Gioia: Could I really wonder if she wasn't pressing Generate Note or, like, at the end of her recordings.
Christopher Hume: I think that's a really, really, really interesting possibility. So I'm gonna text her like, hey, like. Or email her, like, have you been pushing this button? And see if that helps. But I think, regardless, we need to get her on the line to get her to reactivate her. Okay. So this person's really mad. And just to be honest, like, I went through all these other ones last night and basically just tagged them to the engineers. So we. We actually don't need to go. Like, you can look at them. Just, like, we can look at one or two just as, like, an example for, like, challenges that, like, engineers need to fix. Like, let's review this together. Yeah. So Lee jumped in, and this guy's just so pissed at us. So this falls firmly in the engineering camp.
Garden Gioia: Okay.
Christopher Hume: And then another one like this. Someone, like, her phone number is associated with our email, so she can't create her new business account. Like, there's no I got you. You. Like, I can't get. Go into the database and reset someone's phone number. Like, that is like a. Like, a deep back end thing.
Christopher Hume: And so stuff like this, like, let's look at another one. Seven notes are unaccessible. It's saying, processing. I need these notes. So Nate had already tagged an engineer. Nate Lee looked through them. Never got resolved. So I tagged it to the engineers again last night. So I just, like, there are going to be technical issues that you guys can't solve, so I kind of share these with you just so you start to understand where the bounds of our abilities are. But just so you understand that there's definitely going to be a time. Don't feel bad if you're like, I can't do this. We need technical support. That's just what happens. Okay. Okay, So I think we've gone over enough here. Do. Does that sound like a reasonable plan for today? Just probably a little bit of review of the materials I shared. And then tomorrow we start on more formal taskings of you guys taking over front. I think. For starting to take over. And I think where I would ideally see this is once you guys have a day or two of reps on that, like where the real value is like okay Joya, like you're doing a great job on responding to this type of email. Can you just write a template for us and we just use that every time or Ryan, really understand like how to read, how to record a note, like could you write a support article for us? So that's kind of how I see the next after today going, but just kind of want to take a temperature check. How are you guys doing? How are the first day, day and a half been so far?
Garden Gioia: Good? Yeah.
Ryan McAnelly: Yeah, great. No, and I was watching some of the your customer source, customer support meetings, other videos. Man, I, I feel your pain. But it's good to see them because not being from having this background, you know, being able to pick up on the lingo, see how their speak and work with us and stuff. So it was super helpful.
Christopher Hume: Wonderful then. Yeah. Let's. So big goals for today. Let's get your system set up. Make sure you have your calendar blocked off so I don't have to bother you with calendar questions. And let's just do a little bit more prep. We will tag up I believe at 3:30 Eastern or 3:00 Eastern. We'll go through front again, make sure we get it cleared out and we'll come up with a plan for how we can break up. You guys starting to dip your toes into responding for the rest of the week.
Garden Gioia: Cool, Sounds good.
Christopher Hume: Awesome guys.
Garden Gioia: Sweet.
Christopher Hume: Have a good one. Talk to you guys later.
Ryan McAnelly: Bye guys.
Garden Gioia: See you.