Christopher Hume: Jot Psych first, but let's get off and running. Let me just put my. Run a show on my end.
Ryan McAnelly: Yeah, no, I appreciate your flexibility too.
Christopher Hume: It was nice to be able
Ryan McAnelly: to poke around in the software itself, YouTube videos, because like you said, they are a little bit different.
Christopher Hume: Yeah. When you're kind of updating a product, so quickly becomes incredibly challenging to keep all the materials up to, you know, to date all the time. It was. Well, south of you. I was down in Florida yesterday for. For work, and wow, it was. I was cold. I was like, what is going on? This isn't.
Ryan McAnelly: It's like a mind triple.
Christopher Hume: Yeah, That's okay. So I'm good to go now.
Christopher Hume: Any kind of questions off the bat before we kind of switch roles here and. And I'll be the. The customer that needs some help.
Ryan McAnelly: No, no, I think I'm good to go.
Christopher Hume: Perfect. Well, I appreciate you kind of taking the time to meet today. I've been just. Yeah. Would love some time. Some help getting up and running with Jot Psych, so appreciate if you could help me there.
Ryan McAnelly: Yeah, absolutely. So let's. Yeah. Before I. Before we jump in, I would love to understand a little bit more about what you're trying to accomplish today in today's session. Just to make sure that I can tailor my workflow to make sure that, you know, we're checking all the boxes on your end to start with. I'd love to ask you a few questions. We'll go over, you know, what I heard and then see, you know, how we can walk through it together to get everything answered for you. Sound good?
Christopher Hume: Yeah, no, that sounds great.
Ryan McAnelly: Awesome. So, yeah, just to start off, like, what are you looking to accomplish through today's session?
Christopher Hume: Well, I'm just a solo provider. I have. I do some work through growth therapy, and I, I, you know, notes take me a lot of time. I was just hoping if you could show me, you know, maybe how to record, how to edit my notes and then, I don't know, can you guys do custom templates? If so, I'd love to. Love to learn from that.
Ryan McAnelly: Yeah. Awesome. Yeah, we definitely can. So we'll dive into that a little bit later too. So. Yeah. What is. So in. In your opinion, what does a successful meeting today look like? Is it just walking away knowing all that, or do you want to pick up a little bit extra stuff?
Christopher Hume: Well, if you could show me how to record a session and get it and get a note. Into my ehr and save me all that time. And on notes, I would love to start using you guys. I mean, I have an appointment at 11:15. If I could have my appointment at 11:15 and have the note in my EHR by 12, that'd be pretty great.
Ryan McAnelly: Perfect. Awesome. So what I'm hearing is. Is your. Is your. Your biggest pain point right now, just time savings and making, like, just getting everything into your ehr properly.
Christopher Hume: Yeah, right. It's crazy, Ryan. Like, I had to type it all out. It's my ehr. It's like I'm trying to type during the session, but it's just a. It's a real challenge. I. I struggle to type while I'm speaking, so it takes me a good 30 to 45 minutes after each session to get my notes submitted.
Ryan McAnelly: Okay. All right, so just. Just to give me a little bit insight into your workflow. Like, what. What are you doing immediately after a session ends? What does that look like for you?
Christopher Hume: Well, typically during the session, I'm taking some freehand notes, just in shorthand, just so I kind of remember what's going on. Typically, I try to build in a little bit of time my session to put in the note, but the set was long, or I have a busy day. I might just have to run to the next session. And then in the evenings or the weekends, I review those short form notes that I have and kind of type them out more rigorously, you know, so I don't get audited and put them into the.
Ryan McAnelly: Okay. Awesome. Now, in terms of templates, are you using the same template each time currently, or do you. Do you customize that per client or patient?
Christopher Hume: It's basically the same one every time. I technically have an intake form and a progress note, but, you know, I've been with most of my patients for years now, so almost a standard progress note.
Ryan McAnelly: Okay, perfect. Awesome. So that answers. Yeah, I was going to ask a question about which format you typically go with. So intake or progress are there.
Ryan McAnelly: Must have sections that you can't live without that need to be a part of your notes.
Christopher Hume: Yeah. Thing that kills me is the HEI, you know, got the HPIs there, I think. So It's a little different about me is I like to keep my notes, so I definitely want to make sure that there's no extra sections, or if we have extra sections, you can show me how to get rid of those.
Ryan McAnelly: Perfect. Yeah, we'll dive into that later. So there's definitely a way to do that. Now in terms of constraints, you mentioned time before. That's a big thing on your end. But are there any other compliance requirements? Any other audiences that will be seeing these notes?
Christopher Hume: Nah, it's mostly just time. I mean, I. Obviously, they need to be rigorous in case I get audited. Right? Like, I can't have crappy notes. I. I can write crappy notes myself, but. No, nothing. Mostly time. That's why I'm here. I'm just kind of at my wit's end.
Ryan McAnelly: Perfect. Awesome. So, yeah, just to recap this a little bit, you are a solo group. You typically do growth therapy, so a lot of intake and progress notes. Time is the biggest thing. So you're really just looking to save some time to get that back so you can work with more patients. Did I get that? Did I get that right there?
Christopher Hume: Yep. And so I typically do medication management progress notes. So a lot of my patients, you know, I've done for years, we have a great relationship and I'm just making sure that their, their meds all look good.
Ryan McAnelly: Perfect. Awesome. Cool. So here's, here's the plan. So single, we can dive a little bit deeper into showing you how to start a recording so you can get away from taking those manual notes. You can really take advantage of the system we'll dive into and then go over the template, see how we can match it up to your workflow so it works properly for you, and then show you how to easily reuse it so it can be something you can just plug and play for all your patients going forward. Sound good?
Christopher Hume: Yeah, yeah. Will you show me how to make edits to the note too, in case I need to make changes?
Ryan McAnelly: Yeah, absolutely.
Christopher Hume: Perfect.
Ryan McAnelly: Perfect. Awesome. So, hey, if you're ready, let's dive in. I'll go ahead and share my screen here.
Christopher Hume: Perfect.
Ryan McAnelly: You see it?
Christopher Hume: Yep. Coming through. Perfectly.
Ryan McAnelly: Cool. So this is what you're going to see when you log in to the platform. So this is our main dashboard. Now, to start a recording, you're going to go up to the upper. The upper field here. Click Record. Now, you mentioned you, typically you work with a lot of the same patients over and over. So what you would do is if they were already logged in our system, you would select the patient that you're meeting with. But if you were, if it was a new patient, there's an easy way to add them in here just by clicking the plus button, going in, putting in their information. So you hit Create patient, they would populate there. Now, then we get into the templates, which we'll cover a little bit more in depth later. But if it's a standard, standard template, you can just click on that and that's where your notes will get pulled into there. When the recording session is finished, let's take John Doe out of there. So when you go on to start your session, you're going to want to go up to the microphone settings, make sure everything is in there correct so that the. You're. You're using the right microphone, everything's getting pulled in there correctly, you'll just hit start recording. Then when you're finished, you'll stop the recording, and then you would hit generate note. And that'll pull that into our note system. This additional notes field here is a pretty neat feature where you can put in extra notes like how your patient looks today, things along those lines that you. You might want to circle back to later. Do you have any questions on. On that so far?
Christopher Hume: No, I don't think so. So you push the start recording button. Does this work? So for in person and remote, how does that work?
Ryan McAnelly: Yep. So it could be in person or remote. There is. Oops. Test the mic. You can do it through a headphone headphones. So you can click here to go into headphones mode where you can record everything through your headphones as well. So that's a neat feature. So if you are doing a virtual session, you can get everything in there.
Christopher Hume: Wonderful, perfect.
Ryan McAnelly: So once your session is over, we're going to click Generate note and that's where it's going to populate into our notes section. So let's. We'll jump into notes real quick just to look at that real fast. So here's an example note of a session that was previously done.
Ryan McAnelly: You can see all the summary and all the different sections that come through here. Now if you. When you go to copy these and put them into your electronic health system. So all you have to do is select which sections you want. So if you want to do the summary, let's do your hpi. Because you mentioned that that's super important for your reporting. You can hit copy selected, put something in clipboard, then you can go put it into your systems.
Christopher Hume: What is it possible to copy everything at once? Or what if I want to do all the sections, do I have to click? How do I do that?
Ryan McAnelly: Yeah, absolutely. So you can do it all at once. So all you do is go copy all sections that'll put on your clipboard there. They can easily transfer it into your. Into your system.
Christopher Hume: And then if I want to make an edit to this note, how do I. Because you know, AI is great, but I have my own way of doing the notes. You know, for example, my hpi, I actually like it to be bullet points. Is there a way to do that?
Ryan McAnelly: Yeah, absolutely there is. So you can do it, you can do it manually if you want to, or you can use AI if that's something you want to want to use. So that, that'll save you some time there too. So we can just put in change HPI section. Oops. Awesome. So that's. You can do it super simple there through the AI if you wanted to. Saves you time in the long run. So your HPIs is put out into the. Bullet point section here. Now let's. If you. If you don't have any more questions about the notes.
Christopher Hume: One more question.
Christopher Hume: Yes, one more question. Is it possible to, like, teach JOT Psych or, like, can it remember that I like bullet points?
Ryan McAnelly: Yeah, absolutely. So that's something you can do into your AI, too. So let's say remember to.
Christopher Hume: Oh, awesome. So I can just talk to it in plain English. I don't need a code or anything like that.
Ryan McAnelly: Absolutely. So that the AI will adapt to you. It'll know you each time. So every time you come in, it'll put into your hpi, into Vulcans.
Christopher Hume: Wonderful.
Ryan McAnelly: Yep. So let's jump over to the actual templates. So again, let's go back to run the main dashboard, going to the top documentation, and then go down to note templates from here. You can have your saved templates here. So JOT Psych will come in with automate populated ones here that you can use, and they're super easy to customize to you. So let's say you just had a regular therapy session, or you want to. You can customize this to. Chris. Therapy sessions. Oops. Once you do that, it'll automatically save it for you. So every time you pop in here, your template will be here. And then when we did the recording, you can automatically select the therapy.
Christopher Hume: Oh, my custom set. Okay.
Ryan McAnelly: Yeah. So that'll automatically be in your recording session.
Christopher Hume: And so I have a question for you, Ryan. I slide. I don't like having the summary at the top. How do I get rid of sections I don't want? That's really important to me.
Ryan McAnelly: Yeah. So you want to get rid of it completely, or do you want to see it in different locations?
Christopher Hume: Nope, let's get rid of it. Just.
Ryan McAnelly: All right, cool. So when you're in here, you can customize this the way you want. So you can come in and just delete the summary section.
Ryan McAnelly: So when the note gets populated, Chief complaint is going to be the first thing that comes up. Let's say you wanted to. Let's add in a section here. So you're going to click add selection or section Computer slow.
Christopher Hume: Break, break. I'm real Chris for a second, just so you know. Yeah, don't worry about that. That happens on my computer, too. Break, break. All right. Oh, interesting. So the. The pop up here. Okay. So I can add any of these sections?
Ryan McAnelly: Yes, so you can add in these sections here. So we have a library of 107 different sections that you can add in. Go through here. Grab the ones that you want and then add them in. They'll be in here every time that you use the. Chris, therapy sessions, note.
Christopher Hume: Is it, is it possible to add like a custom section if I want something new?
Ryan McAnelly: Yeah, absolutely. So we can go in? Yeah, let's do that. All right, so you know what? I don't recall how to add a custom section, but what I can do is after I call here, I'll work with my team, figure out how we can do it. I'll put together some documentation with pictures and send to you so you can have as a reference points going forward.
Christopher Hume: Perfect. No, that sounds great, Ryan.
Ryan McAnelly: Perfect. All right, let's see. All right, so as you mentioned before, you really just want, you want to save some time. So we went through, we looked at the templates, went over how you can customize them to what you need. Now where you really save time is coming into the notes. So being able to copy those over to your systems, being able to go through easily, put everything together, grab what you need. So at the end of the day, time is your biggest pain point. That's what you're going to be saving. Yeah. So is there anything, I'm sorry.
Christopher Hume: Oh, no, I should say, let's get me signed up. Yeah, I, I, how do I sign up for this?
Ryan McAnelly: Sure. So you can sign up by going to the Jet Psych website and so you can subscribe and get, get into it.
Christopher Hume: Do I have to put my credit card in?
Ryan McAnelly: That's a good, that's a good question. And I'll have to circle back with my team to figure out that it is a, it is a monthly subscription fee. So you would log in and put in. But you can have a 10 day trial just to see if it does fit into your.
Christopher Hume: And that. Yeah. So the trial is free?
Ryan McAnelly: Yes, the trial is full. You have to put your credit card in to have the trial so you can see if it fits into your workflow and see if it fits into your practice. And then once that's over, if you decide that it's something you want to continue with, then you can enter your credit card information then.
Christopher Hume: Wonderful. And if I have any questions or Ryan, you're going to follow up with how to add that section. Will that be your email? Will I be able to get in touch with you if I need help?
Ryan McAnelly: Absolutely. So we're here as customer service team, so we're here to fit in and jump in and help you as much as we can.
Christopher Hume: Perfect. All right, well, thanks, Ryan. I just signed up. I'll reach out if I have any questions. Thank you.
Ryan McAnelly: Awesome.
Christopher Hume: Break. Break. Ryan, that was great. A couple things. Yeah, I mean that was awesome. Those first demos are so nerve wracking. So I know you're paid. It's really funny when you were going through the AI editor for how to edit the notes. I literally was with a big client yesterday and I was doing the AI editor and it flared and for some reason didn't work. So it was really funny for me to be on the other side and having you show me how the AI editor works. And you did a great job there. The one thing I know the template thing is, is a challenge, adding your own custom section. I asked you because it's a real trick question. We've changed how that is done recently. I have also, again, I've been on a call with a customer, done exactly what you did and then been like, oh shit, I actually don't know how to add a custom one anymore. It used to be right where you went, like you went the right path, but that path has changed. So let me just walk you through how to do it.
Christopher Hume: But just like, yeah, I just want to let you know, it happens to me. It's a new update, don't worry about it.
Ryan McAnelly: And you handle it well.
Ryan McAnelly: That's the way.
Christopher Hume: Yeah, that's. Let's go to note templates. And yeah, let's just go to Chris therapy session and then you actually have to go to the AI editor. So you press the sparkles on the top, right. And then you just go like xyz.
Ryan McAnelly: Okay.
Christopher Hume: Okay. Any questions for me, Ryan?
Ryan McAnelly: No, no, I, I appreciate it. And as I mentioned before like this, I really, I've really enjoyed the SDR interview process. This is fantastic. This process has been fantastic too where you actually, you're getting in, in the weeds and learning the product. The product and being able to really just jump in and do more than a typical interview and see the company and see how much you guys. It's just very evident through everything that you and the rest of the team are 100% into this product. You believe in, you believe in the mission. So it's just really refreshing.
Christopher Hume: It's. I'm glad that comes through. It's. Yeah, we really passionate about this. We're really excited about what's coming up. So Ryan, I have a couple more calls today. I'm going to try. I know this has been the never ending process so I'm going to try to get you kind of an answer by tomorrow or Friday at the latest, because I want to give you some. Some clarity here and then. Yeah. So I'll shoot you an email. Yeah. In the next. At worst, 48 hours, and kind of where we're going from here. And if you have any questions in the meantime. Yeah, just shoot me an email. I'll get back to you. And again, like, this has been, like. Obviously, just so you know, this process has been great for us, too. We've really enjoyed getting to know you, and you've done kind of great on all these stages. So, yeah, we just kind of appreciate you taking the time and. Yeah, we'll be in touch soon.
Ryan McAnelly: Okay, awesome. No, yeah. At the end of the day, it's just. It's nice to see that there are companies out there like you guys and.
Christopher Hume: Yeah, so we're an AI company, but we try and make our interview process real. Right, right. Always talking to real people. Okay, wonderful. Have a great Wednesday. I hope things are warm enough for you down there in Myrtle Beach.
Ryan McAnelly: Yes, sir.
Christopher Hume: And I'll be in touch soon.
Ryan McAnelly: Thanks. All right, thanks, man.
Ryan McAnelly: Talk to you.