Nathan Peereboom: How are you?
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Good, thank you. And that picture was crazy.
Nathan Peereboom: That picture you sent me.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Yeah, it's. It's ridiculous here. That's why I don't have my camera turned on because we're having to hot spot it because our Internet went out because we're still in the middle of that winter storm, so.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. Oh, my gosh. Well, I'm really sorry to hear that. Thanks for joining. Anyways, are you. Do you have everything you need? Do you have like heat in your house and electricity and water?
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Luckily, like, we had Snowmageddon five years ago, so we kind of got prepared for this. So we had like a ton of firewood stocked up and we had, we have a generator, but it's only enough to keep like our heat going, you know, for our house because our house is relatively large.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. Yeah, well, that is. Yeah, that's. That's kind of rough. I'm sorry. That's. You know, these storms, sometimes they really put you back a week or two. And I know my, my parents are up in Cleveland and they. I think they got over two feet of snow and they're just like. Yep, we're just like in the house for like, you know, the next six days.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Yeah, that's. That's pretty much us. Like, it's supposed to get above freezing today, but there's still so much ice for it to go through that the, the roads are like worse today than they were before, you know, because it started melting some, so.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, well, here in dc, the melt hasn't started. It's not yet like a gross. But it's just like no car can move. Like, all the cars are just locked in on the sides.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): It's.
Nathan Peereboom: I gotta say, Brittany, do you mind if I send that picture that you sent yesterday to Merchant two days ago? It's crazy.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Yeah, yeah, absolutely.
Nathan Peereboom: It's a crazy picture of. Wait, okay.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): And we have, we have a, A lake here in town and the marinas, all the roofs collapsed on everybody's boats at the marina. Like, I'm not even joking. So, like million dollar boats, like, they're just totaled.
Nathan Peereboom: Oh, my gosh. Wow. It's not often I feel bad for the people who own the yachts, but I'll. I'll reserve this one moment to feel some sympathy for them.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: All right, well, I tell you what, why don't we just jump into everything? How does that, how does that sound?
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Perfect.
Nathan Peereboom: Just as. Just as a reminder, you know, the goal today is to walk you through. You know, I know, and I know you know a lot of this, but just like, who we are, like, what we're doing here. And also just to answer some of your questions, show you the timeline, should you choose to pursue kind of an acquisition or an exit with us. And then you can just make. I mean, there's no pressure. Brittany, I think I said this last time we were on the phone. We view our relationship with everyone and definitely with you as a long term thing. So if now isn't the right time, you just say that and we can wait. And that's totally okay. All right.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Okay.
Nathan Peereboom: All right, Sweet. So I prepared a little. Deck for us. Little presentation. Whoops. And. And yeah, I'll just like kind of walk through it. So, so here's the, here's the agenda. So I want to walk through what is job site, why we're acquiring an RCM company. What is the ideal RCM company in our minds to acquire? And it's not necessarily like, you know, the best RCM company, but, you know, just the one that we're looking for. Then I'll walk you through our diligence and acquisition process. We'll talk about what life is after acquisition, and then we can talk about next steps. How does that sound?
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Perfect.
Nathan Peereboom: Cool. Brittany, remind me, what is your experience with job site? Have you used job site before?
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Yes, we. We use the JOT Psych through Richard Wright with E Psychiatry for a lot of our providers. Pmhmp. That's what we're primarily using it for currently. And so we're familiar with your, with your product essentially and like everything that you've done for like clinical AI note taking.
Nathan Peereboom: Awesome. Yeah. So we started in the market as a clinical AI notetaker. That's totally right. We are transitioning to be an RCM platform. And I'm curious if you. I don't think you've probably interacted with any of these features, but the way we want you to think about us is we're an AI engine that turns every behavioral health note into revenue. The thing that we're doing is we're uniting the writing of the documentation with the writing, reception and process of getting paid. So make sure that every note is audit proof, every claim is accurate, and every clinician gets paid for their care. I won't walk through this because you already know us and hopefully love us. But, you know, the key innovation here is that we've ingested, we've created an engine that ingests all these public rules and guidance from, you know, ma, cms, apa, you know, the big public pairs. But we also allow you or your clients to upload any kind of document that they want. And what those documents do is they help us write the perfect note. But critically, they also help us audit every note before we send a claim. So let me just show you the actual software and like, why, you know, just some of the bells and whistles here. So, you know, as you know, we're a note recorder. You know, we start out that way when you submit a note, you know, we have this program called JOT Audit. And what JOT Audit does is it reads the note and assesses the note for the correct CPT code as well as the correct, you know. All right, let's try this. So it assesses the note for the right CPT code as well as the, you know, the. Across the different rules. So, you know, we flag different things that might be right or wrong with it and we tell you exactly like. Okay, is this 99212? The. You know, the right. Oh my gosh. I am not on the right account. Sorry. 1.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): You're good.
Nathan Peereboom: I was like, huh, that's strange. Okay, this is going to take one second to get me an admin account. Let me think. What's the fastest way to do this? Chris, just to put you on the spot. You don't have JOT audit on your account right now, do you? Totally. Okay. If you don't let me check the. Okay, we just updated it, Brittany. And so.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Hey, no worries. I know what it's like. I mean, like, we're developing our own ehr. So we run through this like all the time when we're showcasing it.
Nathan Peereboom: You know, I like to think that this is like Chris, like pulling a coup and trying to overthrow me. But. But if he doesn't have it, we might have to just come back to it. Nate, I can show my screen.
Christopher Hume: Yeah, not at all. Okay. Yeah. So. So, Chris, why don't you just
Nathan Peereboom: really walk us through from a payer's perspective, from a billing perspective, like what John Audit is why it's so great. Yep, absolutely.
Christopher Hume: So, kind of as Nate was showing before, we can go to a note, look at this recent encounter with Joe Schmo. And then on the right hand side, we have this audit panel. So identify. Hey, looks like your. You input a 99213, but the JOT psych JWT audit identified that it's more likely to be a 99211 or 90834. And then as Nate was identifying before, it'll call out parts of the note that you should adjust because you're not in compliance with particular payer rules. So, Nate, is there anything else you'd like to. Yeah, can you go to the job audit, like administrative view?
Nathan Peereboom: I just want to show this too. Okay. So the cool thing here, Brittany, is that, you know, on the left side you can see add new rules. You can create as many new rules as you want. Every note gets created by those rules. And you can specify like which pairs which codes they apply to. You can turn them on and off, you can edit them, but then you have a dashboard where you can see exactly what's going right and wrong. And the whole idea here is that we believe that we have a unique competitive advantage encoding the encounter and writing the perfect documentation for it. And so that's kind of the whole theory behind what we're doing in terms of acquiring RCM businesses. Chris, do you mind if I take over again? Okay, so, you know, you know, this. We're compliant, but, yeah, that's like the whole vision. And so, you know, that's why we're acquiring an RCM company. Let me. Walk you through kind of the logic of it. So we recently launched this product called JotBuild. Jot Bill is a combination of what you saw in our platform as well as a team of human beings. And the combination of those allows us to basically serve as a full billing service company. So, you know, we have our own system doing things like eligibility checks and you know, analyzing the note and writing the claim and, you know, submitting the claim. But then we have humans that work around the edges to make sure that, you know, the edge cases are handled, et cetera, et cetera.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): What about prior authorizations?
Nathan Peereboom: We do prior auth in the form of, in the form of document generation. So. And here I can show this again too. So, you know, if there's anything that we need to create a document for. You can go generate document, you say prior authorization or extra CBT there or no, let's do TMS for extra tms. And then what our system will do is write that whole thing based on the entire note and patient context.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Okay, so my question around this is because TMS and Spravato are very niched, so did you pull in the guidance from like what's required to pass those prior authorization requirements? Like a two failed classes, antidepressants prepare, that sort of stuff?
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, so we already have actually templates that do TMS and Spravato authenticate or not authenticate the prior auth style documentation creation. But the great thing here is that you can just upload, you can say like you can literally copy and paste that requirements doc here and it will synthesize it into the document. So I can send that, it'll synthesize and then I can save it as a template so that every prior auth is coming out the exact same way.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Okay, perfect. That was a big question because I know that with our RCM company that is a huge time suck component is the prior authorization and having to review and audit the clinical notes. Right. Because some of the providers, you know, they set up their own templates and it doesn't work. Right. You know, like, because it doesn't include everything it needs. And so I think that that's putting you guys ahead of the mark there.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. And it's something that. What's great is, you know, we don't know everything about prior auth Brittany. But you guys do what we is a technology team. So we have engineers who can like literally sit with your team that does prior auth and say, hey, this is like what we have. What else do you need to make this insanely easy. And so it's really exciting because. You know, working with another RCM company is an augmentation to our team. And I know this was important to you. When we talked, you know, you said like, hey, I want to make sure that if there is an acquisition that happens, we're part of the team. This isn't a kind of just like rip the client list sort of acquisition. And of course we're here to gain customers, but that is really critical to how we see a successful story.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Yes.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, so from a client's experience, you know, they start using jot, psych eligibility is done in platform. We write the perfect note, then they sign the note, and we deal with everything else in the background. And I won't go through all this, but you know, there's other stuff under the hood. For example, you know, automated appeals. You know, we get a denial from a clinic. We have the whole clinical context. We use AI to write the perfect appeal, submit it within like 30 minutes of receiving the denial. So it's just like way faster, way easier. You know, we help with, you know, the, the client understanding why the appeal happened, and then creating that feedback loop to make sure that the next round of claims don't have the same mistakes.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Gotcha. And when you say client, are you talking patient or customer? Like account customer? Okay, got it.
Nathan Peereboom: Yep. Okay, so you're probably asking like, are, are. Are we the ideal RCM company? We being Brittany. So we're looking for three things in a RCM acquisition. So the first is we only want to acquire a company that's focused on behavioral health. That's all we do. We're not trying to do nephrology or oncology or surgery or general medicine. We're behavioral health. The second thing is we're looking for a company that has durable customer relationships and somewhere between like half a million and $3 million in annual revenue. So not a large company, but really one that's driven by long standing trust based customer relationships.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Right.
Nathan Peereboom: And then the third thing is, you know, we don't want to twist anyone's arm. So, you know, we want the folks that we acquire to be just really psyched about John Psych, really excited about what we're building, really, you know, strong believers in the mission and excited to be a part of like a technology enabled RCM platform. Any questions on anything I've shared so far?
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): What is your plan like as far as growth strategy?
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): If you did acquire an RCM company, are you still wanting that RCM company to sell their customer base?
Nathan Peereboom: That's a great question. So there are a few routes forward there. Let me skip through the diligence process and just kind of describe, like, what we are, probably what we would do if we did an acquisition. So we. The first thing we would do is, you know, really a customer by customer continuity. Plan because we do want to transition all the customers onto, or as many as possible who are interested onto jot Psych. You know, we want them to use our platform. We want them to get all the benefits from it. Even just moving from a human system to job site should free up a lot of, like, human time to go pursue more customer relationships and grow that customer base.
Nathan Peereboom: So it's partly like, we're going to save money, we're going to build higher, and we're going to allow the current team to actually go and nurture the relationships they have in the industry to, like, gain more customers. Those are like the kind of big. The big things that we would do from a growth strategy standpoint. Does that make sense?
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Yes.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, cool. So let me tell you about our diligence process because I think it's sort of unique in how efficient it is. So today we didn't send an NDA, but, you know, we're, you know, this is the intro call. You know, we want to, you know, determine if this is something you're interested in, you know, walking down the road for. The next thing that we would do is just really a deep interview. So we probably take like 60 minutes, and in that 60 minutes, we'd be asking about, you know, all sorts of things about the business. And we'll sign an NDA before we do that. But at the end of that, what we deliver you, we like, take that information and we write what's called an ioi. And IOI is an indication of intent. And what an indication of intent is, is it's a estimated price that we would pay for your business. So after this first interview, we want to have enough information that we can say, hey, if everything you're telling us is right and there's no some crazy, like, buried body that we, like, discover like down the road, this is the general range of price that we'd be like, looking to purchase your business for. And then you can look at that price and be like, hey, you know what? Like that. That's insulting. Like, I don't want it. You can look at it and be like, oh, my gosh, that's like a lot of money. Like, I'm, you know, that. That seems great, but we want you to be price aligned early in the process because we don't want to get through this whole thing just to discover that, you know, that we were kind of dislocated there.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Right?
Nathan Peereboom: Then we'll do a confirmatory diligence. And in the confirmatory diligence, we're looking at financials, we're looking at operations. We're looking at like, it's a pretty deep diligence. It's like a pretty, like, we want to kind of look at every piece of paper, we want to see the contracts you have, etc. After that, we'll meet with you and tell you exactly what we found. So we'll say, hey, this is our view. This is, you know, what we. This is our, what's called letter of intent. So this is what we would be comfortable moving forward with in terms of saying, hey, if we get through the customer adoption test, we'll actually pay this to like, this is probably like a somewhat firm price. It's non binding, but it's like more accurate than the IOI. And then after that, we'll do a customer adoption test. So after all the alignment on, you know, price terms, structure, all of that, we'll actually, like, go and meet with, you know, subset of your customers and just see, like, do they want to use jobs? Like. Like, is that something that, you know, is the transition from their current process into jobs, like, something that is fathomable to them and something that we could build into our financial model for that transition? Because it's all based on that. Right? So, you know, if we get through everything and then we talk to 10 customers and they're like, hey, I never want to use an AI scribe. You know, I have some kind of, like, penchant against this idea that that probably would be a deal killer for us, just
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): because I don't think that there's a lot of our customer base that doesn't like AI scribbing. I know that one of our customer accounts already uses you guys pretty heavily.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Amazing large volume. Um, the other large one that we're about to acquire, um, they do about, um, 270k in revenue, like, per month, and they use twofold right now, but they're looking to integrate with, like, other technologies because they've outgrown their systems that they have.
Nathan Peereboom: Amazing. That's. That's great. That's music to our ears. And so then as soon as we can, after that, we just want to finalize the transaction. Transaction, you know, and for that, we'd like to, you know, go out to dinner, you know, crack a bottle of champagne, you know, actually like, really celebrate. It's an exciting moment.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Sure.
Nathan Peereboom: Any questions on the diligence process? How we work online? Any of that?
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): No, I think. I think it's all pretty straightforward. I don't really have any issues with any of that currently.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, great. I want to just describe life after acquisition, and there are a few nuances to this, and I mentioned it a little bit at first, but, you know, week one after the acquisition, we want to do an on site with your whole team. So whether it's at your location or we, like, you know, rent a huge Airbnb and bring everyone together, you know, we want to make sure that, like, your team knows us, that we know them, that they're aligned in terms of, like, what the mission is for the first hundred days. And also, this is sort of important. So. So there's two payments that usually happen in these acquisitions. So the first payment is usually for around 50% of the total acquisition price. That happens at, like, day one, or, I guess day zero because it happens at close. And then there's a second one that happens a year later, which is based on the performance of the business over that first year with us. So, you know, we can, of course, everything's negotiable, but that's, that's the typical structure. If you like, talk to other friends who have sold RCM companies, that's the way it's kind of done in the industry, just to protect everyone involved and align incentives. But. But, yeah, for that, you should think, like, oh, I'm still pretty involved in the business for that first year. So we'll do that on site. We'll then do, like, some transition planning. So align on, like, what's moving over to our system. There might be some things that you guys do where you're like, oh, my gosh, that's amazing. Let's just do it that way. Then we'll do that customer by customer continuity planning. We'll do some customer introductions, and then we'll just, like, kind of start moving through, making the system as tight and as lubricated as possible, just figuring out how to work together and, you know, and create a really awesome situation for the people that we're serving. So, yeah, that's the. That's the general shape. That's the vision. And, yeah, I mean, I'd love to just. Yeah. How is this sitting for you, Brittany? Like, what are your thoughts just on seeing this?
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): I mean, it seems pretty clear. It seems pretty straightforward. It seems like everything's on the up and up. So I don't really have a whole lot of questions about that process. It's just more about, like, what would you want my role, I guess, to be in the RCM company as we're transitioning through this? Like, are you wanting a full exit where you guys assume, like, management? Are you needing somebody to help run operations until you guys get things integrated better? Like, what does that look like?
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. So first, this is the kind of thing that's, like, very negotiable.
Nathan Peereboom: So, you know, we. And again, it's our philosophy as a company. We never ask someone to do something they don't want to do. And that might seem, like, obvious, but, like, a lot of companies do ask people to do things that they don't want to do. We don't do that. So my question to you, Brittany, would be, what is the best case scenario for you? And we can work around that, but we're not going to tell you kind of. We're not going to force you to do something that you wouldn't like. Would you like to be involved for the first year?
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Yeah, I think so. Just so that it can be a smooth transition for y'. All. And I think it'll be important for, like, the hand holding of the customer base, too.
Nathan Peereboom: That's our view. Yeah, that's our view. Shoot. I just spilled coffee on my keyboard. Sorry. Yeah, that is 100% our view. I think that one of the things that we would also like to do is understand you know what the rest of your team wants, because, again, I know that that's important. I mean, it's very, very common that the founder would stay on. When Jackson and I think about selling our company, actually, for tech people, it's usually two to five years that you have to stay on in order to actually get your payout. So we're very, very much oriented around keeping founder energy and, you know, business owner energy in our company. But we also would want to talk through, like, for your whole team, you know, what the plan is for them, because I assume that some people would maybe see it as an opportunity to depart. I think that there are some people who would definitely want to keep on. There are some people who we might say, Hey, we want to keep them on for six months and then do a really generous severance package. There's a whole like transition plan that as part of our diligence process will be like really clear about.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Okay, cool. And I think that that'll help too. Like all of the staff that I currently have working for me just so for context and awareness. We're all remote. We used to have an on site location but it was hard to find talent locally here here because we're more of a blue collar rural based community. And so I found talent remotely. And so we are all remote. The majority of us are based in Texas just for context, just in different cities that, that span the state.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. And yeah, that's totally fine. We don't all have to have to be in the exact same physical space for, for any of it. But. But yeah, that's, that's helpful to hear.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): The other piece of this that I was thinking about is I think, you know, I have to. I co own Mental Health Managed, which is our new clinic that we started and I co own it with four other people. But I mean. Well, three other people's four total, including myself. And what we're looking for because of the nature of the way that we're doing stuff is, is your software product to be able to control and audit people's clinical notes for. For what it is that we're needing for. For continuity because we're assuming a lot of the risk and the liability in the claim submissions. And one of the things that we caught, you know, just this, you know, in the last two months, you know, somebody had crisis codes for out of the 13 times. That's significantly pretty high statistically.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): You know, and so, you know, that would be one of the things that we would want to be, you know, catching for that we're having to do manually, you know, currently.
Nathan Peereboom: That's the exact kind of thing that job audit is built for. Like the exact thing. Yeah. So really? Really. Yeah, that's, that's totally on message and you know what we're doing.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Perfect. Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: Amazing.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Yeah. So I think that there's good synergies aligned as far as like what you've laid out, as far as like the size of the company and things like that. We're right on target. We're right in the sweet spot for that because on average we're doing about 67,000 in revenue per month. So we hit like, you know, that's roughly like 800k a year. So what would be the next steps then for us to talk further.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, so the next steps. One, I'm going to send you an NDA for both of us because we do want to both see behind each other's kimonos. A little bit. And it's always nice to just have a little bit of like, legal protection in that way. So I'm going to send you an NDA. That's one. The second thing is I want to set up this interview so that we can get you an ioi. And again, the IOI is the projection of the range in price that we would be willing to pay for your business, assuming that everything in the interview is like 90% of the story.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Okay.
Nathan Peereboom: And so I think that that's the first step. And then once you receive the ioi, we can decide whether to go forward from there. But if we do decide to go forward, what we'll do is we'll send you what's called the data request. And it'll be like, hey, here are all the things that we need to see, like in kind of official form. So it's going to be like, you know, your P and L statement, your taxes, your, you know, your payroll information, like all that jazz, you know, probably a list of customers. And again, we'll do like a, you know, the NDA will be such that, like, you know, we're not going to share or go after any of those folks. But. But that's. But the ioi, I think, is the next, like, little inflection point for you. How does that sound?
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): That sounds good to me.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, so can we set up time for that interview? Because I think that be really good to get that done as soon as possible. Sure. Okay. Okay, I'll look at the plan and see if we can. Let's see, could you do 12:15 on Friday? So 12:15 my time? I think that's 11:15 your time when we go to 1:15. So it's a one hour chunk.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): What time zone are you in?
Nathan Peereboom: I'm in Eastern. I think you're in Central.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Yeah, yeah, that's correct. Yes. Yeah, I'm open that time.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, great. So I'm gonna send you the NDA. I'm gonna send you a list of the kinds of things that we want to ask. And, and on Friday, just prepare. Just be prepared for us to like, really, like, kind of do some digging. Like that'll feel like it'll feel a little interrogative. It's just the way these diligence things go. I think I told you I used to work in acquisitions in a prior life. And we used to do these sessions, used to be like three days we would sit down and management teams just hated them because, you know, you'd go and you just have to ask question after question after question. So I would just say don't be alarmed by that. That's just like a normal part of the process. But for 60 minutes, you'll be on the hot seat.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Okay.
Nathan Peereboom: All right, lovely. Well, I think that we've covered everything that I need to cover. Chris, anything on your mind that you want to bring up right now?
Christopher Hume: Additional from my end, they just really excited about how this is moving forward. And. Yeah. Great to meet you, Brittany. Again, likewise.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): It's, it's very good to meet you too.
Nathan Peereboom: And I really appreciate and just,
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): I really want to draw attention to the fact that you guys seem to be compassionate, you know, and really centered on building, you know, and maintaining relationships and connections and that, you know, just kind of shines through in our process here today.
Nathan Peereboom: Awesome. Well, that's what it's all about. You know, we work, we work too many hours for, you know, our work lives to not feel like they're moving the world in the right direction.
Nathan Peereboom: So that's, that's definitely important to us.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Okay, wonderful. And then while we're going through this is, can we have a separate conversation about potentially using your tech stack for like mental health Managed or do we want to wait on that?
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, well, yeah, why don't you say more about what that way? I mean, we love when people use the software for everything, so. Of course, yeah. What are you interested in?
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Yeah, so basically the, the audit functionality tool. Because what we're getting is we're getting a lot of data from other EHRs and pulling it into a place that's holistic. That's a holistic overview. And so wanting to be able to review that for, you know, just, you know, auditing purposes to ensure that what we're billing out is accurate and, you know, predominantly that's our main concern.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. So why don't we do this, Brittany? For us, the way that we get someone on job audit is we have a gathering where we'll just ingest all of the relevant documents for them. So payer contracts, internal documents, anything that you guys have. So why don't we set up some time for us to do that as well? And let's call that separate from this process just because, like. Yeah. So let me see, can I set up time for you to do this at maybe 10:30 our time, 9:30am yours on Friday, and we'll have like one of our team members. It's probably not going to be me. I think it's probably going to be Adam who can help like turn on jot audit for you. How does that sound?
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Yeah, that sounds perfect.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, great. Okay, so 10:30, so shot audit setup. And what, what is the. Do you want anyone else to be invited to that? Britain?
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Yes, you can invite Molly McHugh to that. And her email address is. I'll drop it here in the chat.
Nathan Peereboom: This is the tenure you legally allow to do all this. And then for organizations and building, you have usually. Great, thank you. That is for the building entity. Organizations. Molly is FM CGA for your company?
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): No, that's her company that she has.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): She's just using that email address. It stands for Family Matters to Coastal Georgia.
Nathan Peereboom: Brittany, I'm so sorry. Can you remind me of the name of your. Of your clinical practice here? I'm totally fine.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Yeah, my clinical practice is Time Art Therapy, but I also own Mental Health Managed, which is another clinical practice.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, great. Okay, perfect. Yeah, so we've got it. It's on the calendar. So you're going to get two. Two. Two gatherings with our team on Friday. Lucky you. Awesome. All right, perfect.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Thanks for that.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, you bet. You bet. All right, lovely. Well, thank you so much, Brittany. And we really look forward to Friday. And you're going to get a few things in the. In the mail from us, in the email from us over the next, like, few hours, okay?
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Okay, sounds good. Thank you so much.
Nathan Peereboom: Lovely. Take care.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): You too.
Nathan Peereboom: Bye.