Beverly Curtis: Is that what you were thinking we were going to see?
Adam Harrison: Yep. It's only five steps. Which should hopefully be good. Do you know with therapy notes, did you do the Aetna enrollment? Or. Do you think that one you didn't get to yet? I might be able to check in therapy notes.
Beverly Curtis: It looks like. It says claims ready to submit enrollment not required for this pair. And then era.
Adam Harrison: I'm still seeing. The kind of screen if you're in a new tab.
Beverly Curtis: Yep. I'm not very coordinated with this for some reason.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, I'm looking at the same thing. It looks like era was pending.
Beverly Curtis: It says the first year I received from this payer will update enrollment to complete. That's what I was telling you the other day. Yeah.
Adam Harrison: Okay. So maybe I think you might already have an account then. So if you go back to the instructions and click on the link to the payer enrolled services.com. Yeah, go ahead and click the first one. Or actually. Yeah, you can try the second one if you have this one healthcare account set up already. You know, if you have one of those already.
Beverly Curtis: Yeah, but it's one of those problematic ones just look here. Oh my god. Okay let's try one healthcare. I'm more than willing to try it. Again. So when I click on that my session has fired.
Adam Harrison: Oh interesting.
Adam Harrison: Well that means you might have an account already which I think is good so maybe just try refreshing this page. Okay let's see here. Maybe try I'm gonna I don't know if you can see the chat in the sidebar here. Maybe try clicking that link. Do you see it in the Google meet chat?
Beverly Curtis: No I'm sorry.
Adam Harrison: That's okay I'll just send it to the to your email.
Beverly Curtis: Okay. I didn't have your email in front of me to give to the guy so I just thought well I'll just. Okay. You just send me the same link again is that what you did?
Adam Harrison: Yeah I think it's a slightly different one it might might work better for you. Know what I think it's never mind I'm just trying it again it's not even working I'm trying to click on it. Okay do you mind sharing your whole screen and then that way I can just kind of walk you through what to do.
Beverly Curtis: You want the screen is that what you want.
Adam Harrison: Yeah that that's fine so try clicking on that first link. The payer enrollment services. And then yeah go ahead and do try sign in at the bottom. And then yeah go ahead do the sign in where you are. And hopefully that doesn't give the same like. Error you were getting before.
Beverly Curtis: Okay. I'm just going to try it this way. And see what happens.
Adam Harrison: Yeah it's always worth a try right? Give you some questions.
Beverly Curtis: Yeah. Okay.
Adam Harrison: So you've already tried this once before I yes.
Beverly Curtis: One two three four five six seven. I have 25 logins to them. Originally with therapy notes and then I think when a couple times when you sent me this and I got. Boy I thought I had saved that recovery code I cannot find it anywhere.
Adam Harrison: Okay maybe you have to do a chat with support. You probably have some other way to. Recover your account. Up to you I mean I have I have another call at 10 so we could we could start now if you want but you know we also can. Do it do another time if you prefer today. I think that was all we had for today so. Yeah I think otherwise we can pick up next week.
Beverly Curtis: Okay. And. Then we'll go from there. Okay. All right. That works.
Adam Harrison: And then for next week I think we have same time next week that still work for you.
Beverly Curtis: That's my.
Adam Harrison: Yeah sorry it's the audio is not picking up very well.
Beverly Curtis: Okay. So that's yeah.
Adam Harrison: Okay so if you don't mind. Okay perfect so if you don't mind giving this a try with see if maybe you could call support and then if you don't mind also forwarding me those few emails I'll look back and try to get those those things fixed for you.
Beverly Curtis: Okay all right. Thank you thank you Beverly.