Christopher Hume: What's it on? John?
Jon Baer: Nothing much. You.
Christopher Hume: I'm in the new office.
Jon Baer: Oh, you're in it. Nice. There it is.
Christopher Hume: There it is.
Jon Baer: It's a shipyard.
Christopher Hume: Shipyard, as promised. So how are things going this week? How is the new lead list treating you?
Jon Baer: Good? Just kind of breaking it in. You know, I probably only made like 10 calls from that new list because I'm just getting them in close. So I've got, I just put another 20 in, but I'm just kind of. Like, you know, stagging them out a little bit.
Christopher Hume: So then I guess we're really just in like. We're in like a two week experiment right now to see if this list is any better and burn through the end of the old list. Is there anything I can provide or any insights that I should take away that we haven't talked about yet?
Jon Baer: Not really. Getting them in flows, see how the calls go. That's it.
Christopher Hume: Okay. Yeah, I don't think there's much more to talk about today. I just wanted to make sure that you were good to go with a bunch of leads.
Christopher Hume: And as I said, it's gonna be like a two weeks. We really need to book a meeting or two. Or like, we're gonna have to completely rework this process. So I know like most of this is really outside of your control. It's really like a me like messaging, list building, all that. So let's just burn through as many of these people as we can in the next two weeks and we'll see where we land. And if you and if you see something, let's just keep make sure we're communicating a ton. So if you see and needs to change, if you think there needs to be an adjustment to the hook, let me know. And like this is. Like, that could be my full focus for at least 50% of my focus for the next two weeks. It's just like getting this right and either like really scaling or kind of like allocating. You to something else.
Jon Baer: Okay. And then as far as like the other. Like the other people like within flows, do you just want me to skip them or take them out or just kind of keep having them go through?
Christopher Hume: I mean, how much of your time is it going to eat just like finishing them out, do you think? Like is that gonna be half your time?
Jon Baer: It just depends on like, you know, I had all the last note emails.
Jon Baer: I probably, you know, eight or nine of them today. So which means like they're getting out of flows, right? But you know, there's other, yeah, I mean there's still the other ones going in like they're probably at. Their, you know, the last calls and things like that. It just depends on like how like what the tasks are, I guess.
Christopher Hume: You know, let's leave them in at least until the end of this week. Just keep doing what you're doing putting in 2015 a day and burning down these old people. And then we can check in on Friday if you're like, hey, Chris, I haven't been able to get through enough of the new list. We'll clean up, we'll clean out the old folks and just put in all new ones. But I don't think there's any need to like completely change the processing. Like we have a process like it takes a long time to get people on board. Like let's actually run it. But if you're like overwhelmed with old taskings and can't get to the new stuff, we can make an adjustment on Friday.
Jon Baer: Okay. Okay, cool.
Christopher Hume: Anything else? John?
Christopher Hume: No, that's it. Cool. Short and sweet. Then we should probably, I'm gonna have to cancel our Friday team meeting when we tour in apartments. Do you have like 15 minutes on Friday? Just because I think it's really important that you and I are in. Like, can we just do would 145 work for you? Or honestly, I'm free almost for most of the day on Friday.
Jon Baer: Yeah, I'm 45 is fine.
Christopher Hume: Let's just do 1452. Check in. Cool. If you anything else in the meantime, John, just let me know.
Jon Baer: Okay, awesome. Bye.