Becca Bressler: I'm going to share my screen. Let me just get this going real quickly. And are you a current jot site user for notetaking?
Melissa Kidby: Yeah. I've been with you a year. Year and a half, something like that.
Becca Bressler: Gotcha. All right. I'm just logging in, taking a second. Unreliable. Today. Here we go. Okay, great. Let me share my screen. All right, so a couple of the EHR features. It sounds like maybe you're interested in learning more about our forms. Customizing forms. You know, we have e prescription. You can set up patient payments. So, to start, let me just show you a little bit about our forms. So if you go to documentation, Or, you know, maybe I'll go in order. So. So we have a labs feature. Here. Where you can order a lab for your patient, you can, you know, select. We have a set of test bundles that we put together, individual tests. If you don't find something that you want, we love to hear in customer support if we're missing something that you would like to send ICD10 codes, instructions, etc. Sign the document and then it will generate a lab PDF. And then you can send it to the patient. So I didn't put an email for this patient, but you can send it to the patient via email. You can also, you know, print it. You can download it and send it if you want to send it as an attachment elsewhere. So this is one of the features we offer and the labs. Also, there's a couple different places that we enable this for you to send. So if you're, like, on a patient's profile, You can select the labs from here and it'll send it from this. And if you are looking in a note, for instance, and I want to send it to this test patient, Jamal, you can order it here as well. Send labs. And it will. So another thing that we offer are forms and customization of forms. So if you go here. We have some. Let's see. A forms library to get you started. So if you look in this forms library, we have a set of forms that we have loaded to this library already. So Gad7 we have sort of like a basic behavioral health intake form that can be customized. Other screeners phq9 and then you can also build your own form. So there's a couple different ways that you can do this. So this is. Sorry. Let me. Close my slack so I don't get those notifications. So you can edit the form, and there's, like, a whole slew of things you can do inside here. So you can, you know, reorder things, you can input, you know, short text boxes, long text boxes, you know, long answer question. You know, place text. Really it's. It, it's very customizable with whether you want text box or you want multiple choice. If you want to like add a drop down menu for a question and have like several different options, here you can decide if you want it to be like a required question, optional question. So this is one way that you can customize a form based on what we already have. If you sort of like some elements but want to, like, change things up, readjust it to your preferred wording or any if it's missing, like, a couple elements. And then you can publish it here. Previewing it first to see what will look like from the patient's perspective. But we also have this other. Form builder as well, where you can start from scratch so you can upload a document. Um, if you have, say, like, a PDS or text of a form that you send out, you can upload it here. I'm actually not going to go forward with uploading it. And it will create the form for you, and then you can, like, edit and adjust it to your liking. Using these, like, tools that I was just showing. You can build from scratch. So basically, like a blank slate, you can sort of build with these block building blocks that we have for you. Or there's, like, an AI form generation. So, let's see. What's the example? Let me just use the example. Create a patient intake form with social history. Family story, medication history. I'm sure you know. I know it's. You need a lot more information than that, but just for the sake. And what this will do. And sometimes, you know, the form ones take a little bit longer, but it'll. It'll build it out for you, and then there will be. Have you used our AI Chat bot editor before?
Melissa Kidby: Yeah, I've created my own documentation, my own notes, progress notes and intake notes.
Becca Bressler: Yeah, so then you could use same sort of system here to help, like, tailor the form to your liking. And so then, similarly to what I showed you before, If you go to, like, a patient's profile, you can. Send forms to these a patient and select, you know, whichever forms you want to send them, and it'll send those patient forms to either their email or their text message, and you can customize the message that you're going to send them. Or similarly, you know from a note. You could do the same thing here. So, you know, if you're finished your session and you want to send them notes that you want them to be, like, filling out before their next session, you can do it from this page as well. So. And then those notes and their responses to the screeners or a history of things you sent them. So, like the lab orders that you've sent, for instance. Are captured. In the patient's profile. So, you know, patient documents for, like, labs that you've sent them will show up here. Or other types of clinical documents, if you've used our document generator, which I can show you in a second. Clinical documents will show up here. Patient forms. You know, you can send the patient form from here as well. Um, but then also see a history. Of the forms that you've sent. And then Gad7, you know, an anxiety assessment over time. If you are collecting that information, this will be like a chart, like a chart over time. Um, showing you the scores. Uh, trend, um. So that is kind of where you would find it on the patients page. But then we also, you know, we know. And sometimes this is happening like more at a clinic level, if you're kind of over, if you have a lot of clinicians that you're working with. But we also. Let's see. You can in one place. I don't have any sent documents here, but, you know, if you go to send documents, you can basically see all of the documents, screeners, labs that you've sent and you know, search by patient. Type just to get a quick view of what you've sent your patients. So. So that's one thing. Similarly, in this, like, toolbar that I've been showing you where you can do a variety of things, have you seen the document generator at all? I don't want to, you know, show you features. That you maybe already played around with.
Melissa Kidby: Um, no, I haven't used the document generator.
Becca Bressler: So we know a lot of our users are creating ESA letters for their patients or, you know, discharge letters, etcetera, all sorts of things. Um, and so we have this tool, this, like, AI tool where you can basically type into it. Um, create an esa. Letter.
Melissa Kidby: I've already got templates for ESA letters. I've got templates for school letters. I've got templates for their treatment plans. To be more or less, I guess, just inputting. Copying over my PDF or.
Becca Bressler: You could create your template in here. Just if you want to be using jot psych to, then, like, so you're sending things all in one place. Um, and that way, you know, you can send documents that way. There's, like, patient follow up, which is. We have clinicians who like to customize a message that they send to their patients at the end of their sessions with, like, a summary of what they've done. So you can, you know, create a template of what you would like your, you know, patient summary to be and then send it to them at the end. Of a session. Um, so we have that. Um, payments. Oh, I think I heard this is something that you are interested in. But so basically it's in conjunction with stripes. You would have to set up your account with with a stripe account, but you're able to then do everything within jot psych you can request. I feel like I want to do myself here because I don't know this is a fake patient, but you know. Put in. I'll put in my phone number.
Melissa Kidby: I've used Stripe before.
Becca Bressler: Oh, you've used our patient request.
Melissa Kidby: No, I haven't, but I've used Stripe before.
Becca Bressler: Oh, okay. Got it. Yeah. So then it should be pretty easy for you to hook it up with your, like, existing Stripe account, and then you can. You know, this didn't work because this is not a real number. But it will then send a text message or an email, depending on what you choose, to your patient. And then they will receive sort of like an invoice, or they can like, you know, click to pay. And it's like a very seamless kind of classic stripe integration. And then and here is where you would be able to see, like, a history of invoices, so things that have been paid, things that are still outstanding. Um, I have you can add the payment method for your patient on file so you can store payment information. And so that is one thing that you're able to do through jot Psych. Also, I don't know if you. What. What do you charge do you use right now, Melissa?
Melissa Kidby: What? Which ehr. One that we're switching? Um, Novo Clinical.
Becca Bressler: Okay, so that's probably where you do. Are you a prescriber? Do you prescribe medication? Yeah.
Becca Bressler: So I imagine that's where you're doing your. Your prescription, your prescribing from as well.
Melissa Kidby: Yeah.
Becca Bressler: Um, so we just launched E Prescribe within jot Psych. And so this account, I'm not actually sure if this account has it set up, so I might need to log out and log prescribing, it says.
Melissa Kidby: Yeah.
Becca Bressler: Yeah. So this. They're self serve, but also the ability to set up an onboarding session with us, which I actually recommend because I think it can get a little confusing with two factor authentication and stuff like this. But we have E Prescribe, and so this account, though, it doesn't have. Would you like me to show you the E Prescribe workflow? Because I can sign into another account right now and kind of show you how that works, if you're interested to learn more. Give me one second here. For one second so I can. I think. Mail. Address. All right, let me share my screen again. I'm going to show window this time. O. Kay. So once you set up your prescribe integration, we are into integrated with a third party called Dose Spot. I don't know if you've heard about Dose Spot. For prescribing, but. So once you've set up. Dose spot with us in your account. Uh. It's telling me I haven't done identity proofing. Um. Let me see. I. Have already done identity proofing, but so I'm trying to figure out. Why? Wouldn't this. Okay, it looks like this one is. You know melissa. This something is not. This is a test. Oh, okay, well. But it should let me do it from the. Oh, here we go. Okay. Um, so once you've set up your eprescription, this is a test patient and a test account that we use, but basically from the patient page. Or also from the note page. Or. Excuse me, the recorder page. What you are able to do is click prescribe. And it will open into the patient's chart in Dosebot, it will open a new tab into Dosebot. Now, for the first time, you import your patients. You'll have to include some patient information. Um, and once you do, and it creates a patient profile and dose spot, in the future, it will just be able to like. One click open, you into that patient's profile. Um, and so here you can, you know, manage your patient's pharmacy. The first time you enter in a patient and go through the flow of prescribing for that patient, it will ask you to, you know, pick a preferred pharmacy. And, you know, you can add prescription, go through the process of. Adding a prescription filling in all of this information. I don't know how much of this you want me to. I don't want to bore you with me kind of bumbling around here, but you can add prescription information. What happens once you do is you can create a list of prescriptions if you prescribe. Multiple at the same time. Hit next and then on the next screen you'll be able to send off the prescriptions to the pharmacies. You can also see the patient medication history in dose spot. Um, and those spot you can also set up. If you prescribe controlled substances, there's an extra setup step, but it's no extra cost. Um, but you can also, through this, prescribe controlled substances. And with Indo spot, you know, there's like a link to the PMP that you would then, like, log into get that information. Um, and, yeah, so this is. And, you know, we've started onboarding around, like, 13 people. We just released this last week, actually. And so we're getting people set up and, you know, hearing positive feedback so far. But it's new, so we're eager to hear from our users. You know, how we can continue improving it to make it better for them. But, yeah, is there any. Do you have any questions? I feel like I gave you an overview of kind of more of our, like, EHR features.
Melissa Kidby: Which is what we were looking for is to look at the EHR feature. So. Which was hopeful. I think it was really helpful. I can't. I can't think of anything at the moment. Okay? Yeah.
Becca Bressler: We Also, I don't know that this is, like, classic, what you would call an EHR feature, but have you seen the Jaw Audit feature that we just released? Got it. So you're familiar with that? Um, yeah. I mean, of course we have. I don't know if you use our schedule, um, but you can schedule appointments here, um, and send reminders to your patients with you enter in their phone information. You can also. Here, let me just, like, put in the test patient. Once you set up, you know, your communication setup, uh, you can add reminders. You can also send forms and attach them to different appointment types if you want, so that you're able to send it to your patients ahead of the visit. And one of the things we're actually working on this week. Is more of like an organizational level functionality for scheduling so that a practice administrator can see the appointments that are happening across their organization. And admin staff would be able to create appointments for clinicians at their practice. Right now this is, you know, clinician by clinician, so you can see edit your calendar, but within the next week or so, there are going to be organization permissions there too. And you can create, you know, appointment types. So if you have standard follow up appointments that are always going to be a certain number of minutes and, you know, you want to make sure certain forms are attached every time you set up that appointment type to send to your patients, you're able to do that as well. Great. I think that we covered it. I hope I didn't go too quickly going through each of these features, but yeah, I hope, you know, play around with it. If you have additional questions, don't hesitate to reach out. And happy to get on another call for more of this.
Melissa Kidby: Perfect. Thank you. Becca.
Becca Bressler: Yeah. Nice to meet you.
Melissa Kidby: Nice to meet you. Take care. Bye.