alfred: How are you?
Jenna Shock: Good. How are you doing?
alfred: All right, thanks. I know that we've met. My name is Alfred, engineer here. Yeah. Helps us try the new vid or Jet video. I'm still not sure as to what we're going to coin this, but our telehealth add on or offering. We have 30 minutes, but I don't think we will need this much time. But I'll show you where it kind of is right now. I still have to finish a few tweaks and then push it up and make it available to you. And then hopefully, we'll be able to give it a shot with your patient tomorrow. All right, so let me share the screen here real quick. This is it. Okay? Telehealth offering really is if we take a step back, it's kind of borne out or born from the schedule. So the idea, in order connect all the pieces, is that you'd need an appointment. With a patient. And that appointment should have telehealth checked. And then you would have that appointment in your schedule. And what that is doing is that it's creating a waiting room. In the telehealth software that can be shared between you and your patient.
alfred: So if you were to go to a telehealth meeting that happened in the past, for example, if I go here, you'll see that the session was expired. If you go too far into the future. The waiting room's not open yet, so it needs to be. An appointment with telehealth. Needs to be set for around the time where you're going to have your appointment.
Jenna Shock: Okay? It is a different link every time.
alfred: Correct. It's a different link every time. Or at least for now, it's a different link every time. Yeah. We currently don't have the notion of you having multiple waiting room for different patients where they can just be waiting and you're on one space and just go, next, next, next. Right now, I think what we have is very much tied to the encounter or the appointment. So it needs to be. That also allows us to tie it in with the recording, essentially. So if we were to come here and you start the recording. We'll have this button here that says telehealth ready. Here. I need to do something real quick. Sorry.
Jenna Shock: Will that open right when the appointment is set to start, or does it open.
alfred: Early. It opens early and it also lasts longer. I think. I think the window.
alfred: I think we have it opening. I'll double check. I'll let you know. It's either 15 or 30 minutes before. And I believe it's the same 15 or 30 minutes after the appointment. Okay? This. I envision that window. I envision being something that needs to change as the product matures and we start getting feedback. You write through your recording, it's very much the same as always. You could do just a regular recording if you want to do a dictation beforehand. Or if you're ready to jump in, you could turn on the session. This I am working on moving it. So for you, tomorrow, it's going to be on the left side, probably here. A little bit bigger.
alfred: And like with other telehealth software, you have what we call a lobby, where you can check your microphone, check your camera, check your speakers, choose to go camera off or muted for when you join the call. And then you join the call. And at this point we'll be waiting for a client to join, I think, for tomorrow. We'll probably need to do is join here and copy the link or send it directly to the client or to the patient. And then in this case, let me share it with you. And they will receive links similar to what I just sent in the Google chat.
Jenna Shock: In the chat in this room.
alfred: In this room. Yeah. So if you look at the bottom tray, all the way to the right, there should be like, a little.
alfred: Yeah, I've got the chat open.
Jenna Shock: It just says no chat messages yet.
alfred: Try again. Let me. So I send it to you via email. Maybe that works.
Jenna Shock: Okay?
alfred: Then once. You request. And I'm working on this now, so it reads a little bit better. But essentially, at this point, your client or your patient is asking to be logged in. So you would either admit or deny them. If you admit. Then we're here, we're set up. So I think the key thing to keep in mind is that the recorder. But just being in a call via telehealth does not mean that you are recording the transcript to generate the note. These are two different systems. In the same place. But the idea is that you should be able to have a conversation that doesn't make its way into the note. Or vice versa. So if you start recording at this point, it's recording our conversation. But if you want to have a confidential talk and that you don't want ending in the recording, you would probably just deposit how you would normally do. And then resume recording. And then when the time comes to end the call, You can similar. Do I want to stop recording and leave or I want to just leave the call? If I leave the call, I can continue recording and I can add some additional information to the note after the call was ended. The flip side is also possible. You can end the recording and then continue having the telehealth session. That's essentially it. 's. I don't know if there's any questions or feedback or anything like that.
Jenna Shock: I don't think I have any questions. I think we'll just kind of go through it. Yeah, I'll message her and let her know because she's going to get an automatic from my other system reminder with a link, but I'll let her know to ignore that one and that I'll send another one.
alfred: So a few things here that this supports also. We're supporting picture in picture. Which would allow you. If you click it, I don't think you can see it because of how I'm sharing my screen. But you end up getting. A little picture that goes outside. So if you want to go into your ehr and continue having the conversation while the recording is happening, you can do that with the picture in picture and same if you just want to have a bigger view of the conversation. Not being distracted with anything. You can go full screen. And like with other. Video, telecoms, teleconferencing. You can also share screens and whatnot. That would be with this, the one thing that we currently don't support. And I'd be curious. If we should be supporting it. You tell me if something like chat, is that something that I do use, chat.
Jenna Shock: Either if I'm sharing a link with them or if I'm. If there's.
Jenna Shock: Sound issue or something like that. It's a quick way for me to let them know what's going on. So I do use chat. I do occasionally have more than one person sign in.
alfred: That we will support Already you'll have let me. I should be able to. Do this here. We'll get into. Now I'm trying to log in from a different place. And. Multiple people so that we can also change the view if it's grid or if it's Speaker 2 and that sort of thing. Let me get rid of this because it is messing with, all right? And yeah, that's it. So good to know about the chat. Because I tabled that for a bit yesterday because we were running into difficulties. But I'll speak with product and make sure that we get that into the V1 of this product, but we won't have it for tomorrow.
Jenna Shock: Do you know one thing that I deal with on occasion right now? If someone is signing in from a phone instead of a computer or a tablet or something. If they get on my current system, if they get a text or a phone call. It will occasionally kick them out. And then if they want to. Change windows and go look at their calendar when we schedule at the end. Sometimes that kicks them out. Do you know if they're able to do that?
alfred: The kicking out is very likely. It's a problem that we suffer on mobile devices, even with our recording. Where because of variable reasons, whether it's battery or just connection or resources on the phone. Any tab that gets backgrounded. Loses priority. So on handheld devices and these sorts of things. The device itself will say, or the browser will say, oh, you know what? This is eating too much. But the user is not on this, so I'm just going to kill it. I'm going to background it. I'll have to get back to you. I think there might be. Options around that. So we are using like a third party library to handle a lot of the video, not the audio or anything like that. So they might already have something like a dedicated app or something to that effect that would support better the. The backgrounding. So I'll look into that and see if there's something there, but, yeah, if not. The good thing is that the same URL that you sent them, they'll be able to click it and we'll be able to go back in. So at least there they should be able to get back in the meeting,
Jenna Shock: which is essentially what they have to do now.
alfred: What they have to do now. Okay, but. I will look into that, because that's definitely something that I hadn't even considered. Awesome.
Jenna Shock: Good deal. I will let you all know if anything. Comes up, hers is going to be a one hour. Session, but I don't have anything right after it, so I'll send you guys a message and let you know.
alfred: That would be great. And yeah, thank you very much for trying this out. Looking forward to feedback. Yeah. Thank you very much.
Jenna Shock: No problem. I'll talk to you tomorrow.
alfred: All right, talk to you tomorrow.
Jenna Shock: Thanks. Bye.
alfred: Bye.