Christopher Hume: Hey Brain Health Team, is this just your AI subscriber? Is anyone on the line yet? Hey, Antoine.
Antoine: Hey Chris.
Christopher Hume: How are you happy Friday?
Antoine: Sir? How are things going on on their side?
Christopher Hume: Things are great really beautiful day in DC how about you?
Antoine: So good so far? Did a lot of things honestly yeah things done before the weekend.
Christopher Hume: So the weekend that's for sure.
Antoine: Yeah. Give me a minute I'm gonna call David.
Christopher Hume: Absolutely.
Antoine: Hi Chris are you there? Chris? Hello. There you go got disconnected. Sarah Chris I cannot hear you.
Christopher Hume: Everybody can you hear me now?
David Yacoub: Oh yeah that's thanks you to hear me?
David Yacoub: Yep David hey sorry about that.
Christopher Hume: No worries at all.
David Yacoub: It's good to meet you Chris have we met actually before
Christopher Hume: I was on the call last week last year yes yes yes
David Yacoub: well it's good to see you again just had some quick questions nothing crazy at all just kind of going through some of the features and functionality I think one of the bigger questions that I had if you could just give me one second here I think I wrote a few of them down. But I think there was just some like maybe bugs or something that we found while kind of going through the platform like for example one thing that we had noticed was like when trying to schedule appointments had basically just not allowing it to happen just saying like you know error yeah and it allowed me to do it and I thought it was because the other person was just not like an admin on the account or something so I gave them full like privileges that didn't solve it. But something else we had noticed was like for example when even adding a patient to the schedule like when we were going through like the filtering for example there was like a search functionality that was saying like I think it was either mislabeled or something like that but it was saying to search for a patient we'd search for a patient and then I guess. It was like it made it seem like by searching for the patient you would only be seeing all of the appointments for that patient but it actually would do the opposite and it would exclude all of the patients that were filtered you know if that makes sense like so those were just a few things and then I think some other things was just kind of going through in terms of I'm trying to think here there was I think it was in terms of like functionality. I'm trying to think in terms of like exporting analytics and things like that is there any sort of like analytics tab that kind of tells you any sort of information about like one of her vi like what you know like the appointments go through or did like the patient not go to their appointments or like visits in the day or like anything like that are away for us to even export. For example like let's say a day's schedule or if we wanted to export like a day's worth of a schedule to like an Excel sheet if we wanted to for example or any sort of functionality like that or an analytics page where we can kind of see you know any sort of information from the company like you know like doctors like how many visits were seen how many appointments were done any sort of like analytics like that.
Christopher Hume: So right now David just off the bat so the real analytics and reporting we typically develop those with our billing customers so we have billing analytics. While we don't have any off the shelf. Analytics within the JART site kind of scribe EHR feature I would be happy to check with the engineers to see what the art of the possible is so would you mind telling me what specific reports you're looking for?
David Yacoub: I mean I think for example like something that would be nice is just like how many you know maybe how many appointments are scheduled in the day for example or you know if a patient got seen by the doctor it's like at least indicating like you know like the visit was completed or not or something you know or the patient didn't show up to the visit you know got marked you know something along those lines because you know it's a super large practice and so we got to kind of keep track of somehow like even in office ally and they're a little bit outdated but they kind of still at least have this feature of like you know you can indicate whether or not a patient didn't show up things like that.
David Yacoub: And I'm going to see if I can get this other person with us. Anyways yeah, but those are just some of the things that I can kind of think about
Christopher Hume: okay I we don't have those off the shelf, but certainly for kind of a clinic like yours or you're big and really interested in using jot psych I can check in the engineering team and see sort of what's the art of the possible there and then Antoine I saw you might have had a question as well was that about reports?
Antoine: Yeah basically David said it all it's mainly like the operational analytics like how many points and the schedule the no shows even the types of appointments we got you know like we have different types of points like the follow ups the evaluations and what percentage of no shows within like a certain period of time and so on and so forth.
Christopher Hume: So that kind of in that operational world that's certainly something that we're developing for billing customers so I see no reason why that shouldn't be possible for you as well I just need to confirm with the engineering and analytics team to see if that's something we could do for you.
David Yacoub: Perfect and then if you don't mind like looking at those like little things that I had mentioned earlier on the sure there's something else I'm for sure missing it and I didn't mean for this to be like a whole formal meeting or anything personally I just wanted to like I didn't just wanted to like ask like a question so I don't know if there's like an easy way that if I remember like if I could just shoot you like a message or an email or like a call or something just you know so you know because I didn't I don't think it was like super like you know I didn't have like a long list of things or anything like that
Christopher Hume: well I'm certainly glad David that you didn't have a long list of things I'm glad it was a short one that questions and things to tighten up yeah David I will after this call send you my my email and phone number so if you think of those you could just shoot me a message I see you also left Slack would you like to be added back in there
David Yacoub: or so I guess I had like this free trial membership because I personally don't know how to use slack or anything is it expired and so it just kind of kicks me out but I'll I'll recreate it
Christopher Hume: you know it shouldn't charge you so I'm sorry about that but I'll reinvite you and make sure you have my other contact information as well for any one off questions but I kind of enjoy call so no worries if this is easier.
David Yacoub: I appreciate it well thank you guys well that was pretty much it on my end I don't know Antoine if you have anything else or yes sorry go
Christopher Hume: ahead yeah David my only question is who what was the name of the provider who was having the issues with the with the error on the schedule screen I would love to just I'll look on my end
David Yacoub: on their account yes I think it was Christine and it wasn't a I don't know if they're even I don't know if they were even put as a provider is that something that's like required you have to be a provider to make an appointment okay no no it was definitely it was Christine there's not that many accounts so you'll you'll find it pretty quick. But yeah I mean that was pretty much it and I I didn't know I tried going and thinking about whether like I tried like you know diagnosing it you know like whether maybe it was like the time was like afterwards like you know maybe the time of the appointment was like I thought maybe like there was something because we were on that page for a little bit so I thought maybe the appointment time had already passed or something and it was just like trying to prevent us from doing a mistake but I just couldn't figure it out.
Christopher Hume: Was Christine couldn't schedule an appointment and then when you were searching for patients it wasn't really showing the patient or when you're searching for patients on the calendar it wasn't really working either.
David Yacoub: Yeah I mean basically when I was searching for patients it was more so like there's a there's like a filter I guess on the left side of the screen on the scheduling section where it's like there's two tabs and on the tab on the right like I guess it's like search by patient or something like that. And when you put in the patient's name and you click enter it almost like it seems like it's supposed to be a filter of like only showing the appointments for this patient, but it will like actually like exclude that patient from the list.
Christopher Hume: David would you be able to show me that on your screen? Would you be able to share your screen and show me that that would be so helpful as we get to the bottom of this?
David Yacoub: Yes, I just let me try to I just need to get to a place where I could like get a computer on or something. If there's any way Antoine is can you log into the account I can actually I'll give you the credentials and you could just see and make an appointment yourself and see if it works right here live.
Antoine: Yeah, actually trying to.
David Yacoub: Be really helpful. Here let me send you the login.
Antoine: I do have a login actually but I do.
David Yacoub: Perfect. Okay that's fine.
Antoine: You can like within the same company space
David Yacoub: that oh I mean you might have to tell them your username because I don't know if I sent it yours did you I don't know if you ever sent me your username or your email that you logged in with.
Antoine: Yeah it's Antoine underscore on CRTubeMD.com but let me send it on the chat however I'm in.
Christopher Hume: Maybe a country like my yeah could you share your screen Antoine?
David Yacoub: Yeah and I'll tell you exactly where it is so that.
Antoine: All right. There you go. Not this one.
David Yacoub: Yep okay.
Antoine: Sorry one second.
David Yacoub: Yeah there you go perfect now click schedule the top left there. Nope. Now yep you see the appointment types at the left side there wait I don't know if the filter pops up if there's no appointment made okay.
Christopher Hume: No actually I'll add Antoine to your group okay then should. Be everything that you guys see let me do that right now.
Antoine: I've sent over my email on this meeting.
Christopher Hume: Thank you Antoine.
Antoine: So what should I do now okay one second sorry I haven't added
Christopher Hume: yet my fingers are a little slow on a Friday afternoon. Okay so Antoine I am copying your email in now. Sec. I will. Add. You. I'll put you in as a practice administrator so you have all the access.
Antoine: So that I look out and log in or gonna like.
Christopher Hume: I think it's adding you right now let you know when it's done and then you can just refresh your screen. If you refresh your screen one more time Anton. Okay let's see what happens if you. Maybe if you just go to the patient screen. Maybe refresh one more time Antoine. Or you can log out and log back in yeah. This is always how it works right there's a there's an issue and then as soon as you get the the customer support people on the line yeah yeah yeah don't get me wrong I get it to happen okay schedule.
David Yacoub: Yeah. I mean I swear there's like I wish there's like a filter I think you have to open just create a new patient first Antoine like yeah create a new appointment on any day there's already patients that are made oh wait I think. It try Lauren L-O-R-I-N.
Christopher Hume: G. Let me check your settings. Then you should Antoine if you go to. Patience Antoine can you see anyone there. No. Okay well I will have to figure out why you don't have patience. But I certainly understand I'm going to look into this David if you if this happens again could you just send me a picture or screenshot that would be so helpful sure there was I'll look into Christine's account and see what's going on here.
David Yacoub: No worries that sounds great I really appreciate it.
Christopher Hume: And my last question for for you two was Nate mentioned potentially you were interested in setting up jot RX at some point with a quick check in next week maybe around Wednesday just to see how the initial trials going and to see if you'd be interested in JotRx with 15 minutes on Wednesday work for you yeah I think that's fine. Oh same time was just 1111 Pacific to. 2 Eastern.
David Yacoub: Yeah I think that's that sounds fine. Perfect.
Christopher Hume: So get that on the calendar right now. As soon as this meeting wraps up. Any last things I can help with Dave here and mom.
David Yacoub: No that's perfect you've been great I really really appreciate it
Christopher Hume: no I really appreciate you guys sharing this and we'll get to the bottom of it.
David Yacoub: Thank you thank you Chris all right and is your are you gonna send me an email with like your contact in case there's something else okay perfect all right well I really appreciate it Chris thank you so much for meeting with us we really appreciate it.
Christopher Hume: Anytime anytime just an email away.
David Yacoub: Okay I appreciate have a good one thanks for joining Brittany bye everyone.