Justin Zamora: Hey, Chris, can you hear me?
Christopher Hume: There we go. Hey, Justin. How are you now?
Justin Zamora: I can hear you. Yeah. Good to see you. Happy New Year.
Christopher Hume: Yeah, Happy New Year. How are your holidays?
Justin Zamora: It was. It was good. I mean, it's more for our little boy, and so we enjoyed it. How about you?
Christopher Hume: Oh, great. Yeah. I. My fiance's from Charleston. We live in D.C. and I'm from Connecticut, so we were getting a lot of time on the I95 corridor, up and down in between.
Justin Zamora: Oh, my gosh.
Christopher Hume: But it was fun. It was fun.
Justin Zamora: Well, that's cool. That's exciting to know. You were. You were engaged. When will you marry?
Christopher Hume: We're getting married in November, so. Seemed like a long time, but 10 months kind of comes quick.
Justin Zamora: That's awesome.
Christopher Hume: Where will you marry? Down in Charleston. Down in Charleston. Will be.
Justin Zamora: That's a lovely place.
Christopher Hume: Especially in November, right? Yeah. July, maybe not so much, but November is a really good time of year down there.
Justin Zamora: Yeah, I. If I did it. If I didn't meet my wife when I did, I was either looking at Nashville or Charleston, really, as places to relocate. So I'm only in Utah. My. My folks moved out from California to Utah because my sister was here and my father passed away during the COVID era. And my mom's here and she's older and just to take care of her, but she's good now, and I'm like, you know what?
Justin Zamora: I'm gonna go and, you know, go do something. But then I met my wife and yeah, Utah looks like Utah.
Christopher Hume: It is. Yeah. Sorry.
Justin Zamora: Go ahead. I mean, first. First of all, I want to thank you so much for extending the trial and all that. Let's. Let's use our time to figure out what we can do to. Yeah. To kind of formalize a relationship. Yep, certainly.
Christopher Hume: So I think just the two things I have for you, Justin, are. One, would love to hear how it's going with your providers and your kind of patience and getting to use it in session. I know you said there was sort of some. Some pushback on the opt out versus opt in procedure, and so I just wanted to see how that was going. And then I can tell you sort of what we have cooking in terms of plans that I think will work better for you and the team.
Justin Zamora: So we got more pushback and some. Some. Some anger. And within like two days of the. Give me one second got a mute. Within, within two days of patient feedback on the kind of the complaints, I just stopped it.
Christopher Hume: Yeah, they're from the patients or your providers?
Justin Zamora: No, patients.
Christopher Hume: Providers.
Justin Zamora: Love it.
Justin Zamora: Yeah, Jot Psych makes everyone's job easier. And it was interesting. I met with my CEO yesterday and she was like, our medical folks, they're really pushing back on anything AI related. They're wedded to drag and dictate.
Christopher Hume: Oh my goodness.
Justin Zamora: But so, yeah, so from second full week of December, that was when I published the new informed consent and kind of the new policy. And just from, from, from day one, it was, there was a lot of friction, a lot of resistance. Day two, I got more from more the Spanish speaking folks.
Justin Zamora: And because no, I wouldn't say no one, I mean, I think maybe only three people assented to. Was just, it was just disproportionately not, not going in my direction, in our direction. And so I, I made the, just the shift and said, all right, let's just continue what we're doing and let's just use Dictate our Trout Psych as kind of a dictation and note consolidation tool.
Justin Zamora: And I mean, using, using it in that way has, has been really helpful in a lot of ways. I don't know if, I don't know if you guys have been privy to comments on Reddit. It was like a therapist subreddit where someone got a half a million dollar clawback from blue shield because 97% of their notes, they're kind of like me, where people are acting under the MPI. They got audited and it was 97% of their notes were not in compliance.
Justin Zamora: And it was a half, half a million dollar clawback.
Christopher Hume: Oh, that. You hear stories like that. Oh my God.
Justin Zamora: Yeah. So that would be a great marketing tool for that. I don't know. You check it. It was on Reddit. I mean, it just popped up randomly on my feed. Yeah. And I was like. And I use that as in my meeting with the CEO and I said, this is why we need. Even though we're low on kind of the audit list. Yeah. Given what we are, clawbacks are not something that we, we can really tolerate.
Christopher Hume: Yeah. No. I don't know how many people could tolerate a half million dollar clawback.
Justin Zamora: But it was like due in 30 days.
Christopher Hume: Yeah. Oh my goodness. Well, I'm sorry to hear that. And hopefully kind of as well. I'm glad to hear we're helpful, but I'm sorry to hear that we're still kind of facing the front. Friction here with the consent, hopefully, just as people see AI more and more and it kind of goes from that valley of technology adoption where it starts and then hopefully it just kind of becomes less scary. I could kind of walk you through, Justin, are some of the pricing levels that we're about to roll out?
Christopher Hume: So these rollout, I can roll them out to you starting next week. I'll just do it custom and then we'll have it kind of formally rolled out to our entire. All of our customers as an option by. Yeah. The next. By February. Would that be helpful? Is there anything else kind of before I jump into kind of the nuts and bolts here?
Justin Zamora: No, that's great.
Christopher Hume: Okay, perfect. So I was sort of looking at your team's usage and I saw we're kind of in the. A lot of them are in like the mid 10s. So what we're rolling out is we have for providers who are like very low usage like that, if they're doing like 15 notes a month, we make sure, yeah, 15 notes a month, that's. Or fewer, that's $39 per month per provider. And then they'll have. I know we kind of have at other times walked through all of the advanced features in jot Psych. Some of those they'll have limited access to, but I don't think many of your providers are using those like document generation and lab forms or anything like that. They'd be allowed to use it a little bit, but so I don't think that's really an issue. And then for your providers or your therapists who kind of are taking more than 15 notes a month, but yeah, again, aren't using sort of those automated features like lab orders, forms, documents. We have kind of just like just the AI scribe. Unlimited access is $100 a month. And so those are kind of the more permanent ongoing pricing tiers we have for kind of those. Yeah, lower. Lower. God, sorry, it's Friday. Lower throughput or patient load users.
Justin Zamora: So I make. I'm going to make sure I'm understanding this. So for the, for just using the, the AI tool where people are typing in or dictating their notes, they're less than 15 notes a month. It's 39 monthly per provider. Correct. And if it's more than that, I'll sensibly get 100.
Christopher Hume: Yep, yep. And then. Go ahead. I'm sorry. Oh, I was going to say, of course there's like other features as well that we're rolling out. So we're rolling out like billing support and yeah, some other things like that. But I happy to at some point, Justin, walk you through that. But I don't think that's particularly relevant to your kind of your use case.
Justin Zamora: Yeah, it's not. So to give you an understanding of what we're of 2026, the JOT psych services help is really helpful for training and documentation purposes.
Justin Zamora: We've got a lot of, a lot of young folks, a lot of new folks. They have to learn how to do notes. They're arcing under my license. Talked about the clawback.
Christopher Hume: I don't want that.
Justin Zamora: We're switching. We're looking to switch to a new emr. Oh, May. And the reason why is I don't want to do that now because I have to retrain everyone. And yeah, ECW is just really, it's really expensive. It's kind of the, the monopoly in the fqhc. But because we're a non profit, there's. There's an EMR that's going to give us a really good one. I mean it's all what we need. Like we don't need labs, we don't need. Yeah. Prescription orders and all that stuff. We just need something that we can document our stuff securely and that admin can pull the data. So we'll be switching that start date is May because that's when my new training cohort starts.
Christopher Hume: And what are you switching to, Justin?
Justin Zamora: There's a couple of options. I think that probably the front runner is Tebra.
Christopher Hume: Oh, yeah.
Justin Zamora: Okay, I've got it somewhere. Zander Health. Zander Health. No, not Xander. I don't know. I don't want to waste your time.
Christopher Hume: No. And the reason I asked Justin is just we're rolling out a chrome extension integration, so I would assume whatever EHR you'll have, it'll be available. But what that means is some providers won't have to even copy paste. They'll just push a button and it will port that data over. So when you do do that transition. Yeah, I just wanted to let you know. We can probably set something up at that point to even cut down on the copy paste time.
Justin Zamora: That's great. Yeah. I can update you as we move forward on that. So that's kind of the transition plan. So. Out of curiosity, if we were to explore the live transcription feed, I imagine that would be turned off.
Christopher Hume: The live transcription.
Justin Zamora: You know, the people are talk.
Christopher Hume: Talking stuff in the session.
Justin Zamora: Yeah.
Christopher Hume: Oh, no, no, that would still be. That would still be. Of course, on. If we. No matter what plan you're on, you can do either sessions with the patient or kind of dictations afterward.
Justin Zamora: Okay. All right, so let me see. So 15 notes a month, 39 per provider. I mean, that's kind of. That's. It's interesting that you talk about how low some of our folks are. So I guess, I mean, the only thought that comes to my mind is is there anything that we can do on two fronts. One, knowing that we have some trainings, I'm wondering if there would be something like a. A training seat rather than a full kind of time provider seat. So think about that.
Justin Zamora: And then the other one is on my end, I'm willing to do what I can to help. Job psych. Yeah. Kind of as a subject matter expert to. Because, Chris, I mean, I'll be honest with you. I've. I've bragged about us using your tool to training programs. We're in the recruiting season right now, so start. Starting next week, I'm going to three different universities to kind of recruit for a new cohort.
Christopher Hume: And.
Justin Zamora: And so that's just something that I'm just. I'm just thinking about as far as, like, because I know content is important for you, having folks who are. Actually, there's kind of your testimonials. I'm wondering if, if me offering that could. Could kind of help us with. With any kind of pricing.
Christopher Hume: Yeah. So, I mean, first off, we really appreciate that and we would love. I mean, kind of as an aside, I would, I'll send you our materials. We'd love Justin to have you on our clinical advisory board and I'll kind of send you an overview of what that board is and then we can kind of. Because yeah, that would truly be wonderful. I think in terms of training seats or education seats, kind of just strategically like we kind of sunset that program in 2025 and trying to move to the just pure usage based pricing seats just because it's. Yeah.
Justin Zamora: An easier. More economical.
Christopher Hume: More economical and easier for us to, to kind of. We have a bunch of different seats. It gets hard to track. Yeah. So I'm not sure if there's a ton of flexibility in kind of the 39amonth or the, the $100 a month pricing. So I'm not sure because I'm looking at your providers, Justin, like what range are they in in notes a month do you think? Typically.
Justin Zamora: Well, that. That's. So the. We're experiencing a strategic error on my part where I brought on more people than I needed and that's the reason why is that I was building this program. Yeah. I started what in January last year and it's like we're always busy and so I just brought on essentially a good enough people. So I've got 10 people going forward. I'm recruiting only instead of 10 people, 10 interns, I'm only recruiting for six. And the reason why is that they need to get their hours and the math is they, they need about 25 to 30, 30 contact hours monthly. And so where my mind is going at the 15 note mark, everyone is going to be a full time provider.
Christopher Hume: Okay.
Justin Zamora: So if, if maybe we can come to you know, 25, 30 note threshold, I think that could work out quite well.
Christopher Hume: So just to be like completely upfront, I don't know how much as this is being kind of decided on a level above my head, like I can't promise you just that there's going to be flexibility there. But what I can do is so like behind the curtain this first month I can just make sure you're kind of all on that all your providers are on the $39 a month. And just like wherever we end up with the kind of usage for the first month, like we'll keep you at that rate but then kind of after that first month I'll see if there's any kind of flexibility. If we could do a 30 note cap as opposed to. Close to a 15, no cap, but it might be that kind of as a company policy we're going to have a hard line on. It's 15 or it's unlimited. Yeah. So I just want to be upfront with that. When I kind of turn this on, I'll just have to see how much flexibility we have there.
Justin Zamora: I appreciate what you can do.
Christopher Hume: Yeah, no, and I mean this has been, and we've enjoyed kind of the partnership so much. So I want to make sure, kind of however we can help and find something that works for everyone, we can do. But I also just know organizationally we're trying to kind of set some tears and stick to them and.
Justin Zamora: But both you and I are probably in that, you know, we have a lot of responsibility, but sometimes we don't have the authority in certain areas. So I'm, I get where you're coming from and I appreciate anything that you can do. And I mean I'm really invested, Chris, and for us to work something. That's why I said, you know, I'm just on my own volition, be happy to offer what I can as far as like marketing user testimonials and those types of things to strengthen the relationship and to, to make this bi directional, I mean equitable. And so no, I really appreciate that.
Christopher Hume: And also again, I got no promise of what I can do, but we're still finalizing all of these, everything in terms of pricing and the tiers. And so I'm going to take this to the team. People are actually out today and I'm going to talk to them on Monday. I'll make sure you get the $39 for like the next. I think your trial might end tomorrow. I'll make sure the first month everyone's on that kind of lower tier and then they can use the notes, whatever, we'll work it out. I'll see if there's any flexibility. And whether there is or whether there isn't, maybe we could check in, Justin, in like two weeks, kind of see how your team's doing on this plan, see how many notes they're taking and I can kind of come back with kind of feedback on if there's any flexibility in tiering or any flexibility with kind of that partnership relationship.
Justin Zamora: Love it.
Christopher Hume: Okay, so I'll get that set up this afternoon, this afternoon, this weekend sometime and you'll get an invoice and then I'll set something up. There's just two weeks from today, same time, same place work for you, Justin?
Christopher Hume: Well, hopefully the same place because I think all I've got is Google Meet.
Justin Zamora: Yeah, the 30th.
Christopher Hume: That works. Yeah. Perfect. Let me discard duplicate check in 30th. Perfect. Okay.
Justin Zamora: And if you send me the invoice, is it going to be like a docusign? Because I have to pass that on to the cfo because she's the one who would. Can I Forward like a DocuSign document or do you want me to give you her email?
Christopher Hume: Yeah, if you could share her email. I'll have to think about this.
Justin Zamora: I'll shoot you an email with the folks after this.
Christopher Hume: Yep, perfect. And then either today or on Monday, I'll get the invoice out and then you'll have like seven days so no one will lose access.
Justin Zamora: Got it. I appreciate that.
Christopher Hume: No, of course. I appreciate you working with us, Justin. You. You and your team. Like, the visit out there was just so eye opening to us. Like, it's. Yeah, it's so helpful. It's been a really fun partnership and can meet everyone and see your workflow. So helpful as we kind of build out this product. So happy to see where. What we can do to get to the same. Same place.
Justin Zamora: I would love for you to come back maybe in a year's time where you can see. Because you saw us. We had just been settled into our clinic. I've got some. I mean, probably like you at Jot Psych. You guys have big plans for yourself this year. I've got big plans for my. My department. And Jot Psych is a part of that.
Christopher Hume: And so I would love to. We'd love to do that, Justin. So, yeah, once we get this up and running, we'd love to do a second check. A second? Yeah. And see how Jet Sec's being used.
Justin Zamora: Great.
Justin Zamora: Okay, Wonderful, Chris. All right, awesome. I'll shoot you an email within five minutes.
Christopher Hume: Okay. Yep. All good. Have a wonderful weekend.
Justin Zamora: Great. You too.
Justin Zamora: All right, thank you. Bye.