Nathan Peereboom: Bill, did you get to see the game this weekend?
Bill Eberhart: It's all the first parts where it was a 12 nothing, and the top of the third sees all the boring parts.
Nathan Peereboom: Oh, I'm sorry to hear that. Yeah, I know. I have some friends who are really in the. The sports betting world, and they were like, things are going well until the fourth quarter for us. And I'm like, the fourth quarter was the only time anything interesting happened.
Bill Eberhart: Yes.
Nathan Peereboom: All right, so. Hey, Brittany, how are you? Oh, I think you're muted.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Good. How are you?
Nathan Peereboom: Good, Good, good, good. All right, so you guys ready?
Bill Eberhart: Yes.
Nathan Peereboom: All right, I'm going to share my screen. We're going to walk through this presentation. There's a little bit of a twist and a turn in it, which I think you guys will be interested in. But the TLDR is that, like, we are at the IOI phase of this process, which means that what we're going to show you in this presentation is the general range of total, what's called consideration that we are interested in making to Tidemark. So. And, you know, I'll walk through what that means. The goal from here is to get to what's called a letter of intent, which is different than indication of intent. A letter of intent is. Is sort of binding. Like, it's sort of like us actually saying, like, hey, we're going to, like, go and, like, do the financing to make this happen. And so what we want to do as a team, you, me, you know, and Chris, is try and de risk that process, so we can write you a letter of intent and hopefully make the acquisition. Okay. All right.
Nathan Peereboom: And let me know if you can see this. It's just. I'm going to walk you through the, you know, kind of the indication of. Of interest here. Okay. So. All right, so here's kind of what we're proposing. We. We just want to be, like, straight, straight about this. Like, we would like to acquire Tidemark, and that would include, you know, basically your entire billing operation, all of your customer relationships, your team, your brand, and the processes therein. We. We. We would not include, like, you know, we're not trying to acquire Mental Health Managed, and we're also not trying to acquire Tide Mark Therapy, which in our understanding is your clinical practice. Us, Right. So. So that's kind of what we're talking about here. The kind of top line number that we're thinking about is somewhere between 400 and $700,000. And that would be comprised of basically four or five different payment components. So one is cash directly to you, two is debt payoff, three is the assumption of the SBA loan, worth is a performance earnout, and five is a consulting agreement. Now, we came to this number using kind of like just a very simple. Like we took the numbers you guys gave us in our last call, we put them through like our model of, like, you know, how that shakes out. And this is just like kind of the traditional way that a business like yours gets valued. So we didn't do anything really special with it. You know, just kind of a down the fairway approach. Let me start out. I mean, before we go any further, like, is this sort of what you were expecting? Is this in range for you?
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Yeah. Yes, I think it was what was in range for us.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, great. All right, so here's the. You know, we just want to confirm a few things, you know, as we go through.
Christopher Hume: So looks like Bill is talking, but he's on mute. So just want to.
Nathan Peereboom: I apologize. Thanks, Chris. I appreciate you. Oh, Brittany, can you hear Bill? I'm sorry, I can't.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): I cannot hear him now.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, no worries. Thanks for that, Chris. I. When I'm presenting, you guys turn into these little dots on, like the bottom of my screen, and I can't really see anyone's faces.
Bill Eberhart: I was. I was saying I agree with this. This range. Okay. With. With our expectations. The. The audio now, it works so amazing.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, so we. We want to just kind of reflect back to you, like, what's important to us as we go through this and why, you know, like, you know, just kind of like the four key values that, like, we're holding in your interest as we, like, go through this. So one, like, you guys have told us that you want continuity for your team. Like, that's something that we have written down in this model. You know, we understand that, like, you guys care about your people and, like, you want to take care of them. And so that's something that we intend to retain them as we, you know, make this transition and continue to expand and operate. The second thing, particularly, Brittany, like, we really do want you involved for a period of time. Now, this is the form, the consulting agreement that we referenced in the previous slide. So that's written into this model. Mental health managed. We want to retain that relationship we know that that is really important to you as well, and we see it, frankly, as like a growth opportunity for us and. You know, allowing y' all to focus on mental health managed and build that business into something really special. And to have us, you know, as like the sidecar that's like continuing to serve you and make it so that you, you know, we manage the billing and you guys manage the expansion of that, that business is like incredibly exciting. And then of course, you know, we just want to address this debt problem. Like, you know, the debt is, you know, something that I think is weighing on you guys, probably not just financially, but like psychologically. And when we get to kind of later conversations, like we thought about some creative ways to kind of just, you know, nip that out of the picture relatively soon. So, so those are the four values that we're approaching this with. The thing that we feel risk around right now is customer adoption of Job site. Because remember, the whole reason we're interested in acquiring Tidemark is because we believe that JOT Psych and the billing tools inside of job site are a genre changing capability for this industry. And so key to that thesis is that your customers like our software. If folks within your portfolio don't like Jot Psych, the whole acquisition math basically collapses for us. And it could be something that was like a company ending decision for us given our size. So, um, here's what we're going to propose as a next step. So before we get lawyers and diligence involved, we want to test adoption within your, you know, within your portfolio. And so what we're proposing is that we basically do a pilot program with 20 of your customers, but we pay you guys for kind of that inconvenience. So, you know, what we're proposing is like, we pay you guys $10,000 to basically say, hey, help us, you know, pilot job site with 20 of your customers. And you know, we're going to offer JAWS like at like a super discounted rate for them. But we want to understand, like, how do they respond? Do they like Jot Psych? Do they adopt it? You know, how long does it take? You know, what are the hiccups? And so for us, our, you know, as I said, our long term model depends on your customers adopting JOT Psych. But for you, like, we don't want to waste your time. And so we want to like show you guys that we're serious about this and that's kind of what the $10,000 is for. But it's also like in our view, again, this is like our worldview. Like, we think we feel evangelical about our software. So we're like, you know, this is just a win for everyone because even your customers are going to like have a completely improved situation by using job site. People love our software. This is going to be a great thing. So let me pause here. How does this sit with you as a next step?
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Just a, just a clarifying question with the customer basis. Are we talking about 20 existing accounts or 20 existing providers?
Nathan Peereboom: 20 existing accounts.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Okay, gotcha.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. Yeah. So you guys have 76 accounts, right?
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Yes, we do. But, like, for example, the customer bases, like, they've got 38 therapists, you know, so.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, we don't have to do a big customer.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Okay.
Bill Eberhart: In the past, like, 20. Not. Not in the past 20. In the past 10 or 15 years or so, we've had access to and we've communicated with and had relationships with, like, over 300 people. And I'm sure that they're also going to be included in our. Hey, you want to try out shot site? You know.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Yeah, because we maintain good relationships with people that have exited too.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah.
Bill Eberhart: So.
Nathan Peereboom: So are you going?
Bill Eberhart: Well, is it any 20 or.
Nathan Peereboom: Because I think we'd have to. The 20 should be a representative sample. So basically, we would want to do this with, like, some of your small customers. We'd want to have, like. We would just want it to be distributed to give us the best sense of like, you know, this is the representation of the whole portfolio, and we've got, like, you know, two customers that represent each little cohort inside of it.
Nathan Peereboom: And, you know, Bill and Brittany, like, one of the reasons that we are excited about the acquisition in general is that we know y' all are, like, relationship people. Like, we felt that, like, we. We've enjoyed getting to know you. We. We can tell that you guys have a certain, like, charisma about you when you go to customers. And, like, you've obviously built a business that requires, like, understanding, like, how your customers think and building rich, rich, deep relationships with them. And one of our thoughts is, like, well, how great would it be if we could free you guys up to go and, like, you know, re. Nurture a lot of those relationships that you've had, bring them into the fold, and then, you know, as we do, like, all of our automation and, like, the tightening of everything on the. On the kind of billing side, you know, part of that consulting agreement is going to be structured around you, like, rewarming a bunch of those relationships. So we see. We see that value as well.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Okay, great. And so let's say hypothetically, like, we go and we pitch this to folks who have even exited, and with this, they say, oh, my gosh, we want to actually get back on board with you guys. Like, as far as a billing business, would that change the valuation at all?
Nathan Peereboom: Yes. So the valuation is. Will change based on just, like, the numbers when we do the full financial diligence.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Gotcha.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay. So, I mean, it can go up and down based on what happens to the customer base.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Okay, sounds good.
Nathan Peereboom: I do think, though, that that the 20 existing accounts. Should probably be like existing customers. Because again, the thing that we're testing is, like, our assumptions are based on this group of 76 customers.
Nathan Peereboom: So for going after these 76 customers, we do kind of want to know, within the cadence of how you communicate with them and how you work with them and whatever that kind of set of rituals entails, what does it mean to feather in a software offering? And the other thing I would say is we are super happy to be involved in these conversations. So you could, like, set them up and we could do, you know, the introduction. And it's very, like, low pressure because again, we just want to know how many people want the software. So if, you know, if we do this and four out of the 20 are excited about job site, that's fine. We can still work with that. It'll change the valuation. But, you know, there's. There's a. We want to know if people don't want jobs. Like, so we're not going to do a pressure sell. You know, like, our goal here is like, hey, we want to just show job psych. Say, hey, if you want to use it, amazing. If not, no worries. Um, and so this is not something that would, you know, where you would find us, you know, really kind of pounding the pavement because we want to be conservative about the outcome.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Right?
Bill Eberhart: Yeah, Yeah, I really like it. I like, I think that this is a good, good. What's the next. Next step? I. Of course, we don't have to talk about this, but.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, so you guys can talk about it. So I think that we, you know, obviously this week we're reviewing the ioi. That's what we're doing right now. We want to get you just like the formal letter because this is just a PowerPoint deck, but we probably would want to begin this customer pilot program, like, as soon as possible. And, you know, then, you know, once we begin that pilot program, you know, it takes probably two to three weeks just to observe usage and understand how people, you know, are feeling about it. And then concurrently or at the end, we would like to do our financial and legal diligence. And then you'll get your letter of intent, which is the binding terms, and then hopefully we close like a week after or so. So it's. It. It's probably going to take like a full, like one to two months in order for us to get through this, just because we do have to de risk with, like, seeing how adoption works, you know, with these 20 customers. So before we get to this letter of intent, this thing at the very bottom of week seven, you know, we will, you know, obviously finish this adoption test and then, you know, get verified financials, formalize the, you know, and then, Brittany, I think we need to work out a consulting agreement with you so that you know exactly like what the dollar amount is, what your involvement will be, et cetera, et cetera. We also have non compete here. This is pretty standard. I take it that you guys are not going to jump in and try and like, you know, spin up a whole nother company. It's like Tidemark 2.0.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): No, definitely not.
Bill Eberhart: I would never, I would never ever start another billing company in my entire life.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Yeah, never ever.
Bill Eberhart: It's, it's like, oh, it's currently it's all we know how to do. We're kind of autopilot just doing it. But golly, we would if we knew it's going to be this stressful when we first started.
Nathan Peereboom: There's no way we would have.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Yeah, this is about us just getting back like quality of life.
Bill Eberhart: I rather have made a dollar on selling a million puppies.
Nathan Peereboom: All right, well that's, that's good. I mean we, we. No, that's fantastic to be here. The. So the non compete won't be, won't be a problem at all. And then we do just need to like read through the debt stuff, you know, which is super obvious. Like obvious. You know, we of course need to do that. So. So that is the plan. We've already talked about life after close. Nothing has changed here. And again, just to like be really clear about why we think this is going to work for everyone. So for you guys, obviously there's a quality of life benefit. You guys are going to get cash in hand, debt eliminated at close. You know, continued income through the consulting. You know, your customers are going to be taken care of. I read on this slide you finally get to take a vacation. Brittany, I was looking through the transcript from our recent calls. Is it right that you haven't taken a vacation in like 25 years?
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Oh, not 25 years. It would have been like 2020. I think, Bill, is when we went to Hawaii last time.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay. Yeah, well, I'll have to update that in my model on this side.
Bill Eberhart: Well, well, it was, it was partly for real.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Like it was part of.
Bill Eberhart: It was a work thing.
Nathan Peereboom: Oh, a work thing in Hawaii, Bill.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): I do that too.
Bill Eberhart: Yeah, I honestly, if you're going to be spending eight hours during the day and at work, it's, it's to me, I don't care where you are in the world. It's like you don't get to really just enjoy anyways. But the. I was going to ask about the customer base. So for example, let's say every month we get $50,000 in income from our Tide Mark V. Just Tide Mark VA invoices we sent out to our billing customers and so on. And the top 80% of our income comes from, like 10 people.
Bill Eberhart: If we get you those top 10 and they all convert to job site, would that weigh more on the evaluation or would that weigh more for you guys as it's part of the feel?
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, I mean, a hundred percent. So, Bill, the way that it's going to work for us is we're going to take the customers you introduce us to in this pilot program, we're going to multiply that or weight them by the percentage of revenue of your business, and then add what's called, like, an uncertainty discount factor. So a factor that basically just says, Hey, for all of these, you know, based on the revenue implied and these customers and what they did, this is the band of certainty we have around customer conversion. So the more revenue is entombed in those customers, the lower the uncertainty factor, because it's just literally a larger percentage of your business. And so, I mean, you guys, I think, can decide strategically to do with that information what you'd like to. I mean, obviously, our view is, like, we just want to have as much information as possible. It's such a risky thing to acquire a business. And so in our perspective, like, we want. You know, we. We just, like, want to know as much as possible before doing the acquisition and then price it accordingly. But anytime you decrease risk for us, the consideration of the business goes up, because risk is in that price. So the more uncertainty we feel, the lower the consideration will be.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Gotcha. Would there be the opportunity for us to sit through, like, a demo that you do for somebody for. For jot. Psych. So that we can see it? Because we're already familiar with your product. But I want to see a sales pitch that you guys have that's, like, kind of cold so that I have a better idea of what that looks like.
Nathan Peereboom: Totally.
Bill Eberhart: Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: I think that that's actually.
Bill Eberhart: And. Or if we can improve it in any way, we can give tips that way. It's a symbiotic.
Nathan Peereboom: Oh, yeah. That would actually be incredibly helpful. Yeah. Why don't we set that up? Could we do that Friday? Could you? At Friday the 13th?
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Yes. As long as there's not any, like, stigma attached to that date.
Bill Eberhart: I don't know. I don't know.
Bill Eberhart: I don't know. Yeah, no, no, no.
Bill Eberhart: I don't know about you guys, but my entire life, I grew up with Friday the 13th being a really good omen for our. Me and my family.
Nathan Peereboom: So, Bill, are you guys vampires?
Bill Eberhart: No. No. It's weird. Like, my dad says he got a promotion on Friday the 13th. He got raises on Friday the 13th. It was weird. Like, I guess it just. Every time. If you look at the frequency of how often Friday the 13th happens and when good things really happen to you at work or your job or whatever, it seems like it was more often than not. But, no, we're not yet vampires. But if you. If I would like to be a vampire. Because then you could live longer and have a bigger portfolio.
Nathan Peereboom: But yeah, yeah, yeah, you could. You could bill for 300 years, you know?
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, great. So here's. Let's do this. Let's schedule something on Friday for the demo. What I'm going to make sure is that we have your IOI letter fully sent to you and written by then so that you guys can see that demo, sign the letter, and then we can wire you the $10,000 and just, like, kind of get started. Started with the customer, you know, introductions. How does that sound?
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): That sounds good.
Bill Eberhart: Yes. Wonderful.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay. All right, great. The $10,000 wire. I'm just. I'm just thinking, like, we're probably gonna have to split it into like, little milestones, like just with the introductions, but, you know, just getting it signed and like, getting on that, you know, getting the initial payment to you is probably what we want to do. Probably by end of week or early next week in our mind.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): That's fine.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay.
Bill Eberhart: Of course. Yeah. Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: All right, sweet. Let's see next steps. We talked about this. Okay, great. So I'm gonna click stop sharing and then I'm gonna just pull up my calendar here. How about. Could we do 1pm Eastern on Friday?
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Yeah, that works for us.
Bill Eberhart: Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. I have a weekly thing with. Oh, did you already put it on there?
Nathan Peereboom: Zoom. Nope.
Bill Eberhart: Brittany, That's a zoom.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): No, me and it's not on my calendar. That's at one, though, Bill.
Bill Eberhart: Yeah, I know. That's one. So one central. Right? Central.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): No one eastern is what he said. So we're fine.
Bill Eberhart: Yeah, we're fine. Sorry.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay. Tide mark pitch. Okay, great. So I'm going to send this over to you.
Bill Eberhart: I got it on my calendar, actually pretty.
Bill Eberhart: Just put it as a placeholder in our calendar.
Nathan Peereboom: Amazing. Okay, great. And you know what? We'll just use this exact same. This exact same meeting. Like, copy, boom, boom. All right, all right. It is in your inbox. And we will. Yeah, we'll do a product pitch, then we'll have your I.O.I. letter to you, and then hopefully the week after we can start. Start with customer introductions. Okay.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Okay. Yeah, that sounds good. Thank you so much for your time.
Nathan Peereboom: All right. Love it. Thank you both.
Bill Eberhart: Is there anything last minute. Is there anything we need to do to help prepare the customers for an introduction or. That's not necessary or.
Nathan Peereboom: I mean, I think this is our. Our thing here is like, we don't know your customers. We don't know the relationships you have with them.
Nathan Peereboom: So really, however you want to make those introductions happen the week after, like, we're pretty flexible about that. We're following your lead and everything related to customer relationships we have.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): I think what we need to do in preparation is clear our calendar for the week after and schedule one on one meetings with them.
Bill Eberhart: Perfect. I was just thinking about our biggest billing customers, current shenanigans with the insurance company. Starts with an A. I don't even remember anthem. Yeah, it was like. Oh, was it Amera? Amera something.
Nathan Peereboom: Amer.
Bill Eberhart: Group.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Anyway, but yeah, like, they'll probably. I think Ohio Ketamine will probably like it, but I'll talk to him about it. Yeah.
Bill Eberhart: Cool. And then I also want to make. I want to make sure we know what our level of in. Of involvement as far as doing the billing for them is going to not be or slowly transition out. If I, you know, that would be something that we would want to make sure that we don't step on your toes, you know, stepping our toes. Because we definitely don't want to send out the same claims at the same time for the same people.
Nathan Peereboom: No, no, no. Yeah. So the initial. This pilot program doesn't involve us doing claims for them really. All it involves is them using jots, like as their AI scribe. Because if people are using us as the AI scribe, we can do everything. If people are resistant to using the AI scribe, it's, you know, it's. There's no way to really do billing well for them in our world. So. So it's really the scribe that we're going to be checking and then we're going to want to do interviews and see how they use the other features and, and all of that. You know, you'll see this on Friday. But one of the critical things that we've built is this program called JOT Audit, which reads the note and, you know, edits it or makes suggestions based on the payer documents and what we need from a billing perspective. So something like that is, you know, just seeing how people engage with that part of the software is going to be really important. So it's not fully binary, but. But it's not going to be the kind of thing where we're submitting bills for them.
Christopher Hume: Nate, just to jump in here, it might make sense if after our meeting on Friday, I could develop some, like a little. Just a quick little cheat sheet for Bill and Brittany. So next week when you guys are doing those intros, you'll. I mean, of course we'll handle any of the hard questions, but we can give you just an overview so you're not going in there. In there blind. So that. That's something I can pull together for you guys.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Perfect. And then how are we going to coordinate, like, if you guys want to be on the call for those intro calls, how are we going to coordinate that? Do we have like a shared calendarly link? Are we going to get our own sandbox and do a demo for you guys so that we can, you know, so that we don't have to have. You guys can hold.
Nathan Peereboom: So much we'll probably do. We'll give you a calendar link and, you know, probably Chris will be on every single call.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Okay.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Yeah, that works.
Nathan Peereboom: All right, beautiful. All right, well, hey, you guys have our number. You have our, you know, email. Reach out to me, anything. But if not, we'll. We'll talk to you guys on Friday, okay?
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Okay, sounds good. Thank you, guys.
Nathan Peereboom: All right, take care.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Bye.
Nathan Peereboom: Bye.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Bye.