Christopher Hume: Good. It is good. I took Monday off, which was super nice. Just chugging along. We had a pilot this morning. Luma kicked off their pilot on Friday, which was super exciting.
Emily Kaiser: Very exciting.
Christopher Hume: Yeah.
Emily Kaiser: How many people are they trialing?
Christopher Hume: They had one paying and they're trialing two more. Um, because they're growing into a new clinic. So hopefully we'll see if they grow their size or if we can get to kind of sell them job bill or something like that. But for the time being would just be stoked to get in there kind of institutionally.
Emily Kaiser: Yeah. That's exciting.
Christopher Hume: Yeah. Well, cool. This is going to be a pretty probably quick and low structure meeting. I think maybe moving forward I'll have like a better tempo for these. But since we're changing things basically on a week by week basis now, I just wanted to do kind of one on one check ins. I was already doing them with John because the B2B stuff. And so I just wanted to make sure. I also did them at least weekly with you and Jack just to see how things are going, get your feedback. And then kind of as we proceed and as we kind of, you and Jack are doing more cold outbound, we can specifically talk about the accounts you're running and all that. But for today it's more just like a general, like, what's going on, what's working for you, what's not working for you. Then I can tell you the plan for next week and you can tell me if you think we need changes.
Emily Kaiser: Okay, that sounds good. I feel like overall the week has been pretty standard. Kind of what I put in Slack yesterday is not a huge update. Since then, basically I've had. I've been calling the lists. I have been calling the most recent cold call list in there. Solo providers.
Christopher Hume: Yep.
Emily Kaiser: And I'm on my second or third round through. I'm approaching my third if I haven't hit it yet. So most.
Emily Kaiser: I'm getting a lot of wrong numbers or busy numbers. Practice is no longer in service or whatever. A lot of phone trees, some bigger phone trees that are like, I attempt to kind of go in and then I'm like, oh, this is a, you know, system.
Christopher Hume: Yeah, right. No shot.
Emily Kaiser: Yes. So good amount of phone trees. Some I can kind of navigate my way through and either speak to somebody in reception who typically what happens is they take down my callback number and my name. How's that? Is that okay?
Christopher Hume: No, they can definitely take your callback number and name.
Emily Kaiser: Okay.
Christopher Hume: Yeah. If. If they're like, hey, give me your number. Yeah. Yeah, that's fine.
Christopher Hume: There's no way they're gonna call call you back, right? All it takes is one.
Emily Kaiser: Right, Right, Exactly. But that's kind of typically how it happens. If I hit a phone tree, if I am speaking to reception, it's. I'm pretty. It's pretty quick to decipher whether it's like an office manager or like, if they have a hand in billing or.
Christopher Hume: Yeah.
Emily Kaiser: And then I can kind of guide the conversation that way. I do feel like I have had a little bit of luck just kind of saying what I wrote in Slack, basically being like, how does your clinic. I'm just, you know, to be straight up, I'm, how does your clinic capture revenue currently? Who oversees billing accuracy? And that kind of, kind of depletes the confusion around the conversation and allows me to just speak to who I need to speak to or leave a message, which obviously I haven't had much luck hearing back. But it kind of guides it in a better way rather than just being like, why are you calling?
Christopher Hume: And have you gotten through to any of those billing decision people?
Emily Kaiser: I've gotten, like, some people have given me their information as far as, like, this is their email. So I've done a good amount of emails, maybe like six emails to people like that, but not much further than that.
Christopher Hume: And so have we been able to connect with anyone who is. You've been able to get in contact with anyone who's like a viable person to be talking to, or have we just been getting stonewalled by the gatekeeper?
Emily Kaiser: Mostly stonewalled. But when I do get through to whether it's like an immediate provider, a provider answers immediately or I am speaking to somebody from billing, they're very quick to tell me they already have a system in place they're not interested in. And then I'll try to continue the conversation just to keep them on the phone and try to progress it and they hang up. So.
Christopher Hume: Interesting. Okay. Because. Yeah. So that tells me we have two problems here. One, it's like a data accuracy problem. And, like, that's fine. Like, I. We kind of thought these numbers were going to be bad. It was a moonshot that we could, like, hope that, like, we could just turn and burn. We'll have new numbers for you on Friday or Monday that are going to, a lot, like, be like, more specific to providers and administrators at clinics. Hopefully we'll be able to get you. It's not going to be like, every call is going to be great, but it's definitely more good ones. I'm really interested into why we. There's nothing resonating.
Emily Kaiser: I have been quick to say, like we're not trying to replace it, like we're not trying to replace your current system in place. Because I think that's what immediate people immediately, immediately think. But they don't even give me the chance to get that sentence out before they hang up. Unfortunately, I also have tried what Jack said last week, just trying to curve to even introducing jot pike to people who just don't know Jot pike in that kind of. Because that way it can lead with oh, we can do a two week trial.
Emily Kaiser: Yeah, that kind of keeps them on a little bit longer and there is a little bit of stickiness there. People almost sound like more appreciative and like willing to hear me when I say that like two week free trial. We're offering to give them something. So trying to kind of approach it in different ways. Sorry, if you hear some background.
Christopher Hume: No, no, no, that's fine. The other thing I would consider here and like I can write this up but I wonder if you, when you get connected to this decision makers like hey, like we're calling like we've seen with the rise of AI that a lot of payers, I think once you get through the gatekeeper to be like hey, I'll be honest, this is a cold call. But like I'm with job site. We've seen a lot of payers been using AI to stop, you know, to reduce and we need to clean this up. So don't exactly say this but we see a lot of payers have been using AI to reduce how they're reimbursing providers. So we've just been calling clinics to do and offer them a free analysis if that's to kind of see where they're losing revenue. That's something you think your team would be interested in. I'd love to set up a 15 minute phone call because typically we've been trying to charge for that analysis. But if you're telling me that when people hear free trial, they just like you more like I don't give a shit. Like if they give us all their data and like we don't charge them 300 bucks, like that's still a good experiment and like that's a good indicator of like, okay, they're really willing to make a commitment. So I would say whatever you're doing to get through the gatekeeper or get with a provider seems to be not the issue. I would say it's just what we're offering which is kind of a me issue. And I would say we probably want to experiment with like hey, be honest, this is a cold call which outside we're a, you know, we're a software management platform or again let me try this out.
Christopher Hume: Software management platform for behavioral health providers. We've seen payers have been using AI to reduce the amount they pay to clinicians. And so we're just offering to do a free analysis for providers to see if they're leaving something on the table. Is that something that would be of interest to you.
Emily Kaiser: Yeah.
Christopher Hume: And then try that so we see more like a friend who's, like, coming to help as opposed to someone trying to sell.
Emily Kaiser: Yeah. And replace. I think that would be a good approach, for sure. I think people would be more receptive to it. Yeah. It's just about getting the right person on the line, unfortunately. Yeah, I can make that decision. But I do think that that is a good route to go.
Christopher Hume: Like, let me write up that script today and I'll get it to you and Jack. We'll see if that just starts to resonate more. And then concurrently, we're completely redoing the prospects. So you're going to have better leads starting, as I said, either Friday or Monday.
Christopher Hume: So hopefully we can get these two things tightened up.
Emily Kaiser: I had a question for you. Oh, pricing. Do we have a little bit more of visibility around, like, pricing?
Christopher Hume: I don't know.
Emily Kaiser: I haven't been asked yet. Jake. Job bill. I know that everything was changing.
Christopher Hume: Job bill. Job bill is 4 to 8%. So it's 4 to 8% of collected revenue, depending on which. What you choose for the scribe. If people ask to say 150 bucks a month, it's easier. Like.
Emily Kaiser: Yeah, I guess I just didn't know if like those things. Are we offering jot Bill separately than jot Psych. Okay. Yeah. So it's kind of like an a la carte right now.
Christopher Hume: Yes.
Emily Kaiser: Oh, I didn't seem to get much.
Christopher Hume: It's going to get much more a la carte. Oh, my God.
Emily Kaiser: Okay.
Christopher Hume: But it gets too confusing. I made the mistake of trying too soon to reel people in by offering a la carte and since it's still in flux, it ends up being a nightmare. But just say it's 150 for job site and it's 4 to 8% for jot bill.
Emily Kaiser: Okay, got it.
Christopher Hume: And if they're like eligibility checks, those are 90 cents a pop.
Emily Kaiser: Okay.
Emily Kaiser: Okay, that sounds good. And then other than that, because I was kind of. I have a good amount of time today I was rolling through that one list. So I was going to go back to that other list that I haven't been able to get to because we moved over to Jotville. Just like paused users.
Christopher Hume: Yeah, yeah.
Emily Kaiser: So I'll probably switch.
Christopher Hume: Also, don't be scared to call. Obviously not if you connect with them. But if to call people twice in a day, if you just want to hit them twice, that's guidance I was given by a mentor that like sometimes the reason call. Like, it's sometimes helpful to call twice a day so you can tell like, are these numbers bad or is the timing of the calls bad?
Emily Kaiser: Yeah, that's a good point.
Christopher Hume: Yeah. So you could also do that.
Emily Kaiser: Yeah, no, exactly. I have a feeling that I'll reach two times today and then be able to also get the pause users. So.
Christopher Hume: Okay. That's all I have for now. I think just kind of for your awareness, we have a whole new, like branch leads that will start chasing next week.
Emily Kaiser: Okay.
Christopher Hume: And so what we're doing is we're kind of looking at clinics. The names are here. We're trying to get multiple. Multiple people in a clinic. We're trying to get multiple job titles. So I know my screen is probably really small, but the idea would be that I would assign you or Jack or John. Freedom Behavioral Health. You'd have three or four people there, and then simultaneously, you'd reach out to a nurse. Practitioner, the co founder and the clinical director, and see if you could get any of them on the line. So we'll try to be a little bit more sophisticated after the next. You get through this list.
Emily Kaiser: Okay, that sounds good. I think that's a good approach.
Christopher Hume: Yeah, it should be fun. Awesome. Anything that I can help you with, Emily, before Friday?
Emily Kaiser: No, I don't think so. Have you thought about any dates or anything about.
Emily Kaiser: Well, if not, it's okay.
Christopher Hume: No, no, no, no, not yet. To just add to our general craziness, we'll be closing down our office in two months, roughly, and we'll be transitioning to an office in Brooklyn.
Emily Kaiser: Okay.
Christopher Hume: So I seem to figure out how we can. Yeah. Work around our kind of in. In person work while we're also closing our shop here. Yeah.
Emily Kaiser: All right. Wow, that. So is everybody just transferring over to Brooklyn? Like everybody's moving?
Christopher Hume: We already have a small office in Brooklyn with three of our team members. Then Nate and Jax will be moving up to Brooklyn and a few months, and then I'll follow kind of a little bit after that, but actually most of the people are up in New York anyway.
Emily Kaiser: Oh, okay. That works out then.
Christopher Hume: Yeah. Should be fun.
Emily Kaiser: Okay, cool.
Emily Kaiser: So I mean, whatever works.
Christopher Hume: Okay, perfect.
Emily Kaiser: Okay, well, thank you.
Christopher Hume: Thanks, Emily. I'll talk to you later.
Emily Kaiser: Bye.