Becca Bressler: Genuinely not been in a part in a single conversation.
Lee Harrold: Hello.
Olha Tishchenko: Hola. How are you?
Christopher Hume: Good, good.
Becca Bressler: How are you?
Christopher Hume: Great. Well, Ola, to kick us off, just wanted to check in on if you had been able to review the video I sent or if you were having how jot psych was going for you.
Olha Tishchenko: Let me check. To be honest, I don't remember if I received it and maybe I just didn't notice. Oh, no worries. Let me check.
Christopher Hume: It was to Freeway. I believe so. Let me see. I sent it on Monday. It was just a link to a video
Becca Bressler: that showed how to use our template features.
Christopher Hume: Monday.
Christopher Hume: Okay, Yeah, I. I got that.
Olha Tishchenko: Okay, perfect.
Christopher Hume: I just wanted to make sure you had that and that if you have any questions
Olha Tishchenko: about how to use the template feature, we're here to help. Thank you. I will check it again because to be honest, we just customize this Hector template for tms.
Christopher Hume: Okay, well, perfect then. I guess just to kind of kick off the main part of this meeting, we just wanted to show you kind of where we stand with the Chrome integration. Make sure we're on the same page here, and then we'll make sure to get it over to you on Friday. So, Lee, if you could just kind of share your screen through a quick demo, that would be awesome.
Lee Harrold: Yep. First versus I'll turn on my camera. There we go.
Olha Tishchenko: All right.
Olha Tishchenko: Can you see what I'm looking at?
Lee Harrold: Mm. Awesome. So I'm going to schedule a new appointment for patient lead test. Take a look at this clinical note using just these four defaults. There's a lot of content in here. Move this over. So this extension on the right, take a step out, allows you to see all of the notes that you recorded. If we've titled them. For example, this one's called the regenerated note. It'll pop up here.
Olha Tishchenko: The name of the patient on the bottom right when it happened.
Lee Harrold: We can search for some too. We have a lot with this particular template. So let's say I want to pop it into initial psychiatry. I have a couple of options for doing that. I can hunt for the individual sections, copy and paste stuff in.
Olha Tishchenko: Quick question. Can it be like if I will create another template for psychiatrist, can it be like only with button to move everything, like to map that field and just for pressing one button, like without any copy and paste, because I'm not.
Lee Harrold: Oh, absolutely. Yeah.
Olha Tishchenko: If I press this launch button, it'll do that. And quick question, do I need to. Aha. He was searching to it search for name for this section.
Lee Harrold: If I'm not wrong. Yep. Yeah. So it. It took.
Olha Tishchenko: As you can tell, we don't have a current suicidal section in. So it will.
Lee Harrold: Oh, gosh. So it found a section that it thought was relevant and then popped it in. And if you wanted to see which ones it thought was relevant, an overview. It's kind of a mapping breakdown.
Olha Tishchenko: Can I bring one more person to see that? Absolutely. But let me call him if he's available right now.
Lee Harrold: I love that guide that you did that. Yeah, I think it. I think it would save a lot of time and what's up?
Christopher Hume: Just. I think the. The other thing just to correct me if I'm wrong here, but to emphasize that if we orvola customize the job site template to line up with the ehr, it would have a much easier time doing this.
Lee Harrold: Is that correct? You know, it depends. Easy means it would probably more accurately get it in the box you want it to go to. Yep. So if I wanted to see where sleep was in here, I could click this button and it would take me.
Olha Tishchenko: He's gonna connect right now just to look at it. Oh my God, I love that. So I just wanna like him to see that that just can search that field and maybe I can customize and create like a little bit
Lee Harrold: like not like this detailed template. Yeah. Yeah. If you wanted to create. To use the Chrono template builder as exactly like you're saying and just make one that is, you know, there's a summary box and there's a chief complaint box with just free text.
Olha Tishchenko: Then yeah, your provider wouldn't have to click drop downs anymore. So can I customize the template or how can I do that? I can do that via your web portal, like website.
Lee Harrold: Yeah, Take a look.
Olha Tishchenko: Let me.
Lee Harrold: That's.
Olha Tishchenko: Where was I?
Lee Harrold: You can create new templates. This little note template section. So these are all, you know, kind of test ones. If I wanted to create a new one, I could hit start from scratch and add sections manually. I could smack this edit with AI builder and then say I want a template.
Olha Tishchenko: 5 sections, describe everything. Quick question. Is here only one way to teach template
Lee Harrold: how I want it to look like? I think the easiest way to do it is with this AI template builder. The other way you could do it is manually by building one with this sort of start from scratch editor. You also have a library of ones like I think there's a SOAP template. And then you can customize this.
Olha Tishchenko: I need. Delete what I don't.
Lee Harrold: What I don't need. Delete what I need. Just. Yeah, absolutely. Yeah. Because this is. This is like, you know, quote unquote standard SOAP note. But obviously there's a lot of things that aren't, you know, just the S and P.
Olha Tishchenko: So yeah, if I need to. To have like in all notes, like mandatory text that I have some paragraphs. How should I teach that or insert that instructions.
Lee Harrold: Got it. I think the easiest way is. So this is kind of a good example. Oh, wait.
Olha Tishchenko: Okay, this has.
Lee Harrold: Here we go. This has actual sections. I would use this AI template editor to. So this is generating a preview of all these sections. It's going to show you two things. The name and then an example of the text that would be generated. So then you could say use bullets for the summary and then that would. That would edit the prompt for this. And then the next time that I used the psychiatric progress note in the context of a recording session, I could select that, run a recording, and then that summary section would contain bullets instead of like the free form text.
Olha Tishchenko: And will it apply for all organization who will use the template?
Lee Harrold: Ah, that's a good question. So we have a couple different types of templates.
Lee Harrold: Like we have these organization templates, we have these user templates. So if you wanted to make a template that would apply for all users in the. Org who use it, you could designate it as an organization template.
Lee Harrold: You could control who gets to use and make and interact with organization templates by assigning roles to users. So let's say Shark 2 was someone whom you wanted to change templates.
Freeway Psychiatry: Please help me out.
Freeway Psychiatry: Which is it?
Christopher Hume: Yeah, can we get.
Freeway Psychiatry: Sorry. Hi guys. Yeah, can we get a copy? Hey, can we get a copy of this video too? Yeah, so.
Christopher Hume: Yeah, Yep. Igor, I actually developed a little, a quick little video for OLA last week. So I'll make sure to send that to you. And it walks through most of the things that Lee reviewed today.
Christopher Hume: And we'll make sure it.
Freeway Psychiatry: Yeah, we'll make sure you have that. Yeah, okay. And also, yeah, what OLA means is like, you know, something like, you know, so we make up. We. So our psychiatrists, they have 30 minute slots that they, that, that we schedule people with for, let's say, follow ups and. Well, right. And a lot of times, no matter how many times we tell them, they never put it into the note or it never generates it or creates it because it wasn't spoken about. So and the insurance companies, they're like, well, how long did the provider spend with the patient? And we're like, we show them the schedule.
Christopher Hume: We do everything.
Freeway Psychiatry: It has to be written in the note. And it's like beating a dead horse to keep telling the providers because they just, they, it just never happens. So what we want to do is we want to have like for the psychiatrist or the psychiatric nurse practitioner, we want that to be automatically put into their note.
Christopher Hume: Yes. We can set that up for a template. You can just train it and then. Share that with the entire organization. And then every time they use their 30 minute session template, we could have a section start
Freeway Psychiatry: and include that information in it. Right? Because, well, automatically they, they always, none of them get less than 30 minutes. So it should, it should just be automatic for those providers. And the other thing I wanted to do also was sometimes the. Okay. The other problem is that happens once in a while and they forget the providers and it's not their fault. Is so like we have therapists or we have psychiatrists. So when they, so they're in the middle of a session and even though we schedule the patient for 45 minutes for a psychotherapy visit, what ends up happening sometimes is that visit goes a little bit longer. And you know, we can't like knock on the door or tell the provider, hey, the next patient is waiting. You know, they're in the middle of a session and you know, and if they need an hour and a half, that's fine. We give them as much time as they need because, you know, the most important thing is to accommodate the patient and to make sure so obviously something is going on in that session that they need more time. The problem is they forget, you know, to put in their note that yes, they took more time. Even though we bill for more. The insurance company says, well, you didn't specify it and on your schedule it says, so what we want to do is we want to give that provider like a multiple choice. You know, so they could say, I spent, you know, 35 minutes with the patient, press that button. I spent 45 minutes with the patient, press that Button. I spent 60 minutes with the patient, press that button.
Christopher Hume: Does that make sense?
Freeway Psychiatry: Yeah.
Freeway Psychiatry: Yeah, that's good. Yeah. I don't know if that can work, but I just don't know. I mean, I'm open to suggestions. If you could give me, you know, other ideas how to get this done.
Olha Tishchenko: I'm all for it. For new appointments, the time was spent from 40 to 60 minutes. And for follow up for. From 20 to 40, like I did that, like generic. This is for therapists or psychiatrists.
Freeway Psychiatry: It's for psychiatrist. Yeah, no, I'm talking about therapists. Psychiatrist. Yeah, psychiatrist. And a follow up can see 20 to 40. But therapists, the follow up is 45 minutes, but sometimes they take an hour. And I want to make sure that when they do that, they mark it in their notes. What you have to remember is I know that we only have two accounts and we want to transition to you guys, but we see 200 patients a day at Freeway Psychiatry. So nobody's going to be going through every single note and every single day, you know, the man hours are just going to be crazy. So we want to leave it to the provider to market off themselves, you know, based on what they did.
Lee Harrold: Yeah, all of your providers using. So right now your workflow, your providers see a patient and then they use Kimmure and then, and then they migrate stuff from Kimmure into Dr. Chrono. Like Dr.
Olha Tishchenko: Chrono allows you to build things like check marks and multiple choice. Yeah, I can build.
Lee Harrold: So that sounds like.
Freeway Psychiatry: Yeah, no, but it's already in there. Like.
Becca Bressler: No, I know, but we're not using Dr.
Freeway Psychiatry: Chrono. Okay, let me give you a little history of what's going on. So Freeway Psychiatry is the parent company.
Freeway Psychiatry: It has 20 providers and. Well, not 20 providers.
Olha Tishchenko: It has.
Freeway Psychiatry: Well, yeah, but just enough. Yeah, right, but what I'm trying to say is they use, they don't use Dr. Chrono, they use Practice Fusion, which is terrible. And now what happened was we have a sister company, a new company with a new, with a new physical address, and it's a different mpi, different everything. And now we're experimenting different softwares, different AI scribes, and we want to choose one that's come, that we're comfortable with and then gradually transition to Dr. Chrono and change everything on Freeway. So right now there's only one provider that's using it in, in Dr. Chrono at the new location. And, and what technician is using your software in Freeway?
Freeway Psychiatry: Who is a TMS technician? So once we figure out what's the best solution for us, and we could test run different things here because we're only seeing, we're only working one or two days a week at the new location and there's only one provider.
Christopher Hume: So does that make sense? Yeah, that does. Yeah. And just to jump in here, Igor, so what we can do is since you're set up with JWT audit, I think we can set a rule. And Becca, please. Becca is our product manager, so she's in charge of all things product. What we could do is we can set it up so there's a rule where it'll flag notes where the provider doesn't. Include the time. And then. Becca, are we working on kind of fixing the timing mechanism within jot Psych so it'll just include that proposed time?
Becca Bressler: Is that something in the, in the pipeline? Yeah.
Freeway Psychiatry: So can I just.
Becca Bressler: I just want to clarify one thing to make sure I understand the process. It's not just a matter of capturing how long the session is, but what you're wanting for your providers is that they can go back to the note and just update it with the additional time they're spending outside of that session with doing collateral or you're just talking about the in session time. Well, you know, when you, when you're talking about the buttons that you, you know, ideally you're envisioning being pressed about like how much time was spent. Is that just in the session, not including conversations outside work
Freeway Psychiatry: that the provider is doing outside of the session, just to just compliance first? Yeah, but from a compliance perspective, are we allowed to include that time after the patient
Becca Bressler: in like notes and all that or whatever? I've heard different things from different people, so I just wanted to. Or different, different clinics. I've heard talk about like collateral calls, et cetera. So I just want to clarify that that's not what you're talking about.
Freeway Psychiatry: Sounds like you're talking about just like in session. Yeah, it sounds to me like if they're doing that, they're just trying to get around, you know. Yeah, yeah.
Becca Bressler: No, we don't. So I just, that's kind of why I was asking. That's not something that we do currently. On the note you can click like start time, end time and edit it. So that's editable. If the recording that's being captured isn't exactly like to your liking, the recorder, that said, should be capturing the actual length of the session if the clinician is recording the whole session. So sometimes we have clinicians that dictate. Right. And maybe it's five minutes because they're just dictating it into a note. It's not going to come up as the full session time, of course, because it's a, it's a five minute recording. But if your clinician is recording the entire section, the job site should
Freeway Psychiatry: be capturing that time for you. And if that's. Yeah, thank you, Becca. That's very valuable, very good information. So here's the thing I'm going to tell you. You know, we have provide, we have MDs, we have NPS, psych NPS, we have social workers. You know, it took us like a year and there's still some of the. Some of the Providers were still trying to convince to use the AI. Okay, so this is the uphill battle that we've been fighting for the longest time. So, you know, a lot of them, you know, they're like. Yeah, a lot of them, sometimes they use it, sometimes they. They don't, you know, it's all like, you know, some of them, like, we have doctors now that Anola will tell, like, you know, from December, you know, they didn't, you know, close their note. We have other doctors that, you know, one doctor said, you know, I don't want anything recorded. I don't know where it's going. And we're still trying to convince him to do it. The bottom line is, my concern is that, look, we could only do so much. The insurance company is the problem. If we show them a timer from your software that does absolutely nothing for these carriers because they're looking for any reason to get back money from us. So what they're doing is they're saying, well, it's not in the note, it's on a timer. That doesn't matter. We don't use any third party things. They want provider himself to put it into the note. And we're okay with providers, you know, putting in the note, you know, I spend this in this amount of time or giving them an option like, okay, I spent 45, like, like let them check mark something that they did themselves, you know, and if they don't put a check mark, it won't let them proceed or close the note.
Olha Tishchenko: Yeah, I can do that, I can do that.
Freeway Psychiatry: I don't know, like required. Right. My concern is I don't know if a check mark would satisfy some of these carriers, you know, because they could say, oh, you know, so I don't know what the social is to that. And some of these, it's, it's just two sentences, basically saying, I conducted CBT therapy with the patient for 30 minutes, you know, because if the visit is 45, the therapy portion has to be 30, you know, and if you're not like detailed like that. We had cases where we had to give back money. It was insane. Like, we had like some of these therapists get on the phone with the medical directors, you know, and they still like, they're like, the therapist is like, listen, I look at my schedule, they're 45 minutes apart, the patients, you know, it's impossible for me to spend less time. And they don't care about anything. You didn't write it down specifically what treatment you did. If it's CBT or this, how long did you do that treatment for? And everything else.
Lee Harrold: Does that make sense? Yeah, that makes sense. And that's, that's kind of how our timers, our timer system works too, like knowing the duration of the time. Those it'll add a couple sentences to the note that describes.
Olha Tishchenko: Maybe Lee can show again the extension and how it search the field. I can build another template for that that we will need like and that we can describe train software like how we need.
Freeway Psychiatry: Yeah. Oh, I'm sorry, I'm just going to take a step back before I get off. So another thing, it took us a year to convince everybody the biggest problem we have is every single provider and you're probably aware of this when you build templates for them, every single provider is different in their own way. You know, so we could tell. Some providers will say, you know what, just put it permanently into my note for all my follow ups. You know that it's going to say that this way I'll never forget to do it. Other providers will be like, you know what, give me the option to pick whichever one I want. Because we have providers a lot of times that go over that 45 minutes into 60 and they forget that the code is different and that it has to say something else. So you know, every provider is different. There's certain providers, it depends on their pay structure. Certain providers, when it comes to 45 minutes, they're out of the room. They're very like, you know, technical about that. And other providers, you give them an hour and a half, they'll talk to the patient for an hour and a half. And I don't mind that. The problem is we want to make sure that it's coded properly for the work that they're doing.
Lee Harrold: You can define different templates for each person and then they can change sections of the template to align with the kind of work that it is that they're doing so that it kind of
Becca Bressler: matches every, every person to the letter.
Christopher Hume: Chris, do you want to jump in here? I see you're. No, I. Thanks, Becca. And so I know we're coming up on time so you are heard loud and clear on the time. I think what we can do is that we can show how to kind of one train these to include, include time. Ola, you should be able to do that with the kind of instructions I'm going to follow up with in that video. It'll show you can say make sure to include length of session and then we can. I'll even, I'll create another video that shows how to add that rule to JWT audit. And so that should kind of make sure that people who aren't including time and get flagged and then we can kind of tweak that together and kind of go back and forth if you need any adjustments to the templates. But we certainly can make sure that you're getting that information captured, because we do not want any clawbacks or audit risk or anything like that. So we can certainly do that. Lee, just before kind of we kind of wrap. I know. There might be some stops at 3:30. Do you want just one more time so Igor can kind of see what we've been working on.
Freeway Psychiatry: Just an example of the pullover and you can just do the whole thing.
Christopher Hume: Thank you for everything.
Lee Harrold: Oh my gosh, it's our pleasure. So on the left you've got Dr. Chrono. On the right you've got this chop psych node extension. So you can see here we'll list all of the notes that a provider has taken. On the right, the patient name on the left like when it happened and then the template name if there is one. And if not, just some summary so you can identify the note.
Lee Harrold: Let's click into this one for the session. So on the right again, this is the job site note. This is the same that you'll see if you head to the note page. A couple ways you can interact with it. You can copy independent sections and paste them into these boxes. You can select a bunch if you want just to paste into a single free text section. Or you can smack this like auto fill button and it will populate the note on the left with all these sections on the right. And it's pretty quick. Once you train a jot psych template to a Dr. Chrono template or a practice fusion template or whichever EHR you're trying to use, it happens immediately if you don't.
Lee Harrold: The training process takes about 30 seconds. But this one was pre trained so it did a great job of populating the content from this one.
Christopher Hume: And Igor, just to jump in here, this is being done kind of without a custom job site template. So if you guys customize either your Dr. Chrono template or your job site templates, it'll be a one to one copy paste over.
Olha Tishchenko: Yeah, that'll be perfect. I will work on it to create like is that one that we need?
Freeway Psychiatry: Perfect. One more thing I want to go over. So we just had a bad case where what happened was one of the nurse psych nurse practitioners was with a patient and the patient called the nursing board and said that he said something that wasn't what the word should use. Anyway, so Ola called commuter because you know, everything gets erased. Ola cold come here to try to get that conversation back. And I think what are they doing Ola?
Olha Tishchenko: Are they giving it back to us? Yes, we restored and they today just should share with us like it's hip hop. But they have. They should share it with you, me and Angela in Google Drive. Like, I ask them to restore that audio because patient lied about provider, and we need to have proof about that conversation.
Freeway Psychiatry: Yeah, so. So if that happens here, are we able to retrieve that?
Lee Harrold: Yeah, yeah, we store the. So you won't be able to retrieve the audio, but we do store the transcription of the audio, and that's available.
Olha Tishchenko: Okay, that sounds great. Even if provider can delete that,
Lee Harrold: will you be able to restore it?
Olha Tishchenko: No. If the provider deletes it, you won't get it. Yeah, provider deleted that and they restored that audio. They restored the audio or they just gave us the. Yes, they restored. He deleted. He deleted note and audio that day. And they restored from their database.
Christopher Hume: We would not be able to. Once something's deleted, we can no longer restore it. So I think that would have to be a kind of business rule on your side. As long as your team doesn't delete their notes, you'll have access to the transcript and the note.
Freeway Psychiatry: But once they're deleted, we wouldn't be able to recover that. So is your recommendation to keep it for 30 days and then delete it?
Christopher Hume: Can we archive that in your software? You can leave it in jetsyc. There's certainly no reason to delete it in jetsych, aside from your comfort level. So if you'd prefer, there's no cap on how many you can have. It's just additional context that actually makes your notes richer so it has more context about the patient.
Freeway Psychiatry: Okay, I got to jump off. But, guys, thank you very much. No, thank you. Igor and I thank you a lot of the.
Freeway Psychiatry: I took a lot of the time out of this, but I just wanted to cover a few points. All right. Thank you. Show Ola what she needs. I'm sorry. Have a good day.
Christopher Hume: Thank you guys again.
Olha Tishchenko: Bye.
Christopher Hume: So we'll send you the video again on the edits. We'll make a new one for you in the next day or two on how you can create some new rules. And then we'll get you over this extension
Olha Tishchenko: on Friday so you can start trying it yourself. Thank you. It's perfect. I will talk with Jaeger, probably because he missed the first part. Yeah. So I will talk with him. That I want to do. I will just create buttons there like. Like some switch switcher so they can. Yeah, just use like that. So I love that software. I love your job, guys. Thank you so much. And I'm waiting.
Christopher Hume: To start working with it. Awesome.
Becca Bressler: Thank you, Ola. We appreciate it.
Olha Tishchenko: Take care. Thank you. Take care. Bye. Bye.