Gioia Garden: Good. Yeah.
Christopher Hume: I think I sent your contract over to your personal email. Most important things first. Did you receive that?
Gioia Garden: Yes, I see it now.
Gioia Garden: Perfect flagging that.
Christopher Hume: Now. You're welcome.
Gioia Garden: Sweet, okay? Sweet. All right, cool.
Christopher Hume: Okay, let's go through this table together. Do I flag some of the issues? To the team last night.
Christopher Hume: Not sure if you were tracking with the chat bot. There's definitely some fixes that need to happen with our chatbot.
Gioia Garden: Yeah, I saw you ask, is there really a bug?
Christopher Hume: And they were like, no.
Gioia Garden: Yeah.
Christopher Hume: Archive. Archive. Good stuff. Play prototype with the rep.
Gioia Garden: Are you the rep or someone else?
Christopher Hume: Not me, thankfully. Let's just say start with apologies. For the ration here. Feel free to. My calendar. Link in bank is in my.
Gioia Garden: Swee. T.
Christopher Hume: Kelly. No, sorry. I can't wait. For frustration. Let's schedule a video call so you can make sure you're fully open. Which I'd say keeps me. Guys, that's how it works. Be asked for. I'm just going to add to the end here. Email.
Christopher Hume: The other question for you, Joy, is did you receive the link for Calendly.
Gioia Garden: Yeah, and I set up my availability. Yeah. Honestly, I don't have access to my job psych stuff anymore, though.
Christopher Hume: Okay, I'll turn that back on.
Gioia Garden: Okay. Yeah. So I hit a little bit of a roadblock.
Christopher Hume: All good.
Gioia Garden: But, yeah, Calendly is up and going. Or it's set up.
Christopher Hume: It's interesting in this one. Doesn't have.
Gioia Garden: A right. I think that happened in one other one as well.
Christopher Hume: Weird. And now we're getting the duplicative messages, too.
Gioia Garden: I didn't touch this one because it looks like Adam.
Christopher Hume: Is on. Yeah. So Adam actually forwarded this to us, Okay. And so that's like the reverse Uno cards. Of like, hey, can you guys look at this? Just for now. Anytime you see, like jotter extra jot, Bill, we're going to have to elevate that. You and I can't fix that stuff. Maybe someday. Oh, finally. 1 that's right. I'm on a con losing side to go to that session here. So find it. Diabacle that it was trying to set up a meeting for this. Perfect. Did you write this, or was there no AI for this?
Gioia Garden: I wrote that.
Christopher Hume: There's no AI. Weird.
Gioia Garden: And she provides the patient names, but.
Christopher Hume: No, not helpful.
Gioia Garden: Unless we're. Oh, yeah.
Christopher Hume: Diabolical that it keeps down when there's a bug, so. I had a good sign. Like all the transcripts have been turned into notes. This is actually for yesterday. Though. 3 16. 2pm.
Gioia Garden: And she's in Denver.
Christopher Hume: Oh, is she?
Gioia Garden: Yeah.
Christopher Hume: That would mean three and five.
Gioia Garden: Yeah. Wait. She said one and two. Yeah, three.
Christopher Hume: And 3 and 4.
Gioia Garden: Sorry.
Christopher Hume: Let's check. The notes are missing. Would be my guess here.
Gioia Garden: Okay? So this would be more of, like. Apologize. Those notes.
Christopher Hume: Yeah. It doesn't appear like any audio was captured.
Gioia Garden: Yeah. And then sort of like, maybe, would you ask, sort of like, was there anything different about these two?
Christopher Hume: Exactly.
Gioia Garden: Okay?
Christopher Hume: So we'll make these changes. I just want to make sure. Are there any others you kind of reviewed yet? I just want to make sure. We kind of.
Gioia Garden: There was one about being able to enter a promo code. Did you see that?
Christopher Hume: Oh, yeah.
Gioia Garden: I don't know. I didn't know what to do with that. Yeah.
Christopher Hume: This is like people can enter promo codes when they create their account. Ing your question. Promo codes. We hoping to share referral? Referral link is in the. Right hand corner. Of your home screen. And your colleague. S can input it. Please let me know. If this.
Gioia Garden: Okay? Okay, got it. And then that woman who was asking about, she still can't verify her email. Is that something that we can do on the back end?
Christopher Hume: No, unfortunately.
Gioia Garden: Okay?
Christopher Hume: O. Kay, so. Julia, were you able to. I know kind of this. Zoom is zooming meeting. Were you able to go through all the front or have you not made it through yet?
Gioia Garden: Of, like, what's in. What's active in there.
Christopher Hume: Yeah. Have you been able to look at unassigned and assigned?
Gioia Garden: Oh, I have not looked at assigned at all.
Christopher Hume: Could you look at assigned and just like, if required, just tweak the drafts and leave your comments or just be like, hey, no action required in the comments. And then I'll take a look and I can provide feedback asynchronously. And then I think we could use. Sorry about customer call in five minutes. We can use the last five minutes beginning you up and running on. Alimony. I'll just make sure I get you added to everything works and you get added to the appropriate calendly links, and then you're going to be. Visual.
Gioia Garden: Sweet.
Christopher Hume: Sweet. And so my one request for you. By run request was just keep your calendar up to date. So nothing will get scheduled when you're busy. Let me make sure. Patience. Location? Ability. We're going to do 30 days in advance. No need more than that. And then you're in mountain time, so let's see what your hours are.
Christopher Hume: This is what it currently has your hours as. I don't know how it knows that does that. Seem weird. No, I'm just not sharing my screen.
Gioia Garden: Yeah. I mean, no, I put those in just as, like, ad hoc, sort of awesome. Playground. That can very much change. By the day.
Christopher Hume: As long as you keep your calendar blocked off on Google, nothing will get booked. So, like, this is the baseline. Even if your calendar is free now, it's not going to book you after 4pm Mountain time on Wednesday. But if you need to save other times of your calendar. You just block the balls.
Gioia Garden: Sweet. Okay, I'll expand those then.
Christopher Hume: Okay, and then let me see what your calendar looks like this week, Joya.
Gioia Garden: Let me double check that's up to date.
Christopher Hume: Yeah, I will clean out. The calendar? The front inbox this evening. And then we do the same thing tomorrow morning.
Christopher Hume: Just like you do a run through and then we check in at 10:30. Yeah.
Gioia Garden: That was great. And then do you want. So for now on, do you want me to keep an eye on both unassigned and assigned?
Christopher Hume: Yeah, yeah, yeah. From now on. Chris. Cool. And again like today, tomorrow. We're still kind of in the ramp up phase. Don't feel like you need to go crazy. You're just like, take a good crack at him, let me know, like. Yeah. Make edits to the drafts. Let me know if you have questions in the comments. Let me know your thoughts in the comments. And, like, the goal is to have you pretty much rock and roll by, like, next week. So we're still a little bit in that ramp up phase.
Gioia Garden: Sweet. Sound good.
Christopher Hume: And then the last thing is, when you get a meeting with someone, When meetings start coming in. Just let me know, and I'll check your calendar and make sure it's not some, like, random vip.
Christopher Hume: Yeah, and then soon enough, Julia, you'll be handling the VIPS too. But I don't want to put you under that pressure right away.
Gioia Garden: Yeah, I appreciate that. Thank you.
Christopher Hume: You know, you're welcome.
Gioia Garden: Okay. Sweet. Thanks, chris.
Christopher Hume: I'll talk to you.
Christopher Hume: Looking forward to this.