kellie ferrie: So I was curious to see what you guys are offering and what clearinghouse you're using and that type of thing.
Adam Harrison: Awesome. Yeah, I can definitely walk you through some of that in more detail. This is kind of the beta version of it right now, so we are just limiting it to you know, a few folks who, who are kind of like raising their hand and expressing interests. Eligibility checks.
kellie ferrie: I have someone in house who basically calls because I find that availability doesn't, you know, they're great for like your Blue Cross Blue Shield, but I go on the Mass Medicaid site to run those rev checks. It's a mixture of different things.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, that's, yeah, that's what we have heard quite a bit is you can do kind of a basic check through, you know, most EHRs will even offer or if you use, I don't know if you use something like Headway or anything like that. You can get like a basic level check. Availability, you know, often provides a bit more detail, but oftentimes it's missing key information and then you know, calling is sort of like ultimately where you kind of need to go oftentimes. So sounds like that has been your experience as well.
kellie ferrie: Yes.
Adam Harrison: Yeah. Okay. One more quick question and then I will walk you through kind of what our offering looks like in terms of like, you know, when availability has worked for you versus when you find yourself needing to call. I know you said like certain payers availability is fine. Right. For the ones where it doesn't work, what is usually the thing that's missing for you is it, you know, hey, I don't know the patient, you know, cost share because you know, that's not showing me the right level of detail on the deductible. Is it something of like I want to know the visit limit if there is one for this plan because I don't, you know, I want to make sure.
kellie ferrie: I generally like to call to confirm codes, so specific codes because you know what's in my contract and. But when I run it through availability, I like to just know that the code that I plan on using for that client because I have run a few different programs like I do cocm and those codes are completely different. And then you know, there's the regular EM codes. Right. So I, I guess it's more like a trust issue on my part. I just, I like to be 100% sure before I tell the patient.
Adam Harrison: Yes, makes. Makes total sense. Awesome. Well, yeah, let me, let me walk you through what the offering looks like. Basically the way to. The way that I would kind of describe our eligibility checks is there's, there's kind of three different. Layers of checks that get done and we progress to sort of higher and higher levels of fidelity of a check depending on what we're actually returning as a response from like, you know, from the, from the payer, from the clearinghouse, from, from the portal. So the first layer of check is really a basic API call to, through a clearinghouse. And this is going to give us, you know, a real basic level of information of is this insurance plan active? You know, is mental health covered? You know, what's the plan type, what's the plan name? A lot of those real basic things that you often get through availability.
Adam Harrison: The, the next level of check on top of that is we will have an AI agent that will do a, a document search and basically scrape together and interpret different insurance plans and come to the next layer of analysis and sort of like depth here of for example, is there a referral required for mental health? Right. Is there a visit limit? Those sorts of things? And then the final layer would be we have a calling agent human plus, you know, some AI software where we'll actually call the payer and confirm specific CPT codes as well as all the other relevant items for eligibility, such as, you know, visit limit, cost share info, you know, any kind of fine print around referral or prior auth needed or anything else like that. And so we kind of progressively will march through those different levels of check depending on the payer, depending on, you know, what we're kind of returning at each step of that process. So that is, that's kind of how it works. We get. Sorry, go ahead, you had a question?
kellie ferrie: Oh no, I thought I lost you for a second, but it just, it cut out for a second, but it came back in.
Adam Harrison: Okay, perfect. So the way we're kind of doing this now is we do, we are kind of doing an initial pilot that we'll do for you at no cost. It'll be essentially like we'll get your patients for the next week. You can share that with us via spreadsheet or if you're comfortable, we can get an admin login to your EHR and we will do checks on all your patients for the next week. And, and we'll share that output with you via Excel. So you can see just what our output kind of looks like while we're in beta version that would be at kind of a free pilot at no charge. And then if you did want to continue afterwards, the ongoing price would be. $0.90 per eligibility check. And, you know, you could set up any kind of rules around how often you want to run those. So, for example, hey, anytime there is a new patient or anytime someone has an appointment coming up in the next 48 hours, or, you know, you know, you. You'd be able to define whatever rules you want for that, but that is kind of how it works. So curious if you would be interested in doing like, a pilot run with us.
kellie ferrie: I would, and I think the spreadsheet would be a better option just because I think that'll give you enough to work with just based on the new patients that I get per week that need, like, an initial check before I even take them on. What information do you need on that spreadsheet?
Adam Harrison: Yeah, I'll send you over kind of an intake form after this. So that should include. I'll actually just include kind of a template with all the columns we need. It'll be things like, you know, obviously we'll need the patient sort of member ID and date of birth, but then we'll also need some of your practice information so we can call on your behalf.
Adam Harrison: So, like your organization, MTI and tax ID and, you know, lots, all those good things. We also will probably want to get a BAA sent over to you just so we can kind of do this exchange if you don't have one already with us. But I can definitely follow up over email with all those, like, next steps.
kellie ferrie: Okay. And then after you guys are kind of out of the pilot mode, I can then configure it to how I want it to check patients that are in jetsych as I put them in. Plus as they have appointments coming up or beginning of the year, I check everybody kind of thing.
Adam Harrison: Exactly. You could set up whatever rules you want, and you'll be able to do this all directly within the software. Right now, we're just kind of piloting this with a few, you know, you're part of this, the kind of beta test. So we are still like, refining what that all will look like. And so that's why we're doing like, the free pilot and. And things like that. So. So you can kind of test it at no cost to yourself.
kellie ferrie: Okay, that sounds good. So I'll wait for your email, and then I'll kind of work from there to get everything over to you. Do you want the spreadsheet updated, like, weekly with new intakes? Like, are you just doing it the one time? I just want to know what.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, so. So we do have a little bit of a we do have a little bit of. We have a number of customers that are interested, so we do have a little bit of a kind of wait list for this. So we are booked for this week right now. But what. And so we're doing checks this week for the following week. But what we could do is next week we could do checks for patients that you have coming up. The week of February 2nd. Okay. So we could do that entire week, as many or as few patients as you want. It doesn't also it can be like broader than that week too. If you wanted to do like hey, we actually want to do intakes for the month of February. Right. We would just probably cap it at something like you know, 100 patients. Yeah.
kellie ferrie: If you want to just put all that how you want me to do it in the email, that'll be great.
kellie ferrie: That way I just know exactly.
Adam Harrison: It'll all, it'll all be in the email and yeah, we can go from there.
kellie ferrie: Okay, perfect. And any. I always ask this every time I speak to you guys just for two features that I'm waiting for you, please. Telehealth. Are you going to integrate any kind of telehealth platform?
kellie ferrie: So another software isn't required when using JOT Psych as an ehr.
Adam Harrison: Telehealth is on our roadmap but it's not going to be know. I wouldn't say it's coming like this quarter would be my guess. Okay.
kellie ferrie: And then another thing, and I know this is very. Not everybody uses it but I have a lot of time based codes like monthly time based codes that I use for COCM and chronic care management.
kellie ferrie: So if you were ever thinking about adding a timer in to, you know, basically what happens is when you open a patient chart, timer starts when you're doing anything within that patient, timer's running and then you know some sort of report at the end of the month that says you spent X amount of time on this patient. Because that's how we bill a lot of the CCM and they're not fee for service visit based kind of codes, they're monthly. Every time I talk to you guys I always just throw that out there. I would love that feature.
Adam Harrison: Okay, that is awesome to hear. Do you know who on our team you've spoken with in the past by chance?
kellie ferrie: Yes, I spoke with.
Adam Harrison: Was it Chris or Becca or Nate or Jackson?
kellie ferrie: I won't be able to tell you one second, let me just go in. Chris. Chris. Christopher Hume.
Adam Harrison: Christopher Hume. Okay, that's great. Yeah, he. So I'm sure he has relayed a lot of this feedback to products but I will kind of bump that up in the queue and just remind folks and just to make sure I got that right. So timer based codes. So can you give an example of like a few codes that you would commonly bill for just so I can make sure that's included like a 99492 is a code in behavioral health.
kellie ferrie: And then let me give you the other general BHI code. Just going to pull it up in the EH. 99484.
Adam Harrison: Okay.
kellie ferrie: Basically to bill those codes I have to have at least 20 minutes a month spent on a patient and it not, not patient facing like just doing anything, making referrals, coordinating their care. So that's why kind of like the other softwares that I've looked at. Like you open the patient, anytime that patient's clicked on in the ehr, basically a little timer starts running and logs the time in the background so that at the end of the month I can say, did I spend the 20 minutes required to meet this code? Yes, I did.
Adam Harrison: Got it. And just curious, any like, which ehrs have you felt have done this?
kellie ferrie: Well, so one of the ones I've looked at is called Hum Health. So Hum Health specifically designed for cocm, BI and ccm. And then what was the other one? I think it was called like Cross TX or something like that. Cross tx I think was what I demoed.
Adam Harrison: Gotcha.
kellie ferrie: So just something. I always throw it out there. So if.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, that's super helpful. And then the other one was telehealth, of course. And do you have any specific requests around that or do you just want something that like, integrates?
kellie ferrie: Nice to not have to use a separate product for the telehealth. That's all just.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, you know. Yeah. What do you use now? Do you use like, or something? Or are you simple?
kellie ferrie: Yeah.
Adam Harrison: And then.
kellie ferrie: So that's my ehr, but I do keep patients in jot psych because I use everything else around it, like the AI generation mostly. But then I end up copying, pasting it into simple practice because that's where I send them links to, to, you know, that's where I pull my billing reports and, and that kind of thing. So I'm hopefully trying to find a unicorn where I can do all these things within one platform because I'm paying for three different things to do all the things that I need to do, so.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, absolutely, absolutely. That is. You know, everyone is trying to build everything, but unfortunately it's just like a matter of sequencing and, and all that, so. Of course. So we definitely hear you loud and clear. I've passed this back to our team. I'm going back and forth with them in Slack and I will follow up over email with the next steps on eligibility checks and how we can kind of get the ball rolling there.
kellie ferrie: Excellent. Thank you so much.
Adam Harrison: Thank you, Kelly. Thanks so much.
kellie ferrie: Have a good one.
Adam Harrison: Bye. Bye. Bye.