So chat tap2chat: Columbia. I've been doing social work cycle, well, hospital, home care, schools, private practice since 1990. I'm lucky enough to have an MBA from Kellogg, so I understand about how to build businesses. I sold this practice. I started integrated group practice with psychiatry nurse practitioners, PAs, substance abuse therapists. And I. I started it, I sold it about three years ago after I started seven years when there was just this whole frenzy of all these companies buying and individuals buying practices. So I was lucky enough to sell it, but I still run it as a practice administrator. So I'm a clinical director right now. We're actually in the throes of moving to a larger state mental health clinic. So that. That's a big deal to get that Article 31 Licensing in New York State to be a mental health clinic providing mental health and comorbid substance abuse services to the spectrum 4 to 100. So I did talk to somebody at probably your competitor, Nudge. To be honest with you, I've been just so damn busy. I have not been able to take the free sample, the free whatever, and try it out. Some of my clinicians are just using AI. Like, they're just writing their notes by hand, and then they're just uploading it into AI and then they're letting AI rewrite the note and then they're uploading that. You know, the problem for me, I'm older, even though I understand things conceptually, I'm like in my late 60s. Okay. And a lot of our head psychiatrists are also in their late 60s. I have somebody who's 72. So we're not computer savvy. Like we. It's not that we can't be taught, but if it starts to mean technology, we just resist it and we don't run to it. So I do know that we need a technology solution for helping us write notes, because especially if we become a mental health clinic. Article 31, the amount of note taking, documentation, treatment plans, it just takes away so much from the actual clinical work. So something like this is really important. To make a long story short. So I'm in the throat. You're getting me at the right time. I need to figure something out. Like I said, I talked to Nudge. There's a colleague. Somebody has a competitive company and not a competitor. They're in another state. But. Like, he's got really good business ideas. He told me about your, your practice, your business. And he told me about Nudge. And he told me about one other one. I can't remember what it is, and I just call Nudge first. But like I said, never tried it. Got the free thing, never did it. And now I'm here with you.
Nathan Peereboom: Got it. Well, that's real. I appreciate you, like, kind of explaining where you're coming from and you're. Denise, I assure you, you are in very good company in terms of your relationship to technology and like, just the way that you're thinking about this. You know, we. We've scribed for, at this point, over 2.1 million encounters. And we talk to people every day who really, they want a sort of white glove experience with this because technology is hard and a big tenant of jot psych is we want to make it super, super easy. I think that what I would like to do. Well, let me. Sorry, let me just ask a few other questions and then I'd love to just walk you through our offering and then you can decide what you want to do after that. Does that sound good?
So chat tap2chat: Sure. I mean, I think I need to get in the weeds at some point and actually get a, you know, like a free trial or something, you know, and I force myself to do it. Yeah, yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: So, yes, 100%. That's exactly like what we recommend. And actually that's kind of my hope at the end of this call that, you know, we get to a place where you're like, hey, you know what? Enough talk. I just want to use it. I want to see what happens. That is, that is a great outcome for us here. So let me, let me share my screen and we'll just walk through, walk through the basics. But before I do, can you just help me understand?
So chat tap2chat: We're about 2.2 million in revenue right now. 2.3. We're not huge, but we have 19 clinicians, a mix of half and half psychiatry and therapy. But we're getting a lot of, you know, with the. I'm so into like the financial landscape. We have a lot of Medicare and Medicaid. And as you know, Medicare, they're not going to increase the rate next year. Basically. What's 9, 10 of 1%? 9. 101%. It's like nothing. So I think that. And the companies, especially UnitedHealthcare, they're so good at looking at things, looking at things in, you know, analytically at things that look like they're up. Chart upcoding or, you know, so they ask for a lot of records. So there's just constant sending, you know, prep for prepayment reviews. And so the documentation. And to be able to do it well and do it uniquely for every session is going to be more and more important because a lot of our clinicians and I do it too. We just clone the record, right? We just clone. Through the same thing, you know, so we have to get away from that.
Nathan Peereboom: Great. I, we totally agree. So let me start out. Can you see my screen?
So chat tap2chat: Yes. Yeah. The AI engine that turns every behavioral health encounter into revenue.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay. So I want to start out by just explaining where we sit in the ecosystem. So we only do behavioral health. We do, you know, we work for psychiatrists, psychiatric nurse practitioners, therapists, social workers and people in addiction medicine. We don't do anything else.
So chat tap2chat: Okay.
Nathan Peereboom: The thing that we are focused on is uniting the billing world and the documentation world because to your point, you know, you guys are copying and pasting the note from last time mostly because that, that's probably what works for you. Insurance companies though, are adopting incredibly sophisticated tools to figure that out and deny.
So chat tap2chat: Absolutely, absolutely.
Nathan Peereboom: So you know, our whole.
So chat tap2chat: It's gonna get worse. We're only at the beginning of this UnitedHealthcare, which I call them the devil you know, they get contracted by all these other insurance companies who, they're the best in class with this nonsense, with their technology. And so they're, they're, they're looking at every, you know, all these other companies, which is kind of strange.
So chat tap2chat: Well, but it's going to get worse.
Nathan Peereboom: It's going to get totally worse. Here's how jot psych works though, okay? And I'm just going to show you the software because I can tell that you're someone who likes to get into the details. So the way jot psych works is you upload your payer documents. So the contracts you have with payers. We also have a bunch of off the shelf documents from Cigna, Aetna, CMS, APA, etc. And what we do is we create a rule list for you. And those rules govern the notes that you, that you build. So with every note you get the note, but then you also get an audit on that note where you can see exactly like what went wrong and what you need to fix before you submit it for a claim. As a clinic owner, you can see exactly which rules are being followed versus not by your clinician. So you have the ability to go and you know, in your all hands meeting say, hey guys, we're not doing a really good job of following these guidance lines for the way we document suicidal and highest homicidal ideation. So that's kind of what makes jot psych unique, is that yes, it's an AI scribe and it's super easy to use. All you have to do is click start and you can go. But really the magic of it is that it's writing the note and it's auto auditing those notes based on the language, the incredibly complicated and convoluted language of payers like Cigna, Aetna, Optim and everything and everyone that you want to include in that bucket. So you can even add like if you have an onboarding document or how we, you know, how we practice document, you can give those to job site and we'll make sure that those preferences are infused into the note taking process.
So chat tap2chat: So wait a minute, let's go back for a second. So when you say writing the notes. So they say there's a written note and the codes. The note does not match up with the codes that we're requesting payment for. Then it corrects it. Correct.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. So what it'll do is. And this one didn't. This one doesn't have an audit on it. But what it'll do is you can click audit and you'll be able to see essentially like, hey, I billed for a 99212. Actually, Jetsec is recommending that you have billed for a 99213. And. And this. These are the three things you need to change in your note to get there. Now, you might look at that and be like, wait, let's back up for a second.
So chat tap2chat: Do you. Do you ever have the capacity to listen to a session and then you write the note?
Nathan Peereboom: That's the whole way it works. So you record would. Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: Would you like to do a demo? That might actually be the best way to see this.
So chat tap2chat: You want to do a demo also, you're writing the note?
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. So we write the note. Do you want to do a small demo?
So chat tap2chat: Sure.
Nathan Peereboom: Perfect. All right, let's. Let's just do a demo intake. Do you want to be the clinician? I'll be the patient.
So chat tap2chat: Sure.
Nathan Peereboom: Great. And what we'll do is why don't you give me a character to play? I'll play the character, and then we'll just look at what happens after.
So chat tap2chat: A character to play. You're. You're a 32 year old depressed male because you're company won't go public. I don't know.
Nathan Peereboom: Oh, gosh. That was a little on the nose. I'll take it, Denise. All right, let's do it. You ready?
So chat tap2chat: Sure.
Nathan Peereboom: All right, so we're. We're recording now. Denise, thank you so much for seeing me. I really appreciate it.
So chat tap2chat: So how's things going, Nathan? How's things going with your business?
Nathan Peereboom: Oh, man, it's been super, super hard. I mean, I started, you know, Wildflowers llc, you know, three years ago, and, you know, at first people were really excited. You know, we were the only ones doing wildflower arrangements in the D.C. area. But now I just feel like, I don't know, people. The economy is getting worse. People are nervous about the way the world's going, and people don't want to buy wildflowers anymore. And it's keeping me up at night. I can't sleep. My girlfriend says I'm very irritable. So I'm like, I'm honestly not doing that. Great.
So chat tap2chat: It sounds like you're really on edge and it's justified what you're feeling, what you're feeling. But are you doing any self help things? Are you watching your diet? Are you exercising? Are you tracking how much sleep you're trying to get? Are you having difficulty sleeping? Do you need a referral for sleep management?
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, I mean, a sleep management referral would be amazing. I think the, the thing that's been really helpful is I have a little bit of wine before I go to sleep every night. I mean, not a ton, but I'll probably have maybe five glasses of wine right before I sleep. Just so you know, I don't have. Like, I. It doesn't really. Like, I don't even feel it that much. Like, that's not a lot for me. And so that has been like a really nice ritual that I've been following.
So chat tap2chat: But, but you do know that, that alcohol is a depressant. It also is a sleep interrupter. It may help you fall asleep, but then you could have breakthrough wake. You could wake up frequently during the night, especially if you drink a lot. You may need to use the bathroom. So that, that's not really a good way. We call that self medicating. So I think a referral to a psychiatric prescriber may be a good idea to see if there's other ways to help you relax and unwind before you go to sleep.
Nathan Peereboom: My dad, like always had a lot of alcohol before he went to sleep. And I mean, he seemed totally. I mean, that seemed to like work for him. I don't know, it just seems like something where. I mean, maybe it's because I'm Irish, you know, but like, it just seems like something that hasn't really been a problem in my life and I kind of want to keep it that way.
So chat tap2chat: Okay, so you're not interested in changing now, but maybe that's something that we have to revisit if it. If you are finding yourself needing to drink more and more to get the same effect. If you're having five glasses of. What are you drinking, by the way?
Nathan Peereboom: I. I'm a real. I'm really partial to Evan Williams. I really like some Evan Williams. They. They typically just do bourbon and whiskey, but they just came out with this awesome new red wine line that I, I think is amazing. Like, I think it's really. I don't know if you had any, but I completely recommend it.
So chat tap2chat: Okay. So it's not like beer, so it's kind of okay. The wine is lighter, I guess, less alcohol content, but the bourbon is obviously higher alcohol content. I just. Can you just kind of keep a diary for me for the next month to see how much you're drinking, if that's changed, if it stays the same, if it's less than or increased. And then do you have a sleep wa. One of those devices where you can track your sleep, like an apple watch or some kind of.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, yeah, I do actually. I have an Apple watch. So I can track. On Apple watch. That works.
So chat tap2chat: Yeah, because you should be getting at least six hours. If not six, seven or eight. I prefer.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, getting. Yeah, I mean, that. Yeah, that's okay. That's. That's fair. Hey, I had one other question, and then I actually do have to run. I got. I went and I filled out this intake form you asked me, and it said, I think it was like, was it a ph. Pht, phq, phq 10, phq 9, something like that? Yeah, phq 9. And I got a 18 on it. Is that high? I just don't know.
So chat tap2chat: I said it sounds pretty high to me. Sounds like you, you may have some, some. Some signs of depression that would be indicating some depression. Depression? Do you think you're depressed?
Nathan Peereboom: I can't. I mean, I think I'm stressed, but I don't know if I'm. I mean, yeah, I guess I. I guess I am feeling pretty low.
So chat tap2chat: Maybe you've been feeling low for so long as part of who you are, you're not even sure. You don't even know what it feels like to feel some other way. Less not depressed.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, that's what my girlfriend says. You're starting to sound like her.
So chat tap2chat: I'm going to give you a referral for psychiatric prescriber to evaluate. Do you want a male or female to do? Does it make a difference?
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, it doesn't make a difference. I'm flexible.
So chat tap2chat: Okay, so I'm going to give you a referral to Dr. Schwartz. Is that okay? Great. Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: Can I see Dr. Schwartz? I don't know if you have their calendar open, but maybe I could see them. Actually, I don't have my calendar open, so maybe we can schedule later, but that sounds great. Thank you.
So chat tap2chat: Yeah, I'll give. I'll make sure you have the number for the office. 914352, 6116. Just call them and you can say that I approved your scheduling for Dr. Swartz as a next step.
Nathan Peereboom: Beautiful. Okay, I got to run. I'm going to click end recording. All right, so that was awesome. Thank you so much for the free healthcare.
Nathan Peereboom: I'm going to click generate note and here's what's happening. So right now the software is taking all of the information in our conversation. Now, if I had tagged a patient to it, it would also be reading all the things that were in the past for that patient. So that pull forward that you're describing, whatever we talked about Zoloft last time, we don't talk about today.
Nathan Peereboom: It still has to get pulled forward into the medication history. And so we do that with AI. Now, I didn't tag this to a patient, so it's going to be a new Snow White note. But after the note is generated, we're going to see a bunch of things. Okay, so the first thing, actually, I will tag this to a patient. Just, you know, so we have it. Let's go. Example Chris assigned. Okay, so a few things. The first thing is, I know you mentioned a lot of documentation beyond the note. So you can go to the bottom here, click any and describe any document you want. Like let's say I want the referral letter to Dr. Schwartz. Right? Because you, you'd mentioned that, that in the visit. If you are an office that writes the referral letter. Look, it totally writes it with all the background that we discussed, you know. So, you know, you can see, for example, there's my five glasses of wine, there's my PHQ9 score, et cetera. And you can edit this and change it as much as you want, but if you like the template, you can save it as a template. If you like it as is, you can send to the patient, download it, whatever you want. The note itself comes out in this totally customizable order. You can modify which sections you have, and then let's see if there's an audit here. There may or may not be. Might have been too short for the audit. But yeah, the point is that you can at any point go in and you can make an effort. So let's say we want to write a shorter hpi and I can go to the HPI and see it's in bullets. I might not want that. Want it in bullets. I can say, hey, actually, no thanks. Let's say I would like HPI and prose and so you can modify it. And once you do that, you can click train.
Nathan Peereboom: And when you train, what's going to happen is you're going to be able to have that change in your note thereafter. So you're going to be able to, you know, enjoy a note that is continuously getting better and better and better based on, you know, what you prefer. Okay, so our audit came through. Now it recommends actually two different codes, a 99213 and a 96127.
Nathan Peereboom: We didn't talk about MDM or total time. I didn't put that in the note. So it's, you know, it's recommending, you know, a few things here which I can, you know, automatically. For example, we didn't talk about telehealth consent, but it picked up that this is a telehealth call. So I can click fix with AI. It's going to add the telehealth consent into the note. And that way UnitedHealthcare or whoever can't say, oh, wait, they didn't provide telehealth consent because it's in the note. So the whole idea here is that. And you set these rules, but these rules govern and drip down to all of your clinic, clinicians notes, really decreasing your risk of audit, clawbacks, etc. Etc. Any questions on this? I know, I kind of whipped through it to the telehealth note.
So chat tap2chat: Explain that again about the telehealth note. I didn't know that we have to ask permission. We have to ask permission.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. So technically you need to note that you have consent for telehealth every time you do a telehealth visit. And most insurers won't claw it back, but, you know, in a world where they can review every note, they might say, hey, look for any note that's telehealth that doesn't have a telehealth consent and just reject it. It's actually.
So chat tap2chat: How do you get the television consent? You write it. You, you can say it to the patient. Okay. Just want to. You're being. Do I have to tell them they're being recorded?
Nathan Peereboom: No, no, no, no. It's not telehealth for jobs. Like, it's telehealth for the fact that we're doing this over a Google chat or like a Google call versus in person. If you're in person, you don't have to ask for telehealth consent.
So chat tap2chat: So wait a minute, I'm confused. So. So are you compatible with any electronic health records? Like.
Nathan Peereboom: Yep. So you can use us as an electronic health record, or you can just click copy all sections and control V into your into your ehr.
So chat tap2chat: How do you do that?
Nathan Peereboom: So let's say I click copy all sections and then let me go to a example document, ehr. Okay, so imagine this is your ehr. You can just go control V and then the whole notes in there.
So chat tap2chat: Mm.
Nathan Peereboom: So it's really, really simple. So let me, I, I have to run in like three minutes here. So let me, let me do this. I wanted to show you what your options are for next steps because I think that that's probably the most helpful. And I can send this deck over. You need to tell me pricing. Yes. Okay, so let's get to pricing.
So chat tap2chat: So by the way, what's your background? Where are you calling from?
Nathan Peereboom: I'm calling from Washington D.C. where are you guys located again, Denise?
So chat tap2chat: Northern, one hour north of New York City.
Nathan Peereboom: Oh cool. Okay, great. So we're about to change.
So chat tap2chat: We're more expensive than nudge.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, I mean we, we do a lot more than nudge. I mean we are totally focused on having.
So chat tap2chat: So wait a minute, so you. This is a monthly contract. We did an annual contract and this is this amount. So if we had 18 people, is 117 for an times 17.
Nathan Peereboom: Yep, that's right. And we have, we're rolling out new pricing in about two weeks. So you're going to see a lot of these numbers change and go down. But right now, because we're providing, you know, all this support around billing like that, like the value proposition is not like oh, you're just going to save a lot of time. Every AI scribe can promise you that at this point the promise is that you are going to have a completely different relationship with your payers because you're writing notes that are glove fit to the, to the rules that they are evaluating your notes on. So let me, let me just show you. For getting started, we offer three different pilot programs and you know, you guys are north of New York City. My vote for you would be to do this four week pilot and here's why. With a four week pilot we'll actually send a team member up to do an in person lunch and learn with your whole team. Everyone will get unlimited access to JOT psych for that whole month. You can also do dedicated customer support sessions with us and that way at the end of that month you'll know exactly one, is this actually worth the money? Two, are my clinicians picking it up and loving it? And three, do I like working with the JOT psych team? Do I like them as people? Do I trust them? Like you know, do I really feel like they're partners to me? So my recommendation is like, you don't have to make a big decision here. $500 for you guys is like kind of immaterial. It's the signal that we need to like send someone on a trip. But it's really like a white glove experience. And I think that a lot of the questions you have are going to be answered by just trying the software and importantly, getting it in the hands of the people that you work with.
So chat tap2chat: Mm.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. How does that sit for you?
So chat tap2chat: Yeah, Sounds okay. Sounds all right. The problem is I. Next month, I'm going to be. I have a house in the Caribbean. And I'm going to be there for a month, so I won't be physically there.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah.
So chat tap2chat: And a lot of my practitioners are remote. Some of them are 100% remote.
Nathan Peereboom: Well, one thing that we can do is we can start with a month that's, you know, remote. And we can just come at the end of the month if you'd like. Because, I mean, we can do this in person. I mean, this lunch. And learn, you know, fairly easily by simply, you know, doing a few zoom calls. So I tell you what, Denise, I do have to run right now.
So chat tap2chat: Okay.
Nathan Peereboom: I would love to some time for you and Chris, who can give you more information about this. How does that sound? Could I set up some time with you and Chris?
So chat tap2chat: Chris is your assistant.
Nathan Peereboom: He's our head of growth.
So chat tap2chat: Okay, sure.
Nathan Peereboom: All right, perfect. So, Denise, can we do 2pm on Monday with Chris? I'm not going to be able to make it, unfortunately, I have another obligation. But he's the one who can lead you through the whole pilot program.
So chat tap2chat: I'd rather do it. Monday is my day off. I'd rather do a day I'm not working. Wait, let me say Monday. Wait a minute. I have to get to my calendar.
Nathan Peereboom: Sure, sure.
So chat tap2chat: No, I have a rheumatology appointment and we're gonna have a snowstorm. You're gonna have a boom. Yeah, I don't know what's going to happen on Monday.
Nathan Peereboom: All right.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, I can't do Monday.
So chat tap2chat: I could do Tuesday at 2:15.
Nathan Peereboom: Tuesday at 2:15.
So chat tap2chat: Wednesday at earlier 10:30.
Nathan Peereboom: Actually, Wednesday is awesome. Why don't we do Wednesday at. We do it at 2 2pm.
So chat tap2chat: No, I have a client. I can do 2:30.
Nathan Peereboom: Perfect. Okay, I'm gonna put time on for you and Chris at 2:30.
So chat tap2chat: Wait, wait, let me see. Something else. Supposed to be commuting. How about the following week? How about the week of the 9th?
Nathan Peereboom: Let me look. Let's see. So, yeah, we can do the ninth at. Oh, no, that's Monday. You, you. You have Mondays, the 10th. Okay, let's do the 10th. 12 o'.
So chat tap2chat: Clock. 12 o'.
Nathan Peereboom: Clock. Actually, I'm sorry, I can't do the 10th. Could we do the 11th at 1?
So chat tap2chat: No.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, I can do earlier.
So chat tap2chat: Like 10:30. 2:30. Do 2:30.
Nathan Peereboom: 2:30. 2:30 is perfect. Okay, great. I'm going to put this on.
Nathan Peereboom: How long could we do? 30 minutes, that's all. We can do longer. Yeah, let's do longer.
So chat tap2chat: I think you should do an hour.
Nathan Peereboom: Do an hour. Great.
So chat tap2chat: Is just like not good. Rushing me is not good.
Nathan Peereboom: All right, let's do an hour and that'll be with Chris.
So chat tap2chat: Okay, perfect.
Nathan Peereboom: All right, I will send that invite after. And Denise, thank you so much. I really appreciate you chatting with me and being.
So chat tap2chat: Just give me Chris's last name.
Nathan Peereboom: Hume. H M E.
So chat tap2chat: Oh, that's Chris Hume. Okay. You sent me an email. Okay, very good. All right.
Nathan Peereboom: All right, take care. Thank you.
So chat tap2chat: All right, bye. I don't like that. Polthea rose. Call thea rose. Cold. Thea. Denise, do you have a minute? Yes. Okay. So, yeah, I saw she canceled her appointment, the son's appointment with Dr. Schwartz. Why? Oh, I don't. I don't know. She didn't. Yeah, I had. I thought. I tried to send you an email or text. Yeah, I guess I didn't. Yeah, she. She had a follow up one with Dr. Schwartz, but she canceled it like at the last minute. I. I don't like this lady. She's wasting our time. I don't like her either. I know. I don't like her. She's. She's got a personality problem. Yes. She's hell bent on doing exactly what she wants to do. Okay, well, then she can go somewhere else. And I'm just like. Well, I said, well, exposure. She's talking about this exposure therapy. Because they stated that. That's what I said. No, they suggested. Right, There you go. That's the right word. Yeah, there you go. So she's so rigid. What? So what is she on the spec? Why is she so rigid? Yeah, and that's why I was thinking, I was like, she might be on a spectrum. Right. There's something wrong with her. She's very rigid. And I explained to her about the accommodations, and she needs to speak to the Department of Education. And she hasn't already to see if she can get the accommodations for her son. I was like, it doesn't. It doesn't come down to performance. That's how they all grade us. It all comes down to numbers. But if he needs other accommodations, they definitely can shift him to another school and pay the bill. If it's a private school, she needs to get a lawyer to do it, though. Sounds like she can't. She. She even know that. She's not even interested in, like, doing that. So I'm just like, you don't even want to do the work? Get out of here. No, I know. I. I kind of knew. She. She was difficult when I dealt with her. I had to kind of get her off the ledge. But what for her to cancel Dr. Schwartz? Kid has Medicaid. We can't charge her. I would just. Can you just try to nicely say maybe this isn't the right practice for her? Sorry. We tried to, but try to let her down gently because she's going to be difficult. No, I. I didn't even do that. I told. I gave her even something a little bit better where I said, because he already has a therapist. I don't know if you knew that, But I thought she wasn't going to do with. With that therapist because the therapist couldn't handle it. The therapist has also a child that has ocd, and so he's been working with this and he likes her. And so I said, well, why are you looking to change that? He said, oh, because I said, the exposure therapy. I was like, she can include that in her therapy now. Let her do it. She said, well, she has already. So I said that she has already. What the hell are you. She's crazy. She's on the spectrum. There's something wrong with her. He said, oh. She said, he. Then she gonna tell me, oh. She said that he should just be seeing a. A therapist for exposure theory. I said, okay, well, good luck. Call the insurance company and try to find somebody. That's not how that works. At least that's not how I work. It's incorporated, but it will not just be that she's not listening to your expertise. Near professionalism. She needs to go somewhere else. Being exactly that. Even though it was adjusted. Not mandatory. Right. She's rigid. She's fixed. No, let her go. I mean, she can't. Can't listen to reason. Reasonable. No, she's not. Reasonable information. She wanted to argue with me on it. And I'm like, lady, you don't even know about the Department of Education. I know. Yeah. I don't know anything about it. You're going off of what? This regular school up there told you as if it's a school. She's like, you know, because they have gca. I was like, yeah, they have GCA here in the city still. They don't have it up there. Well, what is it called? Is it called gifted and talented? Oh, they don't have it up there. Why don't they send them to a private school? They're not going to pay for that. They don't want to pay for it. They could get New York to pay for it. That's an accommodation. What do you mean, New York to pay for? Who's going to pay for it? Department of Education will pay for your child to get service, to be educated in service, in an environment that works for them. But. But. No, I get it, but you have to fight that one. And she probably needs a educational lawyer. That's not going to be easy battle. Because it's a $60,000 a year gig. That's a lot of money. It could be done, though. I could appointed her to a lawyer if that was something he was interested in. I don't think she is. Yeah, that's the point. She's not even interested in doing all of that. And I'm just like you. So you. She's fighting the school to do what she wants them to do. I said, rock out. You're gonna show us your child, but go ahead. Oh. Then she was like, oh, well, he wouldn't do well in another environment anyway. Because my thing is that we got to treat the anxiety before he goes into another environment. Yeah, but why is she canceling the appointment? I was. I was hopeful that Dr. Swift's gonna be able to put on some medication, calm them down with the anxiety and OCD. Well, that's the thing. She said he saw Dr. Swartz two weeks ago and he just started the medication. But why did she cancel the appointment? She didn't reschedule the appointment. She canceled the appointment. It was on the 28th. And I looked at Big C. I'm like, what is that about? It wasn't snowing. I'm like, why? And it's virtual. What's the issue? What is the issue? I don't know. She didn't mention anything about that. No, she. Yeah, I don't like her. Just get rid of her. I can't see an entitled white woman. They're the worst with Medicaid. Nonetheless, I still understand that. Medicaid limited in Millbrook with all in horse country. Oh, it was a late cancel, too. Sorry. It wasn't big. It was a late cancel. You can't do nothing with it. Wait a minute. No. Because they have Medicaid. Yes. No. Let's see. Let me see something. How many times? Yeah. So this was a follow up. Wait a minute. Whose note is this? Dr. Schwartz's note. What did he write here? Psychiatric evaluation. Anxious, severe, nine year old. Oh, is this the one? She was complaining he did not. She not. She thought he was 6, but he's 9. I guess so. I don't know. Yeah. Remember. Did. Remember she said, I saw it in the email, but I didn't read the note of what she was referencing. Child is highly sensitive and rule bound. Rule bound? Causing excessive anxiety. Trial of eschitalopram, 5 milligrams. Counseling, returned, return in a month. So this was on? Yeah, and he was supposed to have a follow up on January 28th and she lay cancelled with no reschedule. I think she doesn't probably want to come back either. No, she wants things the way she wants them. That's my. That's what she was giving me. Like, well, I want it this way. And you can do exposure therapy. Just exposure therapy. I said, what is what? No, she was stuck on that. I don't know. If you had any time, I would call a psychiatric psychologist. Say, do you realize how much problems they are recomm. Your suggestion caused? They're so stuck on this. Get. She, she, you know, what is. She seems to have an affinity at 102. Should I still call. What is she talking about? She seems to have an affinity to that psychologist. I don't know what it is about that psychologist, but she seems to like everything she put her and hangs everything on whatever that. I just imagine her to be a white woman and look just like her. A white woman that looked just like her. And then she thinks that whatever she says is gospel. So I asked her, I said, is that a third party psychiatrist or was that Department of Education? It was recommended by the school, I think. Oh, so. But it's an outside party. It was an outside party, but I think the school paid for the evaluation. Not the same thing as having. They probably don't have those services then. They probably don't have like what, an internal. Yeah, they don't have. No, it's a small. Just. That's a really tiny district. Tiny. Yeah, I see. I realize. And everybody's rich up there. It's horse country. Everybody owns like acres and acres and acres of land or they're cheap. It's one of the other. Listen, when I see Medicaid. I don't think so either. He's a cook. Maybe he's a cook for one of those rich people. Like you said. I, I don't just don't even spend any more energy on her. I didn't like her. She just, you know, I just. So she could see. Yeah. So she could figure it out. Because I just kind of pushed her back to her. His therapist. I'm looking. He already has one. Why are you doing that? I'm gonna say, well, you don't think that going to a new therapist is going to bring him anxiety. You're saying that a new environment is going to bring anxiety. What the hell you think's gonna happen with me? You want to talk to the old, you want to talk to the current therapist just to relieve your anxiety. Your, your, your thing that, like, this is hopeless. I told her that I, I, I told. I know it's not. You have to get her permission. Yeah, yeah, I know. I told her that. I was like, well, you know what I'll speak to your therapist if you. I. I'm okay with doing console just to wrap things up, but. Yeah, Because I do think that it's better that you have a therapist that's already working with him, and maybe she would incorporate some things with him, than to have to start all over with something completely the whole of the therapy. And that'd be the only therapy that you want to do. And that's just not how I work. And then she's gonna bring him for an hour. It was like an hour away to the office. Well, she really got you. She got you fired up. Yeah, I know. She. I know. Don't even waste your little pretty head about this woman. Don't even. I'm telling you, she's. She's. Jesus. Sick as the kid. And I mean, Dr. Schwartz wrote. It's funny. He wrote in his assessment about the kid, the kid is rule bound. The mother is rule bound. The mother said, I need exposure therapy, and she's rule bound. He said, the kid is rule bound. So where do you think the kid gets it from? You can't deal with him because the rules that he on is not the rules that she's on. That's what she can't handle. Yeah, I didn't like her. I. I remember when she was asking for all these things, and I said, what insurance do you have? I said, is it Medicaid? And she. Of course, she was a little embarrassed. She does have nerve. You damn right she has. Not claiming pain. Yeah, she does have. She's got nerves. She's. Nobody takes my insurance. No. Okay, so let me just tell you what happened. So I had a meeting with. With all the Jewish men. I love being with the Jewish men. I yell, I scream. I just. Jacob laughs at me. Jacob loves me. He laughs at me. I said, I'm here to help Jacob, whatever it takes. We got to get this right for Jacob because, you know, you. We're letting him down this. And I just tell him all this. And then. And then I said, well, why the hell you doing Pure Mind LLC and Michael Hargrove MDPL? What happened to Hygiea? We have 10 years of equity in this name. What is wrong? Because I. I'm investing that because Hygie is this female goddess of health and healing. Yeah, that's my thing. That was. I was for women power. So keep. They don't even know keep Hygiea. What are you doing? So I got. Convinced them to keep iga, I hope. I think I did. And then Fishel was so stupid. He was like, but we don't own ig. I said, fisto, you idiot. Jacob bought Nigeria. That was the only thing he did, like five minutes. But we don't own Hijack. And then Jacob's like, official. Shut up, shut up, shut up, shut up. I'm like, we all. This is a. This is the guy remember who eliminated your email. He's a. He's an idiot, actually. I'm going to quit because. Official. And then Fischer muted. He had a temper tantrum. He muted, muted his sound and started listening to some other. I don't know what, something. And. And they realized, like, they went with a different name because officials said it. Jacob's gotta stop letting Fish. Will do. He needs to just let me do it, like, leave anyway, so we're gonna. Hopefully, we're gonna keep the office. We're gonna try to buy another office down the hall. We're gonna keep the name Hygeia. Oh, you did your thing. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. So I was, like, yelling. I was like, you guys are crazy. Crazy. That meeting was awful. What was wrong with you? I was like, oh, yeah, they were terrible. Jesus. And it's because of official. So anyway, we're still on track because they. I was doing some research last night. They do need. They need mental health clinics. There's never enough. There's never enough. And then. And they need to focus on children and adolescents in that area. Children and adolescents and dual diagnosis. There's so many people illicitly or legally or. Or through pill prescribed prescription pills, doing, dipping and dabbing in all kinds of substance dependence, substance abuse. Substance use. Yeah, Substance use. Other problems. Yep. Right. And I'm like, that's what you just. Just look at the research. See what the county says that they need. See where the gaps of search service are. These people don't even know how to begin a basic marketing. You satisfy the need. Yes. You're always gonna. You have the. You have the statistics to research. It's not just, oh, let me come in here and do therapy. It's. Let me consider all things. Right. What. What is it that they need? And what we. What we want to do and what we need, they line up. They need to just get these Jewish people. I don't know. They just need to get them out of the equation. So we're back in the running, I think. Yeah. I mean. Oh. But there is one kind of interesting thing, and I see what the issue is why I could never. Or why I would never do this. You need a year's worth. You need to prove that you have a year's worth of money to cover the entire operations because Medicaid may not pay for till year two, because they want to make sure that the business is solvent, that they're doing the right thing thing, and blah, blah, blah. And I was like, damn, they gotta have a year's worth of. That's at least a million dollars. Yeah. Yes. But the Jews have it. I guess they figure they could just have the money and then do the work on the back end. Maybe that's. They thought they could lead with that. What do you mean, the Jews? But they know. They know how this works. They know that. Yeah, they do. No, they were terrible to me. They didn't know what they do, but they know how other article. Article 31s were. They just don't have their ducks in a row. They don't sit down, they don't think. They're always rushing, but like this phonetic. Anxious, like adhd. Just like. Just doing a million things. Officials on the phone. He's on the wrong link. He had to find the right link. He's on the phone. It's just. It's just like, oh, God. The way they operate. He's got ADHD. He's completely off. He's got ADHD. He'S completely off. Jacob needs to leave his ass alone. But there's some connection that he has with him. I don't know. They're all in the, you know, bond band and brother. But anyway, yeah, anyway. Let me go to my client. I have. So, Abe, I. I think we got rid of Antoinette, but she's blocked from everything. So hopefully we don't get some, like, call from the state, like, patient abuser. You don't think she'll go that. But I am a little worried about her if she don't come back to haunt me. That's what they do, though. That's the feeling that they leave you with. That's what you want. That's how. Little anxiety because you think, like, you're going to be haunted or gonna come to you. Attack you with some kind of other. That's exactly how you feel. Breathing down. Something. And then. Yeah, but I. I didn't tell you about the woman. I'm gonna tell you this real quick. I think I did tell you. I got this really interesting case of this girl, this black girl that was, like, in her mid to late 20s. Her mom was a Harvard MBA. The uncle was the director for 12 years. A slave. The mother. Did I tell you about the story? The mother was so borderline. She was so. She wrote the state on me. I never even responded. I should have responded, but I never responded. There was so much wrong about that case. First of all, where was the patient? The mother didn't want to follow up with the intake process, give all the paperwork and the credit card. Where was the. The patient was nowhere to be seen. The mother was in Wisconsin. This is another reason why I don't want to. Why am I talking to the mother and doing a session in Wisconsin? I can't even bill for it. It was, like, completely ridiculous. The. The daughter was. And the only diagnosis that came in from Northern Westchester, one diagnosis, borderline personality disorder. You're usually not d. You're usually not admitted in the hospital for a week for just borderline personality disorder. I was like, wow. I was like. I wrote the social worker. And somehow, stupidly, the mother got CC Darn. I was like, is the motherboard line. Because I wasn't the first therapist. I was like the third therapist. But let me tell you something. There's many reasons why I would have been perfect for this girl had the girl been in the session. Number one, I went to Fordham undergrad. The daughter went to Fordham undergrad. I used to live in Wisconsin. The mother is from. Born and raised in Wisconsin and was still living in her father's house from time to time. She also had a house in Chappaqua. Her mother had an MBA from. From. From Harvard. I have an MBA from Northwestern. Like, there was so much that I could connect to this woman, but she pissed me off thinking that who is she? And she wrote. Wanted me to. She wrote the state, the office of professional whatever. Wanted me to apologize to her. That's basically. The mother was so borderline. It was so crazy anyway. She was really crazy. I don't like borderline patients. I don't want to treat that. But that is one of the things that we need to. We're going to have to treat when we do the clinic or when they do the clinic. I'm not doing. Yeah. And those you need. They need to get therapists who really specialize. Like, not dab. But that's hard for. First of all, I. You need to. You need to pay a lot of money to deal with them. You have to have a lot of patience with them. They're a lot of work. And it's not like a 30 minute, you know, like therapy check in session. So I don't know. We'll. We'll. Whatever. It's. A year from now, I think we're just gonna have to work on doing our thing in the box, Right? Of course, World War II. And they're running from the. Like, that's how they. That's. I mean, that's a bad joke. That's just how they operate. Like, they always. That's funny. They're overly explaining things. Don't. Don't. If you do this, like, make sure. I know. I. Oh, that's so funny. Was so funny. All right, let me call this poor woman. All right, I'll talk to you later. Bye. All right, bye. Paul aldina kennedy. What's happening? Wait, what's happening? Pull out. Dina kennedy, cell. Reach has a voicemail box that has not been set up yet. Please try your call again. Paul Jeff Walden. Next. Here with me now is Cincinnati Mayor Akdav Pureval, who is in town for that conference of mayors. Thank you so much for being here. Talk about the kinds of conversations that you're having with your counterparts about. Yeah, the conversation we'll have is consistent with Mayor Price warning and message urgency. And that is really concerned about the fear and the terror that many of our immigrants and just frankly cities are experiencing, experiencing right now. You know what? Mayors across the country really look at this issue not as an immigration issue, but as public safety issue. Public safety is a hyper local issue led by mayors and police chiefs and communities. And communities decide how they want to be policed. And we take that very seriously. We work very hard with training our officers, with pushing reforms that strengthen our response, but also strengthen the trust of our community. In fact, 25 years ago, we were one of the first cities to say that. After 24 hours of a critical incident, we will hold a press conference, we will publish the body cam footage and we will have real accountability. What we're seeing now from the federal government is a surge of federal agents who are masked with no body cam footage, using tactics from the 1950s that are viable. No accountability, and that will never work. Cities for the last couple of decades have rejected those kinds of strategies. And it just creates more public safety concerns that it actually solves. So you're describing the way that your city and local police forces operate. Obviously what the federal government is saying is that they're going after people who will federal laws, immigration laws, what they're, what they're actually saying. But what I've heard them say is that they want to focus on the violent offenders. And that's not what's happening. When you come out and say that. Trying to massacre federal agents with no evidence and now calling them insurgents again with no evidence, erode that trust. And what mayors are about, not just that they may be next. And also. You want something else to eat? Come here. Come here. You're hungry, baby, huh? Is so critically important time recruiting people to be police officers around the country and we're having a hard time keeping people from retiring. And this, this, this view of federal ICE agents using these violent tactics, the only thing makes that worse and only going to be harder to preserve public safety in our community. Cincinnati is a so called sanctuary city. So what are things like there now given the fact that you have given protections to people in the city, but the federal government, it doesn't like that. Yeah, it's challenging to be sure, but how is it actually playing out you know, look, Dan, we have a 3% aging population, a 3% Hispanic population. In order for us to continue to be a driver of not just national economy, Economy, but also potentially the global economy. We've got to be a welcoming city to create more urgent, excuse me, more vibrancy. Our system, first time generation and when you look at the data, a lot of that growth is due to inspiration and we want that, we want people to come and stay in Cincinnati. In addition to that, we don't have an undocumented immigrant problem. In my community. We have a gun violence. And so if this administration was serious about gun violence and public safety, they wouldn't divert resources from ATL to ice. They would take that violence really to. So my direction to my administration is we're going to focus on what we are responsible for mitigating the ties this gun violence, particularly amongst juveniles. We have no role in immigration enforcement. We don't have the management resources to do it and it's not frankly our role to do it. So going to continue to focus on creating public safety preservation and are briefly continuing to work urgently with public presidents. Push back on what we see as part of the tactics that make our cities less safe in Minneapolis and potentially in other cities. Moving forward real quick, what is the kind of conversation, collaboration, coordination, you tell me which word applies that you have with federal law enforcement? And we have, we have incredible collaboration with many federal law enforcement. Not on this immigration issue. Not on this immigration issue. The first city to have a crime gun intelligence center, which is a, a joint force. And the concern here is not just for Democratic mayors. This is a bipartisan force of mayors, including Republican mayor, saying this is not okay, this is not. Yes or no. Do you think that gets pushed by Lindsay Brown in the Senate to do away with sanctuary cities is going to fly? It's hard for me to say I'm, I'm, I'm just a little. But what I can say is regardless of, of rhetoric or what, we all hear this about keeping our community safe and we need to take a page out of the mayor's books. They do the hard work to create the trust in the first place to elasticate of local laws and potentially federal laws would be safe and effective. Mayor of Cincinnati, thank you. Preval. Pureval Purval. All right. With a name like Jenna, I'm sure you get that all the time. Yeah, but you said it right, which is very impressive. Thank you so much. Up next, Scandals President Fitzgerald Grant is back in Washington. We have a special Inside Politics debut. It's Empire 50, 50, 50. Up to 50% off. Up to 50% off. That's right. Up to 50%. You can send thousands. Don't miss Empire's 50, 50, 50 single and save. Up to 50% off select styles and carpet and forum and to 50% off pattern and materials. Up to 50% off installation. Visit empire today.com or call or text. So you need a passenger. You could go to the old R or spend hours spending. Is how. How was the. How was the. How was the. Did you have a colonoscopy? No stress, no wasted time. The easy way with gut Neon. Love to run, but diabetes. Then we got Dexcom G7. Now we can both make sure she's staying in range with that finger sticks. Mia's learned so much about managing her diabetes. What she's able to do cross country this year, she wants to be the. I think she can do anything. I know I can. Yeah, it's not that big of a deal, right? At all. Like, I asked them. Hey, do you think we can order some lunch for me? Yeah. I was hungry, but all I could eat, though, was, like, ice water. Oh, really? Yeah, I went in with, like, a little cold. When I woke up, I had a fever. Oh, yeah. Oh, that's nasty. That's my own fault, though, because I was sick already. So I think you just made it more my immune system. Like, pretty much. Pretty much. Wow, that's. That's not good. So where'd you do that at? At Phelps. Okay, At Phelps. Where did I do it at? Did I do it at Phelps? I may have done it Phelps as well. Yeah, that's where I would be getting my surgery. Oh, at Phelps? Yeah. What else is going on? How's your daughter doing? She's good. She just turned seven on last week on Friday. Oh, my goodness. Seven. She's that big. Wow. I know. So her father doesn't have any involvement with her. He's a piece of. Oh, I'll tell you this. So I served him papers right through the mail. We had court on Wednesday. I think me and him had court. It's not like the judge wanted him to come in person. It was just for virtual. I served him and all that, but because he's in a different state, he didn't have. The judge doesn't have jurisdiction right now. He didn't show up to court. I'm not surprised. So what do they do? And now it got pushed out again until May. Oh, are you happy? About what? Wait, what is this for Custody? Child support. Child support. Why are we pushing it out again? This is the fourth time we're pushing it. Yeah. Why don't they just say, well, did he provide the paperwork saying how much money he makes so that he didn't fill anything out and he skips court? Why don't they put it in a warrant out for his arrest then? That's my issue. Because if that was me, they would have done that. So now they want me to get, like, a piece of paper notarized and all that. Now to when he. When I serve him, and I'm like, yo, this is so much work. I don't have money for that. You. You go with a lawyer. I'm gonna try to contact my lawyer, my family attorney. She does not answer, though, at all. Wait a minute. You don't make enough. You don't make a lot of money. Can't you have a court appointed person? Yeah, I have a court appointed one. But she don't answer me. But it's just so annoying having to, like, do all this just to get child support meanwhile. And then this is why I get angry. And then there's people that really don't need, like, anything, and they get all this help all the time, and then I'm over here, like, struggling, and they are not helping me. That's up. They're not helping you, are they? Nope.