Emily Kaiser: Hey Sarah.
Sarah Ransom: Oh hi how are you good how are you?
Emily Kaiser: Thank you thank you for jumping on. Me see. You just saw it's early where you are are you in your where are you exactly?
Sarah Ransom: In Las Vegas?
Emily Kaiser: Oh okay very cool. Yeah. Nice. Okay, so just to kind of get started. I would love to kind of hear a little bit about your practice I understand that you are interested in jot start I guess can can we start with how familiar are you with jot psych?
Sarah Ransom: I've been using it for. Like three years.
Emily Kaiser: Okay cool perfect very familiar with the system and you may have noticed that we have lots of new features rolling out. Just to kind of give you a little bit of the why behind all of the. Changes that you're seeing is basically just we are hearing from clinicians that there is such a need for. So many different systems these days to kind of keep up in the behavioral health space as far as billing and the AI scribe and the note taking and that all of prescribing the EHR in itself. So JotSec is working on being a one stop shop for clinicians like yourself. And Jot start is kind of at the forefront of that. I would love to hear a little bit more about your day to day and where you're currently at in your practice and really kind of figure out how I can tailor the demo to best suit you.
Sarah Ransom: So I'm in a group practice right now but I'm thinking obviously about possibly branching out. During my own practice so obviously I think my questions pertain to the credentialing how long does it take?
Emily Kaiser: Okay perfect great to know so are you it sounds like a long term goal to move to your own practice have you started any part of that transition at all or just kind of a thought process down the line?
Sarah Ransom: No, I haven't.
Emily Kaiser: Okay. Okay perfect so what jot start is over here here you are okay sorry I have two screens going what jot start is basically is jot site and jot cred bundled together so you do have the ability to kind of do these separately jot site is basically building your custom website in your voice and you have scheduling and insurance display built in and that's delivered within one to three weeks the embedded calendar goes directly to Jot psych if that is I mean you're using job psych right now as a customer so your website basically would have an embedded calendar and that would bring all of your clients to schedule and that would find or that would follow up on your JotSite calendar so you can kind of manage everything from there. Now drop cred is basically credentialing I know you kind of understand that but on a higher level with jot psych portion of it is basically we handle all of your set setup as far as CAQH payer applications and follow up on a 14 day cadence. Any questions there?
Sarah Ransom: How many. Insurances are you credentialing in Nevada?
Emily Kaiser: In Nevada specifically I would have to get back to you but I know that we our credentialed with all of the major payers as well as 3,000 others so I don't think that we should have an issue as far as meeting you know specific needs to Nevada but I would love to give you a better answer so let me get back to you on that one if that's okay.
Sarah Ransom: Now.
Emily Kaiser: Do you know what your main payers are or what your mix is right now.
Sarah Ransom: Yeah, but I want to see obviously which ones are you covering?
Emily Kaiser: Yeah let me see if I can pull up. My screen here.
Sarah Ransom: And then you said it takes 14 days to credential.
Emily Kaiser: So we follow up with payers insurances on a 14 day basis and just kind of keep everything updated and then that way we're updating you and everything is up front and simple.
Sarah Ransom: Okay, so if you cannot credential with the insurance are you still going to charge for that insurance
Emily Kaiser: no no you're only being charged for whatever payer you are putting on your business?
Sarah Ransom: Okay.
Emily Kaiser: See here i'm having trouble sharing my screen. Have you been to the jot start website yet.
Sarah Ransom: Not yet.
Emily Kaiser: Okay let me share this. Okay can you see this? Perfect so this is just explaining jot start in a nutshell basically again jot site it's a bundle so jot site is your website jot cred is your players you do have the ability to drop take because we're making so many changes you have the ability to kind of customize whatever pricing or package we want to put together based off your needs. But this is kind of a timeline of how jot start is working right now. So kickoff call typically during well this is kind of a kickoff call and a sense of giving you more information decide if it is a good fit for you but if it is a good fit for you we would do an additional call or we could even do it now if you had time and you wanted to go forth with it it's basically a few interview questions so if we're building your website we can kind of get a feel for your practice and a feel for the way you do things and the way you want to approach things and then we kind of build the website from there.
Sarah Ransom: And then are you guys advertising for patients for us or no
Emily Kaiser: so we do not handle advertising as far as I know some other third parties do advertising like putting your name out there to draw in clients for you jot sake does not do that at this time.
Sarah Ransom: Okay. And then how does this compare to say ruler Aetna or headway or something?
Emily Kaiser: So from my understanding a third party like headway or grow or something along those lines they take a pretty large chunk of your revenue when it comes to you know their their pairing you with certain payers but then you do the appointment and then they're taking a large chunk out of the money that comes in from that and then you're getting what's left over. Is that is that your understanding as well? Yeah so basically and then also another thing I should touch on is we're hearing with the third parties or we know what this these third parties that when your credential with headway say and then you leave headway you're no longer credentialed with those insurances or what those payers job psych or jot start what we're doing here is we are making it so clinicians are are independent or can be independent in the sense of you know you could just do jot site and that is just like building your website and then it's your website it's URL your name is on it job site is not a part of it same with the credentialing if you were to separate from jot psych at any point. After using these services you are completely credentialed with the payers that we've connected you with and you're not attached to jot psych the way you would still be attached to headway or grow I see I see so it's just like a more independent process really we're finding and we're getting a lot of feedback that clinicians need help building their practice and the two things blocking them from doing that is getting found online and getting credentialed with the payers so that is kind of where this thought process comes in just to see the fact we've received.
Sarah Ransom: So you're saying you fall up every two weeks with insurances but typically how long does it take to get credential to get credentialed?
Emily Kaiser: Let me see if I have a timeline here. So here is what you see as far as your cadet credentialing tracker. But let me get you. Some pricing which we will go over let me see if I can get you a better timeline. So basically you send us a few items five items including your license, DEA certificate insurances and PI numbers stuff like that. And then we do we verify everything that takes one to seven days and then we set up your CAQH that takes seven to 14 days and then we submit applications which is about 14 days. So that is where the 14 day cycle starts because that's where we're following up. We call the payer, we check the status, we respond to requests for additional information. Every touch point logged with date, name and reference number so everything's nice and organized. And then if you want to have us do the ongoing maintenance we can do that as well. As like the attestation every 120 days license renewal tracking and stuff like that.
Sarah Ransom: Because I know most places if you want to prescribe controlled substances you need a physical address. Not linked to your home address or anything. So would we need that?
Emily Kaiser: I don't believe I'm not 100% sure how that that happens internally just to be transparent but I don't believe that that would be a problem because with jot psych are you currently using the prescribing feature. No. Okay well with JOTSEC I don't know if you've seen that new feature but you can prescribe directly in the chart now with Job Psych and you are able to prescribe controlled substances. So I do believe that that should be a problem as far as a physical address, but that is kind of where our, you know, we are obviously an AI scribe company, but that's where our human team kind of comes in and we're checking and validating all of those checks and balances between you and the insurance company and us and we will be communicating if there's any missing information or anything that is needed to move forward any blockage.
Sarah Ransom: Okay.
Emily Kaiser: Does that make sense?
Sarah Ransom: But do we still need a physical address?
Emily Kaiser: That is where I am just not 100% sure of how it works internally, but let me let me send a quick message and see if I can get you a quick answer. I just want to give you the right answer. It may be something I follow back up on with same things with that the payers out of Nevada. Let me see if I can get you a quick answer. So how long have you been in this line of work?
Sarah Ransom: Three years?
Emily Kaiser: Okay nice. Okay so I just sent that message hopefully we will hear back from Chris shortly. He's normally pretty quick. In the meantime let me scroll down and kind of share with you some pricing. Of how this typically works. But like I said Jot Psych is revolving in a few different directions now. So we have custom packages. We have, you know, packages that you can just kind of sign up for if you're looking for. More than what you're seeing here. I know your interest is specifically in JotStart, but I also know that you are already a Jot customer. So if you have any other questions about any of the other things that you've been noticing just let me know. So just to kind of break this down the pricing that you're seeing. So jot start basically if you wanted to do a one time build and just get your own personal professional website it is $99. You have the ability to host that on your own if you want to take care of that and just, you know, do the reoccurring maintenance and the fees or whatever it may be. If you do not want to host it, there is a $49 month. Charge for hosting that we can take over and do all of the maintenance and all of the upkeep essentially jot cred. It is $350 to get you credentialed as a provider and then to match you with each payer it's $300 from there.
Sarah Ransom: Like 15 insurances in Nevada and it's like $300 times 15.
Emily Kaiser: Yes essentially but it is completely up to you how you want to go about it. So a lot of people like to start with, you know. One to three payers based off your payer mix for your current customer base is how we basically look at it. So I think I have. Yes. Let me give you an example math just to kind of break it down. So say you want to be a credential with eight payers. It's 350 to set you up. Plus 300 times eight payers. So that's going to be let's see $2,750 total. Get you set up. And once the payer approves you. That's typically a payer represents three to nine K a month in billable revenue and you keep 100% of that. So once you get going and once you have. One to three payers, JotStart pays for itself essentially with the first payer approval.
Sarah Ransom: With the onboarding re-credentialing and maintenance. Can I do that myself or do I have to keep paying the 150 month?
Emily Kaiser: No you can definitely opt out of that.
Sarah Ransom: Got it. And then the $300 per pay error is not paid until we're accepted.
Emily Kaiser: Right correct until all the paperwork is done. Perfect. I guess while I'm still waiting for that answer for you and it may be something that I follow back up with.
Sarah Ransom: Right now so I have to hop off like which insurances you guys cover in
Emily Kaiser: Nevada yes absolutely and what we're doing actually is if you I could before you go schedule a follow up with you just to kind of break down all those things and put together next steps.
Emily Kaiser: Do you have any availability next week?
Sarah Ransom: Let's see.
Emily Kaiser: We could do as early as Monday we could do Tuesday. I know we have a time difference. I'm Eastern Standard so I could do Tuesday afternoon.
Sarah Ransom: Probably Wednesday morning Wednesday morning.
Sarah Ransom: Okay at like 9:30 my time PST okay.
Emily Kaiser: Okay so that would be let's see. Okay let me send you a follow up you'll receive something to your email. I know I don't want to keep you on the line while I do it. I know you got to go but thank you for your time and you'll see this follow up if you have any questions in the meantime you can email me.
Sarah Ransom: Okay perfect thank you.
Emily Kaiser: By.