michelle.lynn: Can you hear me?
Adam Harrison: I can.
michelle.lynn: How are you? Sorry, I had my speakers muted from an earlier meeting.
Adam Harrison: No problem. I am doing well. How's everything on your end?
michelle.lynn: Good. Busy.
Adam Harrison: Busy.
michelle.lynn: Yeah. That time of year.
Adam Harrison: That time, yeah.
michelle.lynn: Honestly.
Adam Harrison: What'd you say?
michelle.lynn: I said I don't think it's ever slow, to be honest with you.
Adam Harrison: No, I wouldn't imagine it would be.
michelle.lynn: How are things going for you guys?
Adam Harrison: Good. Very busy. Yeah, Lots. Lots going on. Moving things forward, which is exciting.
michelle.lynn: Yeah. I've seen some of your posts and seen some more things on Facebook.
Adam Harrison: Oh, yeah, it's always. Always something new. So, yeah, we have a few more kind of early customers that are. We're having conversations with about billing stuff. We're getting closer to kicking off with one. We're kind of like big baby stepping our way there. And so, yeah, I guess that's what I wanted to, like, discuss with you today is kind of helping us. Let me check my notes. Yeah. Two things I wanted to discuss. One was on handling the patient, part of the payments, and just all the stuff related to that. We're gonna. We're gonna handle those within job psych. We already have, like, the, you know, the system set up to be able to do that. And then. Yeah, I also wanted to kind of come back to our. Our friend that I was, you know, talking about with you last week who were trying to submit his old claims and. And yeah, have a few updates there. I think we're moving broadly in the right direction, but, you know, still. Still kind of like waiting on some things there. But, yeah, those are, like, the two things I was hoping to go through with you.
michelle.lynn: Sure.
Adam Harrison: So on the patient payment stuff, I guess two questions for you. One is like, you know, the responsibility for those, whether it's you versus your client, their front desk. I know. I think you've. Mention, like, your preferences for you to just like, own everything regarding, like collecting stuff. But curious to know, like, pros and cons of both approaches. Like, you know, are there some clients that do collect some on their own as well and has that work, has that like blown up in your face? And maybe that's like a good starting point is just division of responsibility.
michelle.lynn: So I have both. I have providers who collect their patient responsibility portions. However, they're not good at it. And a lot of that is because, you know, if their client comes in and, and gives them a sad story, they are more apt to let things go. Or the provider, you know, depending on who they have. If it's the front desk, generally the front desk will collect and there won't be any issues. If it is up to the provider to do the collecting, you will see the balances just climb and climb and climb. And then typically they will step in at the end of a year and be like, hey, can you help me collect all of this? You know, and so I start with like, you know, sending them a letter, which I always tell the providers that is not there to your clients to allow that balance to build and then expect them to pick it up at the end of a year. So I had a lot of providers who have then switched over. They're like, why don't you just handle it for me? But I always recommend to the provider, you know, your job is to provide therapy. Let me do the job of being the bad guy and saying, look, you know, you are responsible with your insurance. This is also a portion of the contract that the provider signs with the insurance company that says they will collect this from you. And usually I don't have any problems with that. But I do like to have to own that full process because it's easier if you know what's going on with it, when. If they have a deductible or a copay when that comes back from insurance to go in there and take care of it right then and try to go back and try to explain to them why they didn't get charged or why four or five services are being charged at one time. You know, you're dealing with people's money. It's very sensitive subject. And so, you know, it is. I like to own it all just so that I know what's going on, because I will step in and help with that process of collection. But I don't always like to be the bad guy. There's a point when you've been screamed at so many times that you want to just be like, hey, this isn't my fault, right?
Adam Harrison: So I guess in the case of the frame, Front desk, does that work? Obviously, you know, provider totally makes sense why that would be kind of a big mess. But front desk, when you have those setups, how has that gone?
michelle.lynn: So again, it will depend if the front desk, if the front desk person 100% is strong enough to say, nope, you know, you're responsible for this or if the company has a policy in effect that you know, like you can slide with one but the next time you'll be rescheduled. And they can enforce that it goes well. But sometimes the front desk people can be as the provider because they're face to face with that client. And you know, when the client, especially in behavioral health, when there is, you know, those moments or you know, when they're down, it's hard to say sorry, regardless, you have to pay this. I don't have to hear that over the, you know, over the phone. I don't have to see those facial expressions. And.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, okay, so sounds like it can work if it's a strong team.
michelle.lynn: Yep.
Adam Harrison: What about like timing of when this happens? You know, and maybe it depends on like if what their insurance looks like and all that. But is it normally like, hey, you come in for your visit either at the start of the visit or the end of the visit, you do your payment for that session, whether it's copay or you know, something else.
michelle.lynn: Yeah. So typically if the provider is the one running it or the front desk is, they will do it at the beginning or end of the session, you know, as a check in, checkout type thing. I'm not there, so I don't know that. So I run it at the end of the business day or the next morning. So I start billing for all of my companies at, starting at 2:30 in the morning.
michelle.lynn: So it is required from my companies that they all have their note in and documentation, calendars, all of that updated by the end of business. So when I go to bill, I can bill out the sessions because I know the client has attended the session. Or if it is a no, you know, a late cancel or a no show and they've updated their calendar, I can charge that fee correctly to them. It doesn't always work that way. I mean there I, there's many times that they still forget and I have to send a voided claim once it returns from insurance. Things happen.
Adam Harrison: Okay. So it's usually like either happening in your case when you're managing things, it's happening. Like within 24 hours of the visit?
michelle.lynn: Yep, within 24 hours.
Adam Harrison: What about in the case of like, is there ever, are there other situations where it's like, oh, we are going to wait to submit the claim and then see like what the coinsurance is or what the. Whether it applies to the deductible or not and then bill later or is that not really.
michelle.lynn: We generally do that with all new clients. If we, once we check eligibility, if we know that there's, you know, if they tell you that they're deductible, you know, sometimes there, they can't always say yes or no that the deductible applies to mental health. They'll just say, you know, there is a deductible. So in those cases we will bill the services. Out, out. And let the client know you may be responsible. Based on our contracted rate. This is, you know what, depending on what your insurance comes back as, this is what you would be responsible for.
michelle.lynn: But if your deductible doesn't apply and you have a CO insurance, this is what it is or this is what your CO pay is, you know, and I always, then, whenever I have to go that route, I always tell the client, you know, these are the CPT codes that we bill with. You're more than welcome to check with your insurance to see how they're going to cover it. And a lot of clients are okay with that.
Adam Harrison: Got it. Okay. And how often do those cases happen where you're not billing, like within 24 hours of the visit?
michelle.lynn: I would say maybe 5% of the clients. Yeah. Just because we do that with, sometimes with the new clients and sometimes that, that is like, I have one provider, she absolutely will not allow me to charge the client until we know 100% when the claim comes back from insurance what they're going to be responsible for. So, and, and that's typically what I tell all of the providers. I'm like, I'm going to bill how you want me to bill it. You know, some of them have had really bad luck where the clients have just come in glued, they've lost clients over insurance things. So I always tell them, I will bill how you want me to. If you want me to bill this. You know, the CO pays and then we can do refunds or, you know, how do you want me to do this?
Adam Harrison: Okay. And unlike co insurance, does that apply to like the, which. What's the, what's the number that the coinsurance applies to? Is it like what gets billed or is it what comes back from insurance contracted rate.
michelle.lynn: So, for instance, if they owe 10%, Per if they have a 20% CO insurance and the contracted rate is 109.97, they're going to owe 20% of that 109.97.
Adam Harrison: Okay, so it's dependent on the payer, not dependent on whatever your internal fee schedule is. Right.
Adam Harrison: It's your fee schedule with that pair.
Adam Harrison: Yep, got it. Okay. Okay. I think that's pretty clear. And so I guess we are kind of building our system from scratch, more or less. You know, and it's, you know, we don't have all the bells and whistles yet with like collecting payments. So essentially it's just like, you know, you can, we use. We integrate with stripe and so we. You can kind of like store a patient's credit card on file and then like charge, you know, through the JOT psych application and you know, you'll see like a log of what's like pending, what's outstanding and like the time stamp associated with it. We are working on getting it actually. So it's like tied to a specific appointment as opposed to just like a charge on a given date. Right. So I guess as you think about the different, you know, because you've used a lot of different software tools, approaches for this, like what have you found to work really well and what have you found as like kind of, you know, more cumbersome to work with, more curious if there's like a real best in class and why it makes your life really easy that you have a personal favorite.
michelle.lynn: So everything that I that I work with currently is tied also integrated with Stripe. So which is really nice. I would say one of the. So I think every session needs to be tied to the appointment service and then because you know, again, if it, if it's a CO insurance. Now here's the thing. If it depending on the plan, some plans, if they have a $30 copay, it doesn't matter the service it'll be. But there are also some plans out there that it's. The copay also depends upon the type of service that it is. You know, I have like in Washington, I have some that a 90837 it could be $18.04 for it, but a 90834 it's going to be different. And it's a copay, not a CO insurance. And then you also have some plans that have a CO insurance and a. Copay so they have to pay $30 copay plus 10 co insurance. So.
Adam Harrison: Interesting.
michelle.lynn: Yeah. So setting it up in the back end is really based upon what service code like and, and that's where some systems get really sticky. Like you can't set up, you know, a copay for every single service code. I mean you could but I mean that is a lot of work to get all of that, you know, to integrate and recognize and write off and do all of those things. But I mean you guys are the ones building it so maybe you can do it all.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, so, so what would be like ideal for you is I mean you do an eligibility check and then you get all the information on the patient cost share and then it's. Then you want to be able to input like hey, for 99214 it's $20 copay for maybe just therapy. It's co insurance plus a co pay or yes, like what's, how does that.
michelle.lynn: Normally that would be the most ideal because it's going to be the work behind end is going to be a lot less. However, you know, if you, if you were not able to do that you could at least put in where what the copay would be in general, which is basically how like most of simple practice works. We have a copay in general. They do have a CO insurance. I never put the CO insurance in there just because I don't trust the system to figure percentages as well. It can do a flat rate and I don't do any. I don't put anything in with the deductible. I don't even put in like if they have a $2,500 deductible, I don't put that in there because it doesn't deduct from that.
michelle.lynn: And it's never going to. Because if with behavioral health most of the time deductible applies to their medical as well.
Adam Harrison: Deductible is pretty rare. Right, right.
michelle.lynn: I mean, well, I mean you get a lot of plans that have deductible. But as far as whether it, it's not always going to apply just to mental health. It's going to apply to their medical as well. So if they have a big procedure that it can eat it up in one shot.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, yeah. Okay.
michelle.lynn: So really the copay is the most important in my opinion to be in there. And that's, that's generally once you know consecutively that a copay is being, you know, $30. If then if you have it on auto pay every time they have a session like you literally don't have to do any of the work. For that. It's going to go in, it's going to auto charge it and you're. You don't have all that work behind it.
Adam Harrison: Yep. Okay. Okay, that's helpful. I think that those are all my questions there. Great. And the other thing I wanted to talk about was. Yeah. Kind of coming back to this provider. We're helping kind of with his old claims.
michelle.lynn: Okay.
Adam Harrison: So we kind of have him. We're close to getting him set up, but we're not, you know, we're kind of waiting on him. Still do a couple things. But. What I'm trying to do is. Well, let me first. Just give me one second. I'm going to just log in so I can show you here. Sorry, one second.
michelle.lynn: Sure.
Adam Harrison: Okay. See, here we go. Let's go to reports. Let's go to. Where was it? It's billing report. This is everything from last year. So these are the ones that are ready for billing. Basically, as you can see, the earliest one is from July. So basically that kind of rules out all the commercial payers. Let me find my list here. But some of these are actually Medicare.
michelle.lynn: So what are the insurer, the commercial payers.
Adam Harrison: And I did check, he is in network with like at least United Anthem and Cigna. Medicare or Medicaid. He didn't show up in the CMS directory when I searched his mpi and I think it's because you're supposed to renew that every so often. And he let in California and he let that lapse, I think so I think it was active when he saw these patients, or at least I hope it was. But as of now, if you go look in like the CMS provider portal lookup for like, you know, if they do. If they're like Medicaid. So he probably didn't revalidate. Yeah. So he needs to call them and like figure out what the situation is. But I'm hoping that when he saw these patients he was like credentialed or whatever with cms. So if I look at a few of these. So I'll just show one example. So if we just look at Weston, see if I can actually see in here. So this is one. The insurance isn't included here. But if I click on her profile and I think the note. I think there is a note here. Let's see, where's the note? I think I have to go search her through a different. Look her up because the bill doesn't have the note. Well, the practice Setup is only 50%. All right, so I'll come into her. So these are. This is her insurance as of. This is just Zoc doc. So it was never like formally entered into here or validated, I'm assuming. So you can see it's Medicare.
michelle.lynn: Yep.
Adam Harrison: Which is good. And this is that the back, which is this like CMS thing. So I guess so that's. That's at least what I'm going to try to bill is based on this information.
michelle.lynn: Okay.
Adam Harrison: But let me go back to her profile and look at her encounters that are ready. Which was. I think it was look at the date or 7. 4. 7. Yeah. So let's see. Here is. So he has a note here.
michelle.lynn: Yep.
Adam Harrison: So that's good. So it is actually ready to bill with like a note behind it.
michelle.lynn: Mm.
Adam Harrison: But I guess my question is. Can I just try submitting this claim and just seeing what happens?
michelle.lynn: Yeah, yeah. And I, I think it's a good idea because even if it gets rejected then that it's going to extend your timely filing out to another 365 so that you can get, you can figure out what's going on with it and get it built.
Adam Harrison: Okay. So I'm just going to come back over here so I can, you know, kind of cobble together the information here from this super bill, plus the chart, plus the insurance screenshots.
Adam Harrison: I think it should have everything I need. We're using this clearinghouse called Steady, which we integrate with. Okay. So I'm just going to show what it looks like. This will, this will all be within job site, but for now I'm just doing it within their application.
michelle.lynn: Sure.
Adam Harrison: So yeah, I don't know. This is like, I guess the claim I would need to submit. Is this what it looks like for you when you, when you. I mean I'm assuming things are like pre filled more for you?
michelle.lynn: Yeah, it's definitely pre filled more. But yeah, this is, this is, I mean it's a little different but it's laid out pretty much like a 1500 claim form is.
Adam Harrison: Yep. Yeah, this is a 1500.
michelle.lynn: So it's just organized a little bit differently. Yeah, but I mean it still tells you where, where you got to put stuff.
michelle.lynn: You want me to help you fill this out?
Adam Harrison: What about this like 12 thing?
michelle.lynn: Patient or authors, authorized person, person's signature. So that is usually marked as yes and then it says author or signature on file.
Adam Harrison: Okay, got it. Okay. So I will probably try to just fill this out to the best of my ability and I'm sure I will get maybe some of it wrong. But, but that's, that's what I'm planning to do. But I guess my question is like we're going to submit this, it's going to go off into the abyss. Right. And then are there other things I need to set up to make sure I can like track the status of this and know when the payments are posted? I still haven't been able to get in touch with his prior biller. Biller.
michelle.lynn: So it depends on what Steady has as far as how it's going to come back.
michelle.lynn: Yeah, most Medicare's you have to have a portal like for a lot of the east coast it's so like Florida is. Spot. Where's he out of? Oh, California. I can't. I think California is Neridian and they have their own portal that you have to sign up for in order to get like the eobs from them. So the best way to figure out which one it is is to look up which jurisdiction. Jurisdiction? Yeah, that word. Jurisdiction. California Medicare is in. I want to say it's possibly H. That could be Wyoming. That I'm thinking of too.
Adam Harrison: It looks like E.
michelle.lynn: Oh, E.
Adam Harrison: Yep, you're right. Meridian.
michelle.lynn: Is it Meridian. So yeah, so he. You'll want to see if he has any kind of a portal because that's how they would have had to have credentialed too. And then you go in there and you set up everything in Noridian which will give you the EOBs. Medicare is a lot different than some of the others, but hopefully you can get the information on payments and stuff right from Steady.
Adam Harrison: Oh, so but if not, we need to do this whole Meridian thing, correct? Okay.
michelle.lynn: Yeah. Medicares are very, very, very difficult sometimes to get the information from unless you have those portals.
Adam Harrison: So what's like ERA or eft? What, what is that?
michelle.lynn: So the ERA is the payment coming back from the clearinghouse and posting into the system. The EFT is the electronic funds transfer from the banks. The ERA is the electronic remittance advice which comes back. But again, it would has to be whether or not Steady is aligned with that insurance company for it to come back.
Adam Harrison: Okay. So usually is there. And with these like clearinghouses, is there something that you have to do or your provider has to do to get that set up? Or it's more like yes. Does Simple Practice participate in the ERA EFT thing?
michelle.lynn: Yep. So yes. So it does depend on whether like Simple Practice participates. But then we have to go in the back end and we have to fill out a form to get it linked to a client. Like, you can't just assign sign up for every ERA and then never have a client. That's just too much information. So in order for us to get a Blue Cross Blue Shield of Colorado, we have to have a Blue Cross Blue Shield client to link it to so that it knows, you know when it comes in where it's going to attach to.
Adam Harrison: You mean client or. Patient same.
michelle.lynn: I call them clients in behavioral health.
Adam Harrison: Okay, got it. So I guess maybe would that be enrollments?
Adam Harrison: I don't know. Still learning this platform.
michelle.lynn: Yes.
Adam Harrison: This is just.
michelle.lynn: Yep. So the enrollments there no claims. Yep. So he's. It looks like he's enrolled for professional claims for Medicare B.
Adam Harrison: This is all just like kind of test data.
michelle.lynn: Oh, okay.
Adam Harrison: We'd have to do. We'd have to look up. Okay. But this is all we would do here is just like put in his provider npi, you know, the payer I guess for what would I do for Medicare?
michelle.lynn: So it's going to be Medicare B.
Adam Harrison: Medicare B.
michelle.lynn: Yep.
Adam Harrison: Okay.
Adam Harrison: So California, there's Northern and Southern. Interesting. Southern California. Oh, there's also a.
michelle.lynn: Yeah. So A is for hospital. So you want B4.
Adam Harrison: Okay.
michelle.lynn: And then.
Adam Harrison: Then it seems like we should get all the information within here and we wouldn't need.
michelle.lynn: And sometimes it takes a while for approval.
michelle.lynn: Sometimes it can be four to six weeks for approval.
Adam Harrison: Oh, really?
michelle.lynn: Yeah.
Adam Harrison: Lovely. But we can still submit and that this doesn't sometimes.
michelle.lynn: Now there are some programs that until you are enrolled, you cannot submit either.
Adam Harrison: Okay.
michelle.lynn: But you can always do. You can always print it out and do a paper. Paper claim too if you want to get it in there before the timely filing.
Adam Harrison: I am going to do my best to avoid doing that. But it's good to know that is always an option.
michelle.lynn: Yes, it is.
Adam Harrison: Okay, cool. I think this is, you know, this is helpful. I think. I think I have what I need here and we can start getting these submitted at least
michelle.lynn: just do you know if the patient has a secondary insurance?
Adam Harrison: Oh, I have no idea.
michelle.lynn: Because with Medicare if you don't fill the claim form out the correct way and put. If they have a secondary. You don't put the secondary in there. Or if depending on the Medicare too, you sometimes have to put none in the box.
michelle.lynn: Okay, what box? None goes in.
Adam Harrison: I mean, I don't even know for sure I have a ZOC doc insurance card. You know, that's kind of the level of certainty I'm operating under with for this.
michelle.lynn: Well, that was, that was a true traditional Medicare card. So I think you're good on that. But there was no other insurance in there.
Adam Harrison: This card also is dated as starting in 2017.
michelle.lynn: Yeah, they don't ever renew them for Medicare. That's like a Social Security card.
Adam Harrison: Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
michelle.lynn: Okay, let me see here. If you. On the claims form. So in box 11, if they don't have a secondary, you have to put none.
Adam Harrison: Okay.
michelle.lynn: And I should probably.
Adam Harrison: I should probably just put none because I'm assuming what she probably doesn't like, the odds are none. Right, right. I'm just playing the odds here.
michelle.lynn: Right. Yeah.
Adam Harrison: Like how common is that for medic Medicare?
michelle.lynn: Most Medicare patients do have secondaries.
Adam Harrison: Oh, really?
michelle.lynn: Yeah, most of them do just because find that out. So really you're only going to know one card or two if when it comes back it says, you know, the, when the EOB comes back, it says that they had a secondary and it was crossed over to the secondary.
Adam Harrison: Okay, so I should probably just submit and say none and just move on with life and figure it out when it comes back.
michelle.lynn: Yep.
Adam Harrison: Okay. Okay. And what happens if it's secondary?
michelle.lynn: So if it's secondary, most of the time Medicare will cross over, which means they to the secondary payer. And there's nothing that you have to do. The secondary payer will just pay. If it's not one that they cross over, it's going to come back and the patient responsibility is going to show because most in traditional Medicare is an 8020 policy. So the client is responsible for 20% of that and that will come back as they're responsible. And then if they have a secondary, you would create a secondary claim which you would have to include an EOB on to submit so that you can get paid from the secondary.
Adam Harrison: Got it. Okay. Cross that bridge when we get there, I guess.
michelle.lynn: Yes.
Adam Harrison: Awesome.
michelle.lynn: Those are always ones that we find out about afterwards.
Adam Harrison: Yeah. Okay. So we also have another client in a similar situation who has like 80 or so on, you know, claims from January that he hasn't submitted. I haven't gotten into the details there yet, but just what would you guess? Like how long would it take? How long would you expect it to take someone to file 80 claims? Is that like a super quick thing, kind of a long thing? Is it like how many hours roughly, is that?
michelle.lynn: So it depends on, I mean, how it's set up in the system. If I typically can submit 80 claims in 30 to 45 minutes, if everything is set up, and that is looking at every one of them to make sure the correct modifier is there. Because a lot of times I have providers that will think they know what they're doing and so they'll change my modifiers around and I have to go in and make that correction before I submit claims.
michelle.lynn: Okay, so if it's set up, I mean typically. And when I say set up, I mean all the demographics, the insurance, everything is in the system that populates onto your claim.
Adam Harrison: Okay, so you would be saying like the thing we were looking at before is all basically pre filled, pre filled and you're just validating and checking.
michelle.lynn: Yep.
Adam Harrison: And what are the main things that you, what are, like, what's kind of your process for, like your audit process? If, if I work those out.
michelle.lynn: So I just, I really, I check to make for sure all of my boxes are filled. Make for sure that. So obviously the insurance name, the payer, the, the ID is there. And then I, I always check the first and last name. You know, I have one that they put little symbols in their account and so I have to go in and remove their little symbols all the time because it'll reject a claim. Make for sure the date of birth that the correct sex is selected. You know, all of the things in the back end of it that should auto, auto fill, I glance over them to make for sure that all of that is in there. Everything's marked yes or no like it's supposed to be. And then the main thing that I check is the diagnosis because sometimes there's a non billable diagnosis in there that you have to remove from and then the date, make sure the units are correct. The dollar amount adds up and the modifiers are there. And then I submit it. Sometimes you have to make changes depending on how they're credentialed. Maybe you have to switch it from the organization to the individual and update the npi. You know, it just depends. Some systems don't allow for, you know, to have two NPIs or two. They'll allow the rendering and the billing NPI, but it doesn't allow you to make a selection anywhere in the actual bill other than from organization. So hopefully you have all that information right there to switch it around if you need to.
Adam Harrison: Got it, got it. And so for this, this is like a solo provider. I'm assuming I'm gonna do his. This is an individual MPI or. Yeah, or organization.
michelle.lynn: Well, it there again, it depends on how he was credentialed. Because if he was credentialed under, like if he has a name of his company, a lot of times they can be credentialed under their company npi, which then would be considered organization.
Adam Harrison: Okay, so I probably need to ask him that. Right? I.
michelle.lynn: You know, because I probably even get that right off of your super bill.
Adam Harrison: Okay, let me look at that quickly. So does this mean.
michelle.lynn: So that he's the rendering provider, place of service? So I would imagine because it's got a, it's a facility. So I would imagine that he has that. It was probably credentialed under Kudos Mental Health. And then he's the rendering provider. So you would probably do his NPI as the rendering and then the billing NPI is going to be in the Kudos Mental Health.
Adam Harrison: I think it looks like the same. Well, I don't know if Kudos has a separate npi and they might not.
michelle.lynn: It depends. He may have done the credentialing that way and then you don't have to worry about it. You, you would just put it in there under the organization because it's going to matter by the name.
Adam Harrison: I know this is like what his organization is called.
michelle.lynn: Okay. So that, what that's going to go under the organization name. And then in box 33, you would put the NPI, but then you would still have him as the rendering with that npi. And if it kicks back and tells you that that's not the correct npi, then he obviously has a different one. Have you looked on the NPPs to see.
michelle.lynn: If kudos has its own.
Adam Harrison: No, I'll check that. I can check.
michelle.lynn: Okay.
Adam Harrison: Okay. But that's, you know, these are good, good things to keep in mind. Okay. Yeah, I think this, this should be fairly straightforward otherwise. So some of these things like 10.
michelle.lynn: Yep. So those are generally always listed as. So. Because we don't do anything that involves.
Adam Harrison: Right.
michelle.lynn: You know, like workman's comp, anything like that. So those are usually always auto populated to a no.
Adam Harrison: Okay. But it looks like some of these are required because this like red dot.
michelle.lynn: Yes.
Adam Harrison: Yep. And so things like insured address or other claim ID and can I just leave some of these blank if it's not required?
michelle.lynn: Yep. So you would leave everything blank that is not required with the exception of like in box 11. See this is lined up. Yes. So that there is where if they have a secondary, you're going to put in there their secondary policy information or you're going to put none there.
Adam Harrison: This is where none goes.
michelle.lynn: Yes.
Adam Harrison: Okay. Otherwise it will get denied.
Adam Harrison: Yes, very good to know. Okay. Like this blank, blank, blank, blank, blank. Right. I'm.
michelle.lynn: Yep.
Adam Harrison: Okay. Okay. That actually cuts it down like quite a bit.
michelle.lynn: It does, yeah. They're. They're real easy to fill out, honestly, when. Once you get in there and get, get the information.
Adam Harrison: Okay. This is not, you know, at first when I opened this I was like, oh my God. But it's actually fine.
michelle.lynn: Yeah, it's not bad at all.
Adam Harrison: Okay. All right. Very cool. This is awesome, Michelle. I. We'll keep you posted. Hopefully by the time we talk next week. I've actually done something so, and submitted something, so.
michelle.lynn: Well, let me know if you need help filling it out. I'll. I can jump on a call and help you go through one.
Adam Harrison: All right, well, thank you. Yeah, I'll. We're still getting him like in the system here, so hopefully we. I can do that with him tomorrow and then submit stuff, you know, pretty, pretty quickly thereafter. But yeah, I will definitely let you know and I thank you. I really appreciate all the continued support here.
michelle.lynn: Yeah, absolutely. Was good to talk to you.
Adam Harrison: All right, thanks, Michelle.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, take care. Bye.
michelle.lynn: Bye.