Jackson Bierfeldt: Understanding if we could serve you. Hello. Hi. Dan.
Dan Beall: Hey. Jackson.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Nice to meet you.
Dan Beall: You too.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Thanks for taking the time today. So I. We don't have that much time. I unfortunately have like a bunch of back to back. So I'm just going to kind of get right into it and how I want to use the time is basically little speed dating session. I want to get to know you a little bit and you know, ask you a couple questions. Then make sure that you can also ask some things and we can see if there's a good match and if we want to continue from here. Sound good?
Dan Beall: Sounds like the plan.
Jackson Bierfeldt: All right, awesome. So the first thing I want to know is just when you first encountered jhotsych, what was it about us and the opportunity that was exciting enough for you to want to go ahead and throw your hat in the ring?
Dan Beall: Yeah, so I found this job posting on. I think it was like tech jobs for good. And so especially after my own startup failed, I think I want to do something that makes an impact in the world and, and you know, I have struggles with my own mental health, you know, going to psychiatrists, you know, so. So I thought that this is a good, good job opportunity and, and I have a lot of a skill set that matches it. I was at Twilio for, for three years, voice intelligence team. So that was processing, you know, a lot of audio and turning it in transcripts, running different AI operators on that so that directly translates.
Jackson Bierfeldt: So yeah, that's awesome. Can you work your connections at Twilio and tell them that our RCS approval is still lagging? I know you can't do. It's frustrating. We submitted that like four months ago and I'm like oh my gosh, why is it taking start? But anyway, neither here nor there. Great. So yeah, why don't you just tell me a little bit about your star efforts that you were working on.
Dan Beall: Yeah, so I was trying to build a startup backboost AI and so we kind of pivoted too many times. Initially we're trying to do like a search engine optimization but we realized we didn't really have the background for that and we pivoted into trying to build like a fine tuning utility. Basically we would get like scrapes of the entire Internet through common crawl and then the hope was you could like plug in a website. Say like say you're trying to build a Darth Vader LLM. You know, that's the character of Darth Vader. You can pull in all of the Wikipedia and then make fine tunings based on the. The wicked based on the. The wiki. So, but. But that never really got off the ground because we were struggling to raise funding. We got to, like, the third call with some venture capitalists, but we just never got funded. And we're just like, okay, we've had a year of this experiment. It's time to shut down. So I paid the attorney via company.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Unfortunately, that's what happens to most of them. Right? You got to go and try.
Jackson Bierfeldt: What made you want to leave Twilio and like go out on your own?
Dan Beall: I think I was honestly plateauing in my technical career because I think the, the work at Twilio, it was very complicated but at the same time I felt like I wasn't really learning, I wasn't really growing. It was just this really like kind of like monstrosity of an application. We're running both Kubernetes and old school virtual machines. It just was kind of like a Rube Goldberg machine. So I just kind of thought like I can do things way simpler, you know, like a clean architecture and I can, I can just run with it.
Jackson Bierfeldt: But yeah, yeah, no, that sounds, that sounds like a nightmare to me. I always get scared whenever the Kubernetes stuff starts coming out.
Jackson Bierfeldt: I'm like, ah, I don't know. That's great. So what about you know, working on. I mean I scroll, I scrolled a little bit. Just through some of your past experience, but can you tell me about some of your just like software engineering fundamentals? Like not even like ML or anything like that, but just projects that you've done or things where you're just like you got a front end, you got an API and you got customers and they all three got to talk to each other.
Dan Beall: Yeah. So at Twilio I did a little bit of front end but I was primarily a back end engineer because it was basically like speech processing pipeline. You have multiple microservices that handle the audio and at my own startup I did handle everything end to end. We had an API for searching the Internet and then we had a front end which would take in that data and you'd be able to make the fine tunings off it. So I can definitely build the software end to end, but. But yeah, my primary experience is backend engineering but I love, I just love diving in and I'm pretty confident I can handle front end as well.
Jackson Bierfeldt: So yeah, I mean especially these days with you know, agent assisted coding. I'm a go developer all of a sudden, you know. So yeah. What about your previous experience with like larger companies? I saw that you had a couple positions on there where you worked in some of the like big, big tech companies. What were you doing there? And what I really would like to know is like what has been your experience working with non engineering teams? Like how much cross pollination have you had? How much like work with individual customers have you done? I believe they call them stakeholders sometimes in bigger companies.
Dan Beall: Yeah. So at Twilio I joined a lot of the customer calls. So that was very interesting. But I think, I think that is true, like, on my, my experience, like, has been very for early, mostly working with engineering teams and technical folks. So transitioning to a role where, you know, I'm working with. Non technical folks, that would be completely new to me. But I think it's just, it turns comes down to like empathy and just really putting yourself in the customer's shoes. So I feel like pretty confident that. When I was in IBM I built an assembler editor completely from scratch. I built the parser, I built the language server just completely end to end. And I was a junior engineer, just like one year of experience. But that involved like just talking to the people who actually used assembler day to day. So I felt like I was pretty good at that because I was able to get like, okay, which feature should we prioritize? Which what should we skip? And I was able to get that to ga like six months, so.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Oh, wow, that's very cool. That sounds like a fun project.
Dan Beall: Yeah.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Okay, one other topic and then I'll turn it over to you. How are you adapting to the AI coding world right now? What software are you using? What tools are you using? How is it changing your practices? How do you think teams are going to work over the next 6 months, 12 months? Would love to just hear your whole statement.
Dan Beall: Yeah, I think AI is here, it works. But you just have to be very careful with the AI output sometimes because of the hallucinations. So I like to have be very explicit with the AI, like prompt it very detailed and then really like read all the code that outputs. Like I find it actually difficult to use like the editor tool that's like inbuilt within VS code. I just like to go to my web browser and chat with AI and kind of paste the output. But that might be changing as the AI models improve. And so recently I actually have the integration with OpenAI in my editor just to try it out and I'm just kind of trying to see if it is a good match or not. So that's been my experience. It's here, it works. But you have to be very thorough with the code review because it's just getting a bunch of garbage from GitHub. Right. And then it's just that's how they build the models. So garbage in, garbage out.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yes, totally. What about things like Claude code, cursor codex, have you experimented with these?
Dan Beall: Yeah, I've experimented a bit with Claude code and yeah, personally like this was maybe a few months back and I didn't really like it because I prefer to have the conversation and just copy paste. So but that could change, you know, Like I, I kind of see it as like if the model improves fervor, I would be willing to use it in my editor directly.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yes, you know. Okay, great. Well, I want to make sure, you know, we have a couple minutes left here that I can answer any questions. Shots, like teams, culture, anything in that category.
Dan Beall: I guess one of my questions is how do you, how do you actually interact with, I'm guessing the. Yeah, sorry, how do you interact with the behavioral health professionals? Like, what is the process to get like a new feature and receive feedback? Like, how does that work?
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah, you mean what's the process for a provider or for like an engineer to produce a new feature?
Dan Beall: Yeah, like how, how do features kind of come up in ideation? Like, what process are you using to like, kind of like gather this, all the information from the end user and then actually be able to go kind of like run with it, you know?
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah, that's a, that's a great question. So we work really closely with our, our customers. We have about 2,000 providers that you know, our customers right now, so it's still a small enough number that we can actually like, know quite a few of them. And we have people who are on our clinical advisory board who like directly work with us. And then we also just have people that we work with through, you know, customer success, customer support. And we're always getting on calls and kind of feeling out, okay, like, what is the frontier of what they're doing? The thing I always love to ask people is, hey, hey, what are you using ChatGPT for right now? You know, just kind of finding like where they are already, like using AI to do something. And then that's usually kind of a hint that like, oh, hey, this would be a good product feature. So it's a little bit more of an art still at this point where we're like talking to people and figuring out and trying to read between the lines. And then from there we move on to prototyping and then price testing.
Jackson Bierfeldt: We definitely try to price test everything at this point because, you know, everyone says they want something, but it's really like, well, are you going to give me $50 for it? You know, how badly do you really want it?
Dan Beall: That's good because I think I read in the, like the, the, the position, the, the page. Sorry, I'm just lost for words. But it was, it was about how like your customers kind of love you because you're saving them literally like hours upon hours of time. So that frees up a lot of more time for, you know, to actually serve patients, you know, so, so that's, that's something that excites me.
Jackson Bierfeldt: We have some really. Yeah, we have some really devoted customers and that's like a lovely thing to have.
Dan Beall: Yeah, I guess, I guess if it doesn't break. Sorry, if. If it ain't broken, don't fix it. But where I want to go with that is what do you kind of see on. On the roadmap for the feature? Like, do you want to expand beyond Behavioral Health, or where do you see the company going in the next year?
Jackson Bierfeldt: Great question. Yeah, within the next year, we're definitely staying within Behavioral Health. You know, right now, all of our expansion is vertical. And particularly into the revenue cycle management space. So up until now, we've mostly been a documentation tool that people use to save time on the documentation. That's right. But what we learned over the years is that the main reason people use this for their documentation is because the documentation is actually a billing artifact and it's an important part of their process of getting reimbursement from insurance. So we're actually going deeper into that realm now and working on owning more and more of that workflow from the very front end of it with working with patients all the way to receiving claims and managing them through the insurance sector. So we have a lot of growing to do inside of that vertical space now. You know, five years from now, maybe we are going to expand horizontally into other fields, but definitely over the next year or two, we're still going to be within behavioral health, I guess.
Dan Beall: One more question more on the technical side and product, a little bit of product as well is like where. What is like kind of like the interface for how the customer uses it. Like, like. Is this like say like a therapy session, like in person and they're just like have like a microphone on their phone or is this like a zoom call and then you're recording from the zoom call. That's something I was kind of curious about.
Jackson Bierfeldt: It's pretty 50, 50 really depends on the customer. So yeah, lot people in the room with someone and they have their phone recording and then lots of people doing telehealth and recording.
Dan Beall: Yeah, I feel like my past experience is diar ization really hard problems. So that would be interesting to see.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yes, it is a very hard problem. Group therapy is something that many of our customers request all the time. And we're like, we're working on it. And then we go to. We actually use Assembly AI as our like main transcription provider. And we're like, what do you got? And they're like, we're working on it too. Trust us. So everyone's working on it. But yeah, putting one phone in the middle of 10 people and like high quality figuring out who's who. Very hard problem right now.
Dan Beall: Incredibly hard.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Okay, great. Well, Dan, I do have to jump, but really nice chatting with you. I'm talking to a couple more people today and tomorrow and then we will get in touch with anyone that we're moving forward to the next technical round with. So go ahead and look out for an email from me in that regard.
Dan Beall: Awesome. Sounds like a plan. Jackson.
Jackson Bierfeldt: All right, thanks, Dan. Take care.