Adam Harrison: Winner. I mean, you and Florida also have had a tough one. Everyone's had a tough winner.
Tracey Sanderbeck: But I feel guilty saying that compared to what you guys have had, but it's. Yeah, I think we just had our last cold front, so we'll see what happens. It better be. Or I might be. Jumping off the bridge or something. I can't take it anymore. I was all. I got all my winter stuff put up and everything else and then all that cold front. But it's so nice now, so I'm not complaining. Yeah, whatever you want to come down. Come on down.
Jackson Bierfeldt: All right, great. I'll have Asia start looking into.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Okay.
Adam Harrison: Well, Tracy, I wanted to talk first about a few of the issues that you flagged. I think that's. Is that kind of what you had top of mind for you, too?
Tracey Sanderbeck: The. Well, the only issues that I've had is. Are Jeanette's putting in all of the admin patient at Aetna patients and just waiting to find my first one to. To Bill. But then when I was, I kind of started when a patient's card declines or whatever. I'm going ahead and because right now we use insta med and we don't need their cvv. So they used to not provide it. But I said to Jeanette, if we have somebody like that, get their card, go ahead and put them in jot site now to get ahead of the game. And that's what I found that thing where my banking information and my credit card information is on every patient's account.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Still. Oh, I looked into that. So first of all, that's fixed, Tracy. And that wasn't on the patient's account. That was just because I assume you use that same computer for, like, shopping on the web.
Tracey Sanderbeck: I can show you what's fixed now, but it's different patients, but it just within the says add a credit card and then it comes up and then it doesn't, doesn't let me add a different.
Jackson Bierfeldt: I think it did like a different card, but. Yeah, well, that's. That's gone now. But just so you know, it wasn't, like, associated with the patient in any way. It was just your computer kind of trying to do the autofill like, oh, I see you need to enter a credit card. Let's, like, suggest one for you. So that's gone now. But I just want to reassure you that there was no, like, banking information actually associated with anybody.
Tracey Sanderbeck: All right, perfect. Thank you. Yeah. So then we can start doing that. So I haven't. Yeah. And that one atom that we were talking about that the one that I was looking at, Christine Hines, she was a patient I saw a few weeks ago, and I had. Yeah. So I haven't done one yet, but we are like Jeanette's entering them so that I'm going to get flagged on my sheet every day for my Aetna patients and so I can start. Start billing them. So kind of excited.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, we're excited, too. And I know you, you were trying to get your form fixed as well.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Yeah, yeah, yeah. I've been checking. I had, I don't know. Did I get fixed or.
Adam Harrison: No. Well, maybe. Could we spend just two minutes looking at it? Because I know it's kind of bounced around support and, and, you know, I just want to make sure that you are, like, in a good spot there.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Yeah. It's kind of weird how it's, you know, Jeanette and I, like, sent it to each other and stuff to see, like, what the patient was going to see. And then when I'm trying to think of how, let's just go into it and then I'll go to my forms. Can you see what I'm doing?
Adam Harrison: It looks like a big white. It's all white.
Tracey Sanderbeck: It's just like a, I don't know why it's not coming up. I'm on jot site, but it's not.
Adam Harrison: There it is. Okay.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Oh, it's gone. Where's it going? Oh, it's.
Adam Harrison: It's trying to loading. It's just loading.
Tracey Sanderbeck: It's just takes. Okay, here we go. Okay. So I go into my. Forms. And then I go to forms library, and it's this one. No, it's this one. Yeah. So preview. And when I was somewhere, I went in here and I and I. It was in here. It was like you put it in, but then is it here and now it's gone. And when I send it to the patient or when I send it to myself, it was gone because we were going to put it here. And I sent you a screenshot of it. Now it seems like it's gone. But remember the screenshot I sent? Let me see if I can find it because I don't know if I text it. Do you remember that, Adam? I sent you the screenshot and it was there. Like it was in this. It was like in this screen. But then when I sent the form to the patient, it wasn't. It wasn't there. So I was kind of confused.
Jackson Bierfeldt: And the rest of it is you had. Sorry, it's Jeanette.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Right? Yeah.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Jeanette. Yeah. So were you. You were, like, testing it where you were sending it from a Jeanette's account, and then you were sending it from your account. Yes. Yeah. Okay. Yeah, I think I know what. Happened here, I think, actually the version you had in your account and the version Jeanette had in her account got out of sync. And that might be why we made a change. And it looked like it was in one, but then it wasn't showing up to the patient. It might have been because it came from the other one. So we can go ahead and look in to making sure that those are on the same page.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Okay. I think this is where I saw it. Hold on a minute. Let's go. This is where I saw it. Hold on. It is. No. Oh, here it is. See it right here? See, when I go to edit, it's right here. Complete this subsection only if using insurance. Please text a copy of the front and back of your insurance card. And then it's there. But then when you go. I just want to. I. When I added that, I didn't see, like, a save because I know all your stuff automatically says, but I look down here for a save and so that I thought publish. But then when I go to look at it. Whoops. Oh, preview. It's not there. That's what's confusing. It's in the edits. Did you see that? What I was showing you?
Jackson Bierfeldt: What section was it in?
Tracey Sanderbeck: It's in payment and primary insurance. Let me make sure. Let me just make sure I'm in the right section. So let's go back to edit and look. I think it was payments. Payment in primary insurance. And under primary. Oh, wait a minute. Maybe we're not looking. Hold on. Stand down. Let me just look at one thing. Maybe I'm not opening up the other. Payment and prime. Oh, because I don't have it. I don't have that section on here. See where it says payment and primary insurance. And then on that edit, I think it has a section that just says primary insurance and then second.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Can you open payment and primary insurance?
Tracey Sanderbeck: Yep.
Jackson Bierfeldt: And can you scroll down? Yes. So it does say, okay, great. No, this is. This is good. I will. That's definitely a bug. Not your fault, Tracy. It's just not showing in that preview mode.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Yeah, I don't know. Let me just look one more time. I see payment section for. Oh, yeah. See? Oh, it's part. It's part. It is supposed to be partisan.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah. Yeah.
Tracey Sanderbeck: And then section five. Yeah. I thought maybe there was a separate section for primary insurance and the whole thing wasn't showing up. But no, this piece. Yeah. So it's just this little window right here that's not showing up.
Jackson Bierfeldt: It says. Yeah. Great. Well, I'll make sure that we get a look at that and get that fixed. I think the patient is still going to see it. Right now, but it's just not showing up in that preview when I.
Tracey Sanderbeck: When texted it for me and I texted it to Jeanette. It didn't. It. It definitely didn't show up. Okay. Check it today and I can email you because this was over the weekend before I even emailed you so I can. I can. We can send it to each other. From our two separate dummy patients. And we'll. We'll double check it before you we go down that rabbit hole.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Okay, great.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Thank you.
Jackson Bierfeldt: But, yeah, we'll get that. We'll get that working for you.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Okay. All right. And then I think. Yeah. So, I mean, we're just. Oh, and then the other thing, and I don't know if what I'm noticing, too, is you remember when you exported the patients, Adam, when you moved all the patients. There's quite a few that I'm seeing that, like, came over. But they don't have any of the demographics attached to them. It's quite a few of them, so I can look at one today. I'll show you today's. I fixed her. Oh, I already. Oh, no, I didn't do all of her. So let me see. Robert. And. But there wasn't two roberts, which is interesting because there wasn't one that I put in. And then, you know, like one that came over. But then if you go to this and you pull up, like, I put this information today because I saw her today under here. And there's quite a. Actually quite a few. I'm not checking them 100, but I've been checking them randomly, and I'm like. Like, see how they're all empty? And there's no other. And there's no other. Because I checked. I thought, well, maybe I'm picking the wrong. B-A-R-E. There she is. I only have one rope air. And then I can also check this merge patients, but I don't think so because there's going to be. Only one Robert ROVA RE. Unless I'm not seeing it. Yeah. There's only one Robert. And there was only one this morning. So that's just one. But I. I mean, I can start keeping a list if you want, but I don't. I'm not sure why. The demographics didn't come over because it seemed like they were. It was coming over. But I don't know. I mean, if you want me to try to keep track of them, but I I did notice that, like, I'm randomly checking them, and I'm like, nope, no demographic. It's no demographic. No. So it seems like it's a little more than just a couple, but I can try to keep track of them and see. If we can find a correlation.
Jackson Bierfeldt: So, Tracy, just so I understand the issue is that you. You typed them in manually. You didn't pull them in from Dr. Chrono, right? You, like, actually typed in the demographics.
Tracey Sanderbeck: So. No. So the demographics that I'm typing in is birthday, gender, phone number. Email. And then Adam exported all my patients over and all those patients. They had that information and. But then they also had, like, their address and their insurance there, but they're not. But. But I'm noticing now that ones that there are quite a few that have come over that have exported over that don't have that information.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Okay, great. Well, we'll take a look at that again, too. Adam, we'll. We'll look at this afterwards and you can maybe send me the Dr. Chrono data and I can have a look at that. And make sure that we're getting all the updated information there. Because the last thing in the world we want for you, Tracy, is to have to type in, like, insurance information and address. Like, that's a nightmare.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Huge, huge nightmare. Just so. Just so I understand correctly, though, when you. When you brought all those patients over, if it found the patient's name that I had already typed in. It. It would just put the stuff in and it would match it there if their names matched.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Right? That's right.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Okay. Yeah.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah. The only. The only case where it wouldn't do that. And I'll look into this is if right now you have, let's say two patients named John Smith in, you know, and they're different. If you import a third patient named John Smith, it's not going to, like, put it on either of those two because it doesn't know which one of those two to. To add it to. So if you have, like, already some duplicates, then it's hard to add more. So we actually recommend that you go in and resolve the duplicates before we do the. The merge. So have you ever gone through and, like, kind of tidied up those duplicates?
Tracey Sanderbeck: I've been doing it as I. As I'm going, but I could sit down.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Okay, great.
Tracey Sanderbeck: I could sit down and look. Go through all of these because there. This is how many I have. So there's not a lot.
Jackson Bierfeldt: But.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Yeah. And then Adam taught me how to do, like, if I couldn't bring him over. Just, you know, match up the names, and then it'll match him up. But I can. I can. I can tidy this up right here.
Jackson Bierfeldt: I would say that. I mean, this looks like there's not that many in most of these just from my eye look, like, pretty easy.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Like, yeah, that's the same person.
Jackson Bierfeldt: You can do it. So if you could go through and just do this before we do the import again, that'll guarantee that we get all the. The correct data. And then I'll. I'll personally make sure that all that insurance info comes in because that's going to be very important for us.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Okay. All right, perfect. And I haven't had a chance to. I know. I don't know. But since Jackson, you're here, I don't know if you want to. I tried to do the. I worked with Becca because I'm doing the beta for the telemedicine, and it didn't work at all for me today. Every patient that I sent it to. They. And I had one patient. She was so nice. She tried all kinds of stuff, but I don't know. Do you want me to just talk to Becca about this, or do you want. I don't want to waste your time.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yes, I would talk to Becca about that because she's tracking all that right now. But everything else you can tell me, Tracy.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Okay. Yeah. No, I think that that's good. And. And I talked to Becca about the other issue with the forms, and I think she's. She said they're working on that. So I think other than that. Other than that in a stupid microphone thing. But other than that, that's. I. And Alfred is trying. He's trying his hardest to figure that out. Nobody can figure that out. So I keep. It keeps bouncing back to this stupid. Some microphone that I have that I don't even have and nobody can get rid of it. And it's like. See how I have internal microphone? And then this Microsoft teams audio. It keeps bouncing onto this and then. And then it locks my note and it does all kinds of weird stuff. But Alfred is, I think, working on that. Okay. All right, cool. I think that's it. So. So I will clean up the. You'll figure out about the form and let me know when it's. We're good to go. I'll have Jeanette. We'll try it and just see, and I'll let you know if it's. If the patients are able to see it, that's all I care about. We'll start using it. And then the Aetna ones will start as soon as I get. No, I'll submit my first one and get it done. And then what else? What else am I supposed to do? Anything else I'm supposed to do? Oh, the duplicates. Yeah, I did that. Okay. Adam, anything else that I have supposed to be doing?
Adam Harrison: No, I think. I think this sounds good. We will do. Once you have the, like, duplicate things sort of cleaned up, we'll do a fresh import of the from your Dr.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Chrono.
Adam Harrison: Okay. Just to make sure that we get everyone in there and you don't have to type anything manually in. So feel free to just send Jackson and I an email when you're like, hey, good to do the next import, and we'll. We'll repeat that process. And then also. Yeah, as you are ready to kind of. Like, create claims and get those submitted to us, you know, we'll. We'll keep an eye and sort of monitor and make sure that we can start getting those submitted and. And paid for you.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Okay. And then the. And then I imagine once we start getting the claims done, you can kind of. Run through it with me to show me, like, the live claim so that can familiarize herself so she can oversee that and all that as we move forward.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, that sounds great. Yeah, we can definitely do, like, a session with Jeanette to get her familiar with everything, too. That sounds good. And, yeah, one other thing, Tracy. So I think we have these for this time just recurring. Right. Going forward, does that work for you?
Tracey Sanderbeck: What? Yeah, the same time on Tuesday at 5 15 until we get so we can just monitor what's going on.
Adam Harrison: Just make sure we're good, good and on track, which I think we are. The. The other update here is I am going to be departing jot psych on April 6th. So Jackson is going to be kind of taking the. Taking the reins here. So I'm still here this week, next week. I'll see you next week on the same call. But just so you know, we are kind of doing that handover process now. So, you know, you shouldn't miss a beat at all. And Jackson, you know, is can actually, like, fix and build things themselves. So, you know, you'll have kind of one less intermediary to. To have to work with. So, yeah.
Tracey Sanderbeck: All right. Well, good luck with whatever you're doing. It was nice to meet you and nice to work with you.
Adam Harrison: Yeah. Thank you, Tracy. Appreciate that.
Tracey Sanderbeck: You're welcome. All right, so then I'll see you.
Jackson Bierfeldt: We're gonna have fun ourselves, Tracy.
Adam Harrison: Don't worry.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Yes, we will. Are you. Am I see Adam, you're gonna be here next week or not?
Adam Harrison: I'll be here. Yeah, I'll be here next week. So we'll have another. Another week next week, too. And then after that, I'll. I'll depart.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Okay. So I will message you as soon as I get. I probably will try to get that done tonight, actually, so we can just knock it off the list, and then I'll have Jeanette. We'll try that other thing, and then I'll message you.
Adam Harrison: Okay? Perfect. Thank you so much.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Well, thank you. I'll see you next week. Bye, Jackson.
Adam Harrison: Bye.