Christopher Hume: How are you? Mr. Simmons? Just so you know, you're on mute. I'm not sure if you're saying anything.
Ms. Simmons: I'm starting to get into connect. Okay. Is it there yet?
Christopher Hume: Yes, you can hear you loud and clear. How are you?
Ms. Simmons: I'm good. How about yourself?
Christopher Hume: Great. Happy Monday.
Ms. Simmons: Happy Monday.
Christopher Hume: Hello.
Jack Waugh: Jack. Hey, good to see you again. How's your weekend?
Ms. Simmons: It was busy. But good. How was yours?
Jack Waugh: About the same pretty busy, but can't complain. Had a nice, nice bout of weather. So I'm happy about that. So we're waiting on a few more. People as well.
Ms. Simmons: So I noticed that Rhonda corniture's email address was incorrect from when I just went to join on and gave like an error message or whatever or said like message undelivered or something like that. But I know that she's not going to be in attendance because she had text all of us saying. So over the weekend. So things where her has changed. She had said that she was no longer interested in going into a group practice, I don't even know if the other people who were supposed to be a part of it will be in attendance. But that's not my problem.
Christopher Hume: Where in the world are you based or where in the country are you based?
Ms. Simmons: I'm in Pennsylvania.
Christopher Hume: Okay, wonderful.
Ms. Simmons: I can't tell you what part, like if it's Northeast, Northwest, I'm in Easton.
Christopher Hume: Easton, okay. Well, I don't know too much about Pennsylvania, but I'm in DC.
Christopher Hume: So I've been to Philadelphia.
Ms. Simmons: Not close to Philadelphia, maybe like an almost two hours.
Christopher Hume: Okay, got it.
Ms. Simmons: Yeah. So guys, I don't know. It might just be us.
Christopher Hume: The three musketeers.
Jack Waugh: That's all we need.
Ms. Simmons: Have a good day. Okay. Sorry.
Christopher Hume: No. Well, Shakira, we can kick off. And so I guess I should introduce myself. I haven't even said hello yet. So my name is Chris. I work with Jack here at Jotzyk. And so he told me kind of, you might be interested in JotSych, you might be interested in Jot Bill. And you're coming up on starting a group practice.
Ms. Simmons: So I guess that seems to have gotten tanked.
Christopher Hume: Well, I would just love to learn a little bit more about you, what you're doing now, what maybe you'll be doing in the future and then see if there's any way for us to serve you.
Ms. Simmons: Okay, so I am a newly licensed nurse practitioner. I have been a nurse and practice that mental health for about 13 years. And in October, I became a nurse practitioner. During most of my career in nursing. I primarily only worked contracts.
Christopher Hume: Yep.
Ms. Simmons: Were you a travel nurse? Yes.
Christopher Hume: Oh my gosh, that's so, so fun.
Ms. Simmons: Yes, yes, yes. And oddly enough, as such, I have encountered different EHRs and have grasped the concepts relatively quickly. I literally, Jack, the person I said referred me to your platform. Shyla, I literally was just texting her and said, I've always prided myself on being a fast learner. This EHR got me feeling dumb.
Christopher Hume: Oh, no.
Ms. Simmons: She text me back like, yo, you're a fast learner. I said, I gotta watch these videos because.
Christopher Hume: Well, we can use our meeting today to get you up and running for sure.
Ms. Simmons: So yeah, it was supposed to be a group practice thing. And then over the weekend, I had gotten an email and Rhonda was the one who had approached a bunch of us and asked if we wanted to be a part of a group practice. And she's the one who sent an email over the weekend out of the blue with no explanation saying that she was no longer interested.
Christopher Hume: Oh my goodness. And so are you still working mostly on contracts, Shaquilla?
Ms. Simmons: Or? So I'm definitely still open to traveling. Like my last assignment was February. Because I don't have. I don't really have a presence as a nurse practitioner. I had applied for a lot of jobs and I was getting either no response or you need two plus years experience or low wages under the guise of an experience. So I did sign up for headway. And I do have my first appointment scheduled on Saturday, this upcoming Saturday.
Christopher Hume: Okay. That's so exciting.
Ms. Simmons: Yes. So. Yeah, I needed my what my friend Shyla has been a practicing nurse practitioner since about 2021. And she was saying that she feels that y'all need to give her some money for promotion, by the way, because she's, we're in a WhatsApp group. We're in a group. Oh my goodness. A Facebook group and she's telling everybody jot psych is the best she is or she has you. So just FYI.
Christopher Hume: Thank you. Well, we'll be sure to reach out to her. Yeah. Well, that, so you're doing headway and then potentially at some point, I guess we'll see after this weekend.
Ms. Simmons: Give me one second.
Ms. Simmons: Yep, of course. Yes. Did you get your wallet? Hold on one second. I'm so sorry guys. Back to the backyard to trip the hedges. I feature funnel, babe. Oh, okay, never mind. Give me one second. I'm so sorry.
Jack Waugh: No, no, no. Yeah, take your time.
Ms. Simmons: We didn't hear the part of the future. Have a good day. I'm sorry.
Christopher Hume: No worries. Well, Shakila, I can, I think the most important thing for this meeting is that we kind of get you up and running with Jotzek so you can properly try us out. But what else would you like to get out of this? Like what would make this a really productive meeting? We have kind of offerings for people who are starting their own practice, rebuilding offerings, we have scribe offerings. But what would be the most helpful for you so you can kind of walk out today and be like dang Kristen Jack, the answer to all my questions. I feel I'm having a good Monday.
Ms. Simmons: Well, I'm definitely interested in the AI scribe. Jack, as a group practice, and I'm so sorry because I feel like I wasted you guys time because again, she's the one who came to all of us and we're all gung ho having Zoom meetings and everything. And then you just abruptly send us an email that says, oh no longer interested. With no explanation.
Jack Waugh: That happens. You know, I totally get it. So no worries at all there. We're still happy to meet and, you know, help you out with whatever we can in the meantime while you guys.
Ms. Simmons: So I am credentialed with a lot of insurance companies in Pennsylvania through headway.
Christopher Hume: Okay. But so you're not independently credentialed.
Ms. Simmons: Well, I have started application processes myself. Independent credentialing.
Christopher Hume: Okay. So what we can do, Shaquille, is so we offer credentialing support. So if you've got it yourself, we certainly don't need the help, but we do credentialing for some of our providers. We actually also do website development. I know that's kind of just like an annoying thing in the background when you're starting up your practice, whether it's you or it's kind of the whole team, hopefully gets back together. We also develop websites as well.
Ms. Simmons: I'm not interested in conducting any type of business with somebody who makes abrupt changes like that with, like I said, don't even communicate with you. Just send you an email that says, I'm no longer interested, but you're the one who literally bought this to our attention. We didn't seek you out.
Christopher Hume: That is certainly a challenge.
Ms. Simmons: That is certainly a challenge. Yeah. I think I would be better off at this juncture just investing in myself.
Christopher Hume: Okay. Well then, and so do you want to, do you think you're going to start off with headway? Are you going to try and get independently credentialed and stand up your own small business?
Ms. Simmons: Both I'm going to do both until I'm able to generate enough referrals, I guess, on my own. I literally only have one patient and that's the one Saturday. And he contacted me through psychology today.
Christopher Hume: Oh, no way. Okay, awesome.
Ms. Simmons: Take me over this website because I did buy two domains from GoDaddy. Okay. I don't know anything about making a website and that's just too much brain energy that I don't want to divorce.
Christopher Hume: Yes, that certainly understand that. So to do the website, we charge $100. So you have the domain. All we need is your logo, your headshot. Your resume and your psychology today profile. And then any information you want included such as, hey, I like these colors. I want you to tell people this about my story. And then we generate that website for you.
Ms. Simmons: So is the website a flat fee of $100 or
Christopher Hume: is this a it's $100 been for us to maintain the website, I believe is $50 a month. Like the server and all that stuff on the back end.
Ms. Simmons: And then you're not able to use the domains I already purchased.
Christopher Hume: We can use the domain to already purchased. I think it's just the recurring fee is the host thing. So if you wanted to pay for the hosting directly with GoDaddy, I'm sure we could work something out for you.
Ms. Simmons: So you just paid for it. At least I think I did. I don't even know guys.
Christopher Hume: I'm not even 100%.
Ms. Simmons: I think I paid for the two domains. They keep sending me emails saying create your website.
Christopher Hume: You pay interesting. I'll have to check with the team because there's initially you pay for the domain and then there's typically a recurring fee. If you're already paying for that
Ms. Simmons: to be a fee for two years, it says I will be again for two years.
Christopher Hume: Okay. Then I think that the recurring fee, I think we wouldn't have to charge you because you're already paying for that. And we'd set it up on your side and you're good to go. So it'd be a flat $100 fee.
Ms. Simmons: Okay. Now inadvertently created the wrong email address and I'm trying to figure out how I go back to the other one because I created an email address at org instead of.com.
Christopher Hume: and then one of my friends doesn't make a difference. Oh no, it doesn't make that much of a difference.
Ms. Simmons: Okay, so I can leave the doc. I was like, I don't even know how I created it or how I go back and do it. I could ask my administrative assistant chat GPT, but I don't feel like it's my administrative assistant too. Some policies for me right now.
Christopher Hume: So we would set that up for you. We would develop the website. We show it to you. We'd make sure that you're happy with how it turns out. We'd get that up and running. Then we could also do credentialing for you. So I'm not sure Shakita, are you, have you already submitted to all your payers? I don't want to tell you about if you're already kind of good to go there.
Ms. Simmons: I submitted to like four or five insurance companies.
Christopher Hume: Okay. And are you looking to kind of submit to more?
Ms. Simmons: Yeah, but I can say that I'm not in a complete rush because I can always let them build me through headway. Okay. For right. For right now. For right now. I'm definitely as I get volume of patience. I definitely want to have all of them with me being independently credentialed through all of them.
Christopher Hume: Well headway charges what?
Ms. Simmons: I don't know what they charge. They just told me what I would get paid.
Christopher Hume: I don't know what they charge I think close to 30% of revenues.
Ms. Simmons: So that's why people like to be know that your billing is 4 to 8% your credential.
Christopher Hume: It's a one time fee though. So we it's it's a $350 setup fee and then it's $300 a pair. We set you up with, I don't know, Blue Cross Blue Shield and then you're independently credentialed with them. We don't take a percentage credentialing.
Ms. Simmons: Now is there like a bundle where if you got like five payers there's a certain fee.
Ms. Simmons: Or it's a good question.
Christopher Hume: I can tell you this Shaquilla. I'm not sure what the bundle is, but among friends, if you want to do five pairs, I'll make sure you get some sort of discount. I'll make sure there's there's some sort of discount for you there if you want to do five or more with us.
Ms. Simmons: No, I've already done Blue Cross Blue Shield Aetna UHC UnitedHealthcare. It's like I've done Horizon Blue Cross Blue Shield. Hi Mark Blue Cross Blue Shield. United Healthcare Aetna Cigna. Okay. Signature Evernorth. Yeah, it's like two things I have to submit to Blue Cross Blue Shield. They recently sent me an email and then something I have to sign a contract with Aetna, which they sent me a document that has like 30 pages of it.
Christopher Hume: So I'm like, no, they emailed it. Okay, okay, few. I got nervous that you were ascendant having to send.
Ms. Simmons: No, but that's a lot of pages. So I have to read it first because I'm like, why would you send me something that's 30 pages? What are you trying to sneak in this thing?
Christopher Hume: Really? I know it's no one. And if you have like 15 pairs or 20 pairs, how can you read all of your contracts? It's unbelievable.
Ms. Simmons: That's a lot.
Christopher Hume: So if there's any that you'd like us to handle for you, we just need your license, your DAA certificate. Your malpractice insurance.
Ms. Simmons: Is on my CAQH. Don't you guys get access to that profile if you're doing credentialing?
Christopher Hume: We should get access to the CAQH. I'm going to be honest, I'm typically the one who talks about credentialing. Lucky for me, don't actually have to do it. So I would have to check with our credentialing team on if they can just pull it from your CAQH.
Ms. Simmons: Now granted, I do have all of those things in my drive, but nobody has asked me for them because they've got it from CAQH.
Christopher Hume: Okay, let's double check with them. Okay, so we would set up your website, we set up your credentialing. And then use JetSpec, you can use this ascribe or as an EHR. We customize your notes to meet your payer contract, and then we submit your notes to your for you. As Jack told you, that's 4% to 8% Yes, yes, yes.
Ms. Simmons: So as I get volume, I definitely want everything to be under the same platform. But have volume yet. They've already gotten me credentialed with so many insurance companies. That's why I'm just like, okay, I'll deal with them for now. But I definitely don't want to deal with them for any type of long term things.
Christopher Hume: No, what we should do, Shaquille, is the base JAT psych fee. So like if you're using us as an EHR, so you're doing e-prescription through us and you're doing. Telehealth through us. If you're doing all of that, it's $299 a month. But if you just want to use Jot Psych as your scribe, you're like, hey, I just use Jotseq as a scribe. It's $150 a month.
Ms. Simmons: Well, these are different numbers than I receive the other day because I thought, yeah. I thought that the AI scribe and the e-prescription was going to be like $218 a month.
Christopher Hume: So if you are AI scribe is 150. And then if you buy the e-prescription alone. 150 plus 69, yep, it's $219.
Ms. Simmons: So that's the price. Okay, well, I don't know why in my head you were telling me larger numbers.
Christopher Hume: No, no, no. You're, I'm sorry, I'm confusing.
Christopher Hume: I'm sorry to send you a break really big. We were off by a dollar. We were off $5.
Ms. Simmons: You said 218.
Christopher Hume: It's actually 219.
Ms. Simmons: I don't know why in my head you were telling me numbers that amounted to over $300.
Christopher Hume: No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. I feel like I've been doing a lot of talking here, Shakila. What else can we answer for you? What would be most helpful with the next 10 or 15 minutes for us to get for you?
Ms. Simmons: So yeah, I'm definitely interested in describing the prescription also. There's like sacks or phone. Come with this subscription. Is that a feature?
Christopher Hume: That's a great question. Right now you can send reminders through JotSych so you can send email reminders, you can send text reminders. We don't have facts right now. And those features are and with the associated with the calendar. So you could set an automated reminder or you can send a text form so they can do their PHQ9 over text, but you can't send like a one off text message like, hey Jack, how are you feeling today? Like you they're all automated.
Ms. Simmons: Okay, okay. Okay. Also now is there. Is there a capability for like speaking of doing everything through your platform? Can a patient, is there like a web link that would bring somebody directly to me to allow them to come on to Jot site and schedule an appointment or does everything have to be done by me?
Christopher Hume: Right now? We don't have self. This is something that is on the product roadmap that engineers are working on. But right now you would have to put it on the calendar.
Ms. Simmons: Okay. Okay. Okay.
Christopher Hume: Oh. Go ahead.
Ms. Simmons: Is there a contract term for the AI scribe and the script?
Christopher Hume: If you want one, we can always, you're always allowed to sign up for a year or two year contract for a discount, but most of our customers are month to month contract.
Christopher Hume: So it's not even a contract.
Christopher Hume: You just pay for the month to have access for the month. Then you pay the next month. So we're all trying to win your business.
Ms. Simmons: Yeah. Okay. Okay. Now, I noticed that you guys have some, a lot of video tutorials. Is there any way that I could meet with a person who could walk me through things one to one on one or individually?
Christopher Hume: Oh, Shakira, do you have, could you pull up chat psych? I'll just show you in the platform where our calendar is. And you can schedule as many meetings as you'd like with our customer supporting me.
Ms. Simmons: It's a picture and picture mode automatically. Okay.
Jack Waugh: I think we also had a
Ms. Simmons: head and we do have five something. I have spoken to so many people and had so many. I can't put everything together.
Jack Waugh: That's okay. We can set that up for you on another day when it's more convenient. So no problem there.
Ms. Simmons: I literally cannot keep everything together between all of my me personal doctor's appointments. These going on with my family. Things going on with myself.
Ms. Simmons: I'm like, oh my gosh, I really need chat GPT to really be my assistant.
Christopher Hume: The future. We live in the future.
Jack Waugh: I hear that.
Ms. Simmons: Okay, so now let me see. Okay.
Christopher Hume: Share screen. Yeah. If you could share your screen, I'll show you how to schedule time with us. But my other question. Is help button in the top right.
Ms. Simmons: And you go, this little street is in the way. How do I get. This thing?
Christopher Hume: Okay, let me just push the X.
Ms. Simmons: Oh, it's not going to close it, is it? Okay.
Christopher Hume: No. Okay. I'm still here. Can't get rid of that easy. If you push the book onboarding button. And I think that's going to take you to another tab that we can't see. But I think that should be our support calendar.
Ms. Simmons: Again, Jack, I'm seeming kind of. No, that brings me to, it opened up my email to send an email.
Christopher Hume: From book onboarding. Oh my goodness.
Ms. Simmons: Yeah, because it said redirecting to support at jot psych.com.
Ms. Simmons: Whoa, that must be.
Christopher Hume: Oh my gosh.
Ms. Simmons: So that opened up an email.
Ms. Simmons: Well, let me send it to my email.
Christopher Hume: Thank you for identifying that bug for us. Let me send you someone must have changed the link. I'll fix that. But in the meantime, Shaquille, let me send you our customer support link.
Ms. Simmons: Okay. Now, I would like to be able to, and I know Jack, you and I have a meeting later, so I guess that's something we could go over later. And I'm so sorry again, Chris Jack, that I feel like I wasted you guys sign, but I didn't see that thing.
Christopher Hume: No, no, no, no.
Jack Waugh: Not at all.
Ms. Simmons: Okay. So I want to have an intake packet. Okay. Hold on. I'm sorry. The landscaper is texting me saying he's done. I'm texting Sydney a venmo request. I still don't know if he went back in the backyard.
Christopher Hume: Shaquita, you're MS at medial rating minds.org yes. Because again, the wrong.
Ms. Simmons: So I want an intake packet with risk assessment in it. You know, the middle status exam, your history, your biopsychosocial history. And I think that yours may have had it. Listed there, but I don't think the risk assessment was included in it. And I know, of course, I don't know how to tailor it to my liking.
Jack Waugh: Yeah. Checking our intake. I think there's a safety assessment, but not, oh yeah, so we can show you how to add the risk assessment specifically to that.
Ms. Simmons: Okay. So yes, I want to have a comprehensive intake assessment. That goes over your past psych history, even, you know, any medical issues that you may have. Because some of those things do tie into psychiatric manifestations.
Christopher Hume: Before. I think what would probably make sense is if you have a few more minutes, we can turn this over to Jack and he can walk you through some of those features to make sure we make you feel smart when you're using JotSite. That's the goal. But would you be interested in a meeting on Wednesday to set up your website? I can set that up with our team and it's something that we could kick off and have done pretty quickly for you.
Ms. Simmons: Okay. So what do I have to do give you my GoDaddy information?
Christopher Hume: I think for Wednesday, all you'd have to do is send us. Your logo, your headshot. And the audio bits, your headshot, your resume, your psychology today link and then any. Other aesthetic. Features you'd like added, but they'll actually just chat with you on Wednesday about this. They'll be like, hey, does this look good or does this look good? So they'll ask all the information live, take that and then develop a website for you. And so I'll make sure you know what they're going to ask ahead of time so you're prepared, but you don't have to do anything other than show up.
Ms. Simmons: Okay, no problem.
Christopher Hume: Yeah. And what time would work for you, Shakira?
Ms. Simmons: Oh, this time is good.
Christopher Hume: Perfect. Let me. See. We will.
Ms. Simmons: Schedule on headway to take me off from three to four 30 because so that way I could come home before my husband leaves for work.
Christopher Hume: Yes. Okay, that's perfect. I jumped in as you were giving the demo.
Jack Waugh: No problem.
Ms. Simmons: Okay, so I can stop sharing my screen yet because you're going to share your screen.
Jack Waugh: Yeah, I can definitely do that.
Ms. Simmons: I don't know.
Christopher Hume: Do you wanna, yeah, do you wanna walk through so we can make sure there's no quirks or bugs or anything like that. If you keep sharing your screen?
Jack Waugh: Yeah, you can keep sharing yours and
Ms. Simmons: we can kind of show you the necessary steps there. So the goal is for me to have my note generated with jot psych and then paste it into headways thing.
Jack Waugh: Right. So you kind of want to have everything, all the different areas and sections, presets so it's ready to go kind of loaded. Cool. Yeah. So let me show you how you'd set that up. So what we're gonna do, we're gonna go to documentation.
Ms. Simmons: I could do this as schedule a telehealth appointment so I could even see them in telehealth from you guys.
Christopher Hume: That's a beta feature. If you'd like to be one of the first users to get it, we could roll it out to you.
Ms. Simmons: Yeah. And telehealth, it will record the session.
Christopher Hume: Yep, exactly.
Ms. Simmons: So how does that work real quick with you saying this is a beta feature. We can roll it out for you. This is not a part of the regular AI scribe.
Christopher Hume: No, it's an additional fee or it's included in the EHR package. But if you'd like to kind of be one of our first people to try it, I'm sure we could kind of get you on that list.
Ms. Simmons: There's an EHR package.
Christopher Hume: Okay. That's why that was the 299 a month. E-prescription compliance checks on notes. Custom security package. So that's what's included there and that's probably why you got confused when I was throwing out all these different numbers.
Ms. Simmons: Now I'm sure with volume, I would like these things, but like I have, everything is being paid for. Primarily by my husband. So I have to be a little cost efficient side as much as I can be.
Christopher Hume: We certainly understand. So if you want to start with a scribe or something like that.
Ms. Simmons: That's great too. I do describe and I need. The e-scribe. I need the AI scribe and the e-scribe for prescriptions. Okay, so I'm going to documentation.
Jack Waugh: Yeah, so documentation. Then you're going to do note templates. And now what you're going to do is you're going to click, were you working from the psychiatric intake template before?
Ms. Simmons: I just searched it and I like clicked on all of your things to pin them. Okay. That would be like applicable to me to pin them.
Jack Waugh: Cool. Yeah. So I would say for now we could just go to the intake. Or are you mostly doing intake forms with patients? Are you doing progress note? Like follow up visits right now?
Ms. Simmons: So I only got one patient, Jack, and I ain't seen them yet.
Ms. Simmons: So intake every single patient would be an empty.
Jack Waugh: Okay, so yeah, go ahead and click on that and see the little clipboard icon. It actually looks like you don't have to do that on this. Chris, do you know, do you still have to duplicate templates?
Christopher Hume: No.
Jack Waugh: Yeah.
Christopher Hume: You could just push the magic edit button. Okay.
Ms. Simmons: When are these dots and what that, why don't they do anything?
Jack Waugh: So that's if you want to like drag and reorder them. So just move it down.
Ms. Simmons: Reading is for the visual. It literally says drag sections to reorder.
Christopher Hume: Just to jump in here really quickly. I actually have to jump to another meeting.
Ms. Simmons: Thank you for your time.
Christopher Hume: Oh my God, thank you. It's so great to meet you. I sent, I just want to check to make sure you have the meeting invite for Wednesday. I'll follow up with an email with all the requirements for us to set up your website.
Ms. Simmons: Yes.
Christopher Hume: Wonderful. Shaquille, we will talk on Wednesday and you're in great hand with Jack.
Ms. Simmons: Okay. Thank you.
Christopher Hume: Great evening.
Ms. Simmons: You too.
Jack Waugh: Okay. Okay.
Ms. Simmons: So we'll, we'll get you started. Now, Jack, we're not meeting at five because this is replacing our five o'clock. Yeah.
Jack Waugh: Gotcha. I'm going to, I technically had a call, but I think that one's not happening. Let me just message my colleague about this.
Ms. Simmons: Family psychiatric substance use.
Jack Waugh: Psychiatric. Yeah. So basically what you're going to do here, see the little, thing that says plus section in between.
Ms. Simmons: Yes.
Jack Waugh: Yeah. So that's what you're going to click on.
Ms. Simmons: Okay, so psychiatric medications. Social family. No, I need substance further up. Psychiatric. Oops. Okay, I'm just psychiatric medications. Medicine. Test and scores. I think I would like that underneath assessment. No. Oh, no, that could stay right there. Okay, so safety assessment. I would like a risk assessment here. So.
Jack Waugh: Add section and then you can type in risk assessment.
Ms. Simmons: Is it called something else?
Jack Waugh: Let me see. Try removing assessment and just do risk. Let's scroll down a little bit. Now, we can always build you the specific thing. But what I want to try under that section that says safety assessment right there. Does that look like what.
Ms. Simmons: I will be assessing suicide? Well, this is risk. So let me put it there anyway. I will be assessing. Let me go. Let me move this up because I would be assessing your suicidal homicidal ideations as part of a mental status assessment. How can I open this up to see what it looks like?
Jack Waugh: Yeah. So from there, you would actually have to go to the actual note itself. I can show you what it looks like.
Ms. Simmons: Oh, there it is.
Jack Waugh: Yes.
Ms. Simmons: Okay. Oh, and. Okay, well, that's a, let's go see what this one says. Oh, this one doesn't have a drop down. Maybe if I push this back up. No, that this doesn't give me an example.
Jack Waugh: Okay, so let's see. I can share my screen here and show you what that looks like. In an example. Can you see this kind of.
Ms. Simmons: Yes.
Jack Waugh: Okay. So here are those different, here's like mental status exam. Yes. Now, if one of these goes in what you're looking for, I can show you how you can still set it up. But. What kind of things are you looking for
Ms. Simmons: on as far as the risk assessment? I want to know if you have, of course, suicidal and homicidal ideations.
Ms. Simmons: If you have any access to weapons. Okay.
Jack Waugh: Does this year look a little bit closer under the safety assessment?
Ms. Simmons: Area? So that's the one that I. Use reported one of those. Static risk factors. Now reported imminent factors modify. Oh, access fire alerts. Okay. Yes, yes, that's fine.
Jack Waugh: Okay, so actually all you would need to do on this template is just use that safety assessment.
Ms. Simmons: Yes, I could remove the other thing.
Ms. Simmons: You can take out the other one. They say pretty much the same thing, I think.
Jack Waugh: Yeah. Yeah. I think that's, I think that's seems to kind of cover it there.
Ms. Simmons: This one says pretty much the same thing.
Jack Waugh: So you can just click X on that first. I think they're both.
Ms. Simmons: Yeah, they literally do say the same thing.
Jack Waugh: So yeah, I can move this one.
Ms. Simmons: Yeah. And so also I want to do a Columbia suicide screening as well.
Jack Waugh: Okay.
Ms. Simmons: So is that something I'm able to put into this
Jack Waugh: or you mean like a form you'd send out to the patient?
Ms. Simmons: No, I would conduct it while I was doing the assessment.
Jack Waugh: Okay, so like, yeah, I see what you're saying. Yes, there is a way to add that. And when you say Columbia, so you mean based on a list of questions, you, that's what it's called.
Ms. Simmons: The Columbia suicide. Let me write it down so I can say CSSR. Suicide screening risk. Am I, am I right? Colombia, CSSR or CRSS? RS. Yeah Columbia suicide severity rating scale.
Jack Waugh: Sure.
Ms. Simmons: So, okay.
Jack Waugh: Oh, oh yes. Okay. Yep. I know what you're talking about. Okay, let me find that. CSSR. I think if you search sections, that's another one of them in there. But let me just check on this really quick. What is the abbreviation again?
Ms. Simmons: C, S suicide. So we're CSSRS.
Jack Waugh: Okay. CSSR dash s. Right. So I know we have. I know we have a form for that. Because we do. Let me, let me find this for you. Give me one second.
Ms. Simmons: Which I'm kind of thinking that I could probably address it through the safety assessment. But I want my notes to specifically say like, you know, negative score on the CSSRS or CSSRS, you know, something like that, something hitting to, I actually conducted particular assessment. Because even when I work in the hospital, that particular assessment is there on the flow sheets.
Jack Waugh: So do you here's my question for you because this is, we'll determine how we set it up. Do you want you're actually conducting the answers to the questions in the intake or are you just, do you just want the register of the score to show up in the intake form?
Ms. Simmons: Both.
Jack Waugh: Okay. So here's what you could do then. I know we have this form already in Jot psych, but if you probably have your own list of questions there.
Ms. Simmons: No, I can't deviate from it. It's already created.
Ms. Simmons: Okay, so that's just like a gad seven. I can't deviate from the questions there. Otherwise it's no longer a gad seven.
Jack Waugh: Right. It's the official.
Ms. Simmons: Yeah. So I want to be using official official, you know, forms.
Jack Waugh: So what you can do there, I'm going to go back to your screen. So click on add section.
Ms. Simmons: So. It doesn't seem to be, hold on. You see how it's not coming up now?
Jack Waugh: Oh, so let's do this. Let's click save in the lower right hand corner. Okay. And then let's actually refresh the page one more time. Okay, so now let's load that intake again. Okay, now it should come up.
Ms. Simmons: Okay.
Jack Waugh: Okay. All right. So let's click that.
Ms. Simmons: One. Jack, this is your thing. This is what you do. I've never had a personal EHR. Should we, should I just include it separately or put it like how I would be doing a CSSRS? Okay, let's do Colombia.
Jack Waugh: There's a way, if it's not showing up there, keep this page.
Ms. Simmons: Let me see if it's listed under you. The organization or browse library.
Jack Waugh: Yeah. So we do have a form for it. So I'll show you where that is. If you go to documentation. And then forms. And then see in the upper right hand corner forms library. And just scroll down a little bit. And you'll see the C, there it is.
Ms. Simmons: Oh, there it is. Okay, so that's a screener.
Jack Waugh: And you can actually send this to patients through JotSps as well. I mean, it sounds like you do this during the session. So that's a little different.
Ms. Simmons: But just so you know, as long as it's completed.
Jack Waugh: Yeah. Yeah. And their answers will show up there in their patient. Profile.
Ms. Simmons: Okay. And so also, can I upload like a mood, the, the, the mood disorder questionnaire? Because I was looking for one like that would be for a person who may have bipolar features without an actual diagnosis.
Jack Waugh: Yep. Yeah, you definitely can. So let me show you how you do that.
Ms. Simmons: Oh, it looks like you maybe playing around, but I actually want it to be the actual FDQ form.
Jack Waugh: So let's, let's go ahead and get you to that preview.
Ms. Simmons: Like if somebody tells me that they drink, I would want to do an audit form. So how is. Form fields are disabled and previewable? How would I get it out of preview mode?
Jack Waugh: Oh yeah. So just to get it out of preview mode, you would just click the X button there. Is that what you're asking what X button?
Ms. Simmons: You mean, no, no. How do I get it out of print so I could actually fill in the information? Like if the patient told me that he drank, I would fill out an audit form to frequency of the use.
Jack Waugh: So what you could do, you can always send it to yourself. So if you scroll up a little bit. You can add yourself as a patient. And you can always send this form to yourself. So these are just to just to backtrack for a second. These different forms here are really just meant to be sent out to patients rather than you filling it out for that.
Ms. Simmons: So if I'm adding the patient, I'm going to the patient's name and then let me see just so yep. This is actually my patient. I was trying to fool around, but I was like, I probably shouldn't do that until somebody I'm actually going to see. How do I delete this for now? Or do I leave it? Because, I mean, this is who I'm seeing on Saturday.
Jack Waugh: Well, you can leave it for the time being if this information is correct.
Ms. Simmons: Birthday it is the.
Jack Waugh: Okay, so what you would do actually is you could click on that or just one of our sample patients there, whichever. And then if you scroll down a little bit, oh, see in the lower left hand corner, it says forms. Yes.
Ms. Simmons: Or even right there. Perfect. Perfect.
Jack Waugh: So that's where you would do it from.
Ms. Simmons: Okay. Okay.
Jack Waugh: And then you can just click like which form to send. Now, if you want, you said you wanted your own form that's not on Jotsite yet. Is that right?
Ms. Simmons: So they have, like I said, this is for a patient who may have bipolar symptoms without a bipolar diagnosis. Then they would fill out a mood questionnaire form.
Jack Waugh: So I'm going to show you how to add that to drought psych. And that's on the previous page we were just on. But then you can access it from this page once it's up there. So just go to. And then see forms library again, upper right hand corner. And then build new form. Oh, it's the purple button. Yep. And then you can just upload like drag and drop a PDF right there.
Ms. Simmons: Okay, perfect.
Jack Waugh: And we'll just build it out. For you and then you can send it via that patient tab to him.
Ms. Simmons: Perfect. And can I have something at the end of every note that says. That says. If you're having thoughts of, if you're, if you're in a mental health crisis, having thoughts of harm to yourself or others, please call 988 911 or present to your nearest emergency department on every note.
Jack Waugh: You should be able to set that up as well. So what you can do is you can add another section at the end of the note. And you can just tell it what you want that section to be. Let me see if we have a pre-existing section like that. We might, but I'm going to double check.
Ms. Simmons: Okay.
Jack Waugh: Okay. What would you normally call that like a disclaimer or
Ms. Simmons: yeah, that actually should be, you know what, Jack, that should be going into the plan section of every patient.
Jack Waugh: Okay, so actually, yeah, there was a really easy way to do that. What you would do is you would go, let's, let's pull up just an example note here. So if you go to documentation and then notes. So we're going to scroll down to our plan section. Yeah. And then at the end here, let's click on that.
Ms. Simmons: Why is it so small?
Jack Waugh: That is a good question. Let's see. That might be the way the browser window is open right now. Like if you click X on that little, see the green. Yeah. And then also see the green above. Yeah. Quick X next to that. And then it gives you a little more space there.
Ms. Simmons: Okay. So follow up.
Jack Waugh: Yep. So what we're going to do is we're actually going to click this section here.
Ms. Simmons: Inside of it.
Jack Waugh: Okay. And then we're going to open that right panel again just with the little sparkle icon in the upper right hand corner. So this is our AI note editor. So I'm sorry, if you don't mind clicking that text one more time in the middle. Just on the plan section.
Ms. Simmons: Yes. Oh, so go ahead. Patient previously low impotent risk with intermittent passive SI reassessed SIHI at each visit, provide crisis resource and instruct patients to call 24/7 crisis lines or clinic. If I don't want you going to clinic, I want you calling 911 or 988. I'll hear about that later after you're after you're safe.
Jack Waugh: Yeah. So what you would actually do to change that. Is you would click on this just right in the middle of it.
Ms. Simmons: Okay.
Jack Waugh: Okay. And then C says editing plan. So what you would do is you would type in going forward, always list this message and you just type in the message you always want it to have.
Ms. Simmons: Why would I put it in? List? Correctly first? Do health crisis? Okie dokie. I mean, did I, I didn't have to put quotations. Right?
Jack Waugh: You don't have to, I don't think it hurts though. So it knows what you're referring to. And then yep. Okay. Always list if yep. And then say yes train this.
Ms. Simmons: No, I don't want it to say ed because everybody doesn't know that ED is emergency department.
Jack Waugh: Oh, okay. Yeah. So, oh, because I see what you're saying. I don't think it's going to write ED, but let's go ahead and click it.
Ms. Simmons: It has it right here under the. It spelled it out, but it listed.
Jack Waugh: Okay. And then just click yes, train this. So that way it actually does it going forward on this section. Because that way it won't just apply to this note anymore.
Ms. Simmons: Okay.
Jack Waugh: So it should be set up for you. Now. Should be on here. I think you obviously you'll still want to check that the first two times a few times you're using it to make sure it's always there. But now the nice thing is because we've set all this up. The process is simpler. It's not all this editing. It's just kind of like meant to work the way you have it set up so you can kind of just copy and paste it.
Ms. Simmons: Okay. And I'm probably overthinking things anyway because I'm just overwhelmed and it's a lot to take in and process.
Jack Waugh: That's a good thing. I think we need more mental health clinicians who care and really want, you know, their notes to be detailed. So I think that's a great thing that you're doing that. And you should be good now on that section.
Ms. Simmons: Oh, so I need. Oh, how do I set up the scribing and stuff like that?
Jack Waugh: Yeah. So I'll go ahead and get you set up with that and get you set up with the ePrescribe as well.
Ms. Simmons: This automatically does compliance checks on my notes.
Jack Waugh: Oh, the compliance checks, I believe is a different, that's if you go, so if you go with the full EHR. Side of things, that's where we add the compliance checks in there.
Ms. Simmons: Oh, Jesus.
Jack Waugh: But for now, if that's a lot, you don't need to do all that. You can just start with the scribe and the e prescribe.
Ms. Simmons: Yeah, but I also want to make sure I'm compliant as well. Because mind you, these are the, I'm going to paste these notes into headway.
Jack Waugh: Oh, you know what?
Ms. Simmons: I think headway checks for it. So it's okay.
Jack Waugh: Okay. Well, either or just let us know. We can always change that going forward. But for time being, why don't I get you set up with the scribe and the e prescribe so you have that and the labs. Yep. Oh, and the labs are already included in this.
Ms. Simmons: So, okay.
Jack Waugh: So, okay, so you're going to go to your practice. There.
Ms. Simmons: Okay.
Jack Waugh: And then to your subscription. Okay. And then you're going to do add payment method right there. And once that's there, let me know and I'll go ahead and approve you for that.
Ms. Simmons: Oh, wait. I got to get my other. Not this one.
Jack Waugh: Yeah, no problem.
Ms. Simmons: I didn't even hear them from that yard. Oh, let's just text them real quick to say I'm in a meeting and I will be submitting his payment shortly. I be like, where'd my bunny?
Jack Waugh: Change?
Ms. Simmons: Oh, no. I don't want to use that one. I don't want to use that one.
Jack Waugh: You can always change it. You can just hit update there. That's no problem.
Ms. Simmons: If you want to hit update, I forgot that says for a business credit card. Nice.
Jack Waugh: Yep. That's the way to do it.
Ms. Simmons: Let's see. There it is. What's the pin number? They gave me a temporary one.
Jack Waugh: So.
Ms. Simmons: Let's see. They didn't give me as much money as I thought they would have. I was very shocked by that. My husband said, that's okay. You're not going to need to charge that much. You don't have no patience.
Jack Waugh: Yeah, I know it's always a new anytime you're doing a new thing like that with banks and all that. It's always quite a process.
Ms. Simmons: I was literally shocked because I got two credit cards with them and they had very high limits. So when they give me that low limit, I'm like, what the hell?
Jack Waugh: Yeah, I totally hear that. Okay, so you updated it.
Ms. Simmons: You're all set.
Jack Waugh: Perfect. So what we'll do when we meet Wednesday, we'll turn on the e-prescribe as well. And that'll be the additional, I think that's like 69 a month. Yes. Okay. Cool. We'll get that set up for you Wednesday as well as the website and we'll touch base then. And in the meantime, you know, like I said, you have my email. So you can just shoot me an email if you have any other questions that come up, but we'll definitely be able to walk through any questions on Wednesday as well.
Ms. Simmons: Yes, I'll continue playing with this thing.
Jack Waugh: Awesome. Yeah, please do.
Ms. Simmons: I think I saved the link somewhere for where I look at the videos. What is this?
Jack Waugh: Oh yeah. So the browse tutorials up there. In the upper right hand corner.
Ms. Simmons: Yes.
Jack Waugh: So you, if you click on that. You see where I'm talking about.
Ms. Simmons: Yep, yep, yep.
Jack Waugh: So you can click on that and that should take you.
Ms. Simmons: Wait a second. Yes. I was telling my friend I needed to look at the videos as well because. It's a lot of information. Traditional notes. Yeah. Oh, designate your audio source.
Jack Waugh: Yeah, that would be like if you have a microphone or headphones or something else that you're wanting to input. If you're just doing the calls like right off of your computer, then you don't really have to worry about that. But the basic way that it's meant to work, right, is you go over to, I think you already maybe played around with this a little bit, but if you go over to that record window.
Ms. Simmons: Right. So on Saturday, I'm going to have my laptop out or maybe my phone. So wait, they have to sign consent to being recorded. Right?
Jack Waugh: Oh, the patient. Yes. I think, you know, that's a good question. I think there is something we have like a patient consent form on here that you can send to patients. If you go to help. I think there's like a little help button and then it says patient consent and privacy.
Ms. Simmons: Okay. You see what it says?
Jack Waugh: Oh, download template. Okay, let me flag. I'll get that to you.
Ms. Simmons: I think that's my screen where it says not foul.
Jack Waugh: Yeah, I think that's a glitch. So let me flag that. Hang on. And we'll, we'll get that to you.
Ms. Simmons: Okay. Oh, that's cool.
Ms. Simmons: But yeah, we'll, we'll go ahead. And over. I like to focus on enhanced care message better.
Jack Waugh: Yeah, that's, that's a good one to go with. Definitely.
Ms. Simmons: Yeah, I like that one better.
Jack Waugh: Because that's really what it's all about. It's actually making it so you can be able to be present with them and not have to get bogged down and the note taking and. So you can always copy and paste that message as well. For the time being. But I'll get you the official form. Oh, and Chris, Chris is actually going to send that over to you.
Ms. Simmons: Okay. Okay. Now, is there somewhere where I'm putting like my NPI number? Oh wait here. Right there. Okay, perfect. I don't have a bit rendering MPI and billing UBI.
Jack Waugh: Yeah, I think, and you can double check with Chris about that when you guys talk Wednesday. I think it's just. The maybe, you know what, double check with him because I want to tell you.
Ms. Simmons: Oh, you know what it might be, Jack, if I had a, if I had an MPI type two, because NPI type two is tied to a business because I am a sole member LLC. I don't qualify for NPI type two. I have a, you know, even though it's an LLC, but because it's just me, it doesn't qualify as type two.
Jack Waugh: Okay, that makes sense. Yeah. I think that that makes sense to me. Yeah, I mean, if you, I'll definitely double check on that as well. But I think, I think you should be okay.
Ms. Simmons: Okay.
Jack Waugh: Okay. Here differently, I'll, I'll definitely let you know, but I think you're okay.
Ms. Simmons: That's 219 a month. And just so I remember the telephone and facts are pending.
Jack Waugh: Yeah. So the facts, I believe was in the pipeline. I did remember hearing that that was pending. I can't give you an exact timeline on that. So I don't want to tell you that it's going to be like immediate for the facts. The telehealth though is like we already have that up and running. So if you want us to get you on that, we can get you on the beta mode for it.
Ms. Simmons: Okay. Now with the telehealth be considered a part of the complete EHR package.
Jack Waugh: It would. So the complete EHR would be the scribe and the E prescribe like you have now. And then it would also be telehealth and it would also be the compliance as well. Okay. And that whole bundle is 299 a month.
Ms. Simmons: Right. I have that written down. Okay. Okay.
Jack Waugh: And yeah, and we again happy when you guys talk on Wednesday, we can always give you that full thing.
Ms. Simmons: Then. Well, I can't sign up for it just yet. I have everything written down.
Jack Waugh: Sure. Yeah. If not now, then when you have the right patient volume for it, that's totally fine.
Ms. Simmons: I prayerfully pray. Please within the next two months.
Jack Waugh: Absolutely. No, I'm, I will be. And you know, I'm also excited for you that you'll actually be able to start this practice and not have to worry about some of the things that so many practitioners do have to worry about when they start. You know, there's just so much red tape around it.
Ms. Simmons: So yeah, so prayerfully, I will have volume in the next few months. I have to reach out to some therapists I know because they told me that once I got started, they would refer some patients to me for medication management.
Jack Waugh: Oh, awesome. That's great. Well, I'm glad to hear that. And I will definitely keep you in my prayers for that. And, you know, I have a good feeling about it.
Ms. Simmons: So, well, thank you for your time. You see my head shot I use for when I don't show my video.
Jack Waugh: No, I don't think.
Ms. Simmons: Now I got to make sure that's what's on my job site. Now I got to make sure I look like that on Saturday when a patient come see me in person.
Jack Waugh: Anyway, you show up. I'm sure we'll be awesome.
Ms. Simmons: Well, thank you so much for your time and the information and I will see you again on Wednesday.
Jack Waugh: Yeah. Looking forward to it. And like I said, any other questions come up from now to them, just shoot me an email. Got you any information you need.
Ms. Simmons: So, okay, no problem. Thank you. Bye.