Adam Harrison: Getting us to this point so far. Zayden is going to be our kind of dedicated customer success point of contact going forward.
Lee Harrold: Awesome. Well, hey, great to meet you, Vaden.
vayden.hicks: All right. Are we expecting anyone else today before we jump off, or is the group.
Adam Harrison: I think this is it.
vayden.hicks: Amazing. And also apologies on my side as well. Corey and I think have two different colds, but I might need to go off camera for a second. To where? My nose or sneeze or something. So apologies in advance if that happens.
Adam Harrison: No worries. It's that time of year. I feel like.
vayden.hicks: It is. I don't know what happened. I felt like our. Our whole office, especially beginning of this week, has just gotten taken out by it. So clearly we're all passing something around, but hopefully we'll be a little stronger for it towards the end of the week.
Adam Harrison: Yes, yes.
vayden.hicks: Agree. Right. Well, with all of that, welcome to the kickoff call. Like I mentioned, very, very excited to have you all here.
vayden.hicks: What we're going to start off with is just a couple of very high level Wick actually kind of already did team intros. But we've got an intro slide on here in case you guys need to refer back to anything. And then what I want to start with is kind of what we know about Drop Psych, how we understand the use case, what you guys are doing today and where we'd like to get you to. And then the bulk of the call is going to be spent around additional discovery, figuring out exactly how you'd like to implement it, kind of what you're envisioning, and then the best levers that we can pull to make sure that we're getting you to the spot where this is integrated as seamlessly as possible. And then we'll end on next steps.
vayden.hicks: Is there anything else you want to make sure that we have some time to cover today?
Lee Harrold: But those income kind of whenever they'll be quick.
vayden.hicks: Yes, of course. Feel free to pepper and pop in with questions throughout. That I'm going to skip by intros. We'll start with a little bit of what we know about Dropsych today. And correct me if I'm wrong on any of this, but Right now Job Sec is kind of the clinical note taker, an AI scribe for about 200,000 patient visits per month, and so is acting as kind of like the liaison between patient provider and then helping to streamline the workflows of the actual charting and documentation process that's super time consuming and can be error prone. As it stands today, there's not like an integrated eligibility tool within the platform, so clinicians are relying on their own EHRs, or systems, to determine what eligibility is for a patient ahead of the appointment. But this is a feature that's been requested by a couple of partners of your guys'and, so is why you're kind of exploring. The nirvana side of things and figuring out how to implement an eligibility tool into your existing system. Does that sound right so far?
Adam Harrison: Yeah, I would say that's broadly correct. The only thing I would layer on top of that is we are for a smaller number of customers expanding into a more end to end solution. So handling not just the notes, but also the billing insurance. So we integrate with a clearinghouse to do that. We can do patient payments directly from the platform as well. Intake forms. All that stuff. So I would say right now, our wedge is sort of this notetaker. But we are becoming this, like, much broader practice management platform and eligibility will obviously be a key part of that. Particularly for those customers who are using us as more than just a note taker.
vayden.hicks: Got it. That's very cool. Where are you guys at in that process? Is it early on when you're building out some of those processes, or are you pretty established and have it rolled out with a couple key customers?
Adam Harrison: Yeah, we're kind of just onboarding our first cohort of customers right now, so. We're in sort of the design partner phase of that at this stage, but some good early traction, I would say. There.
vayden.hicks: Got it. Very cool. And sounds like the perfect time to kind of loop us into that conversation as well, when you're still. Have the flexibility, but also the direction of knowing where you're going.
Adam Harrison: Absolutely.
vayden.hicks: In terms of where we like, how I understand where you'd like to go and how we would like to embed. Is to take Nirvana's eligibility tools and then embed them natively within this, what sounds like your practice management tool and kind of create more of that end to end workflow and trying to keep providers and clinicians within your one centralized platform as opposed to needing to have up their ehr Nirvana. Draw psych and different having to balance between different tabs and as a result of this, enabling some of that real time eligibility feedback, either ahead of appointments, during appointments, after the fact for collection, having that be a tool that they can leverage as well. And using this both for individual providers, but also across some of the provider groups and networks that you're working with as well.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, that's right.
Adam Harrison: We already have built an initial version into the products, which we could show you if it's helpful. How that looks at some point later in the call.
vayden.hicks: Yes, I would love to see that. Actually, I feel like that might be, this might be a good point to just quickly take a look at that, because a lot of the questions we have next are going to be explored, and it might answer some of those. Pieces. So why don't I stop sharing really quickly here?
Adam Harrison: Yeah, I can pull up. Pull it up here. Give me one second. I got to log into an account. It's got the feature turned on.
vayden.hicks: No worries. I know I put you on the spot there,
Adam Harrison: but I guess as I'm pulling this up, what were your questions you were hoping to get answered here?
vayden.hicks: Yes. So a lot of it is just around how you all are envisioning implementing Nirvana. So given the workflow that you have today, where you think. Where you're thinking, it'll make the most sense. To have an eligibility check done. If it's at scheduling, if it's at Take when patients are completing forms, if it's during the appointment. Just getting a little bit more information and kind of ideation from you, all of what the desired outcome would be, and then obviously can back in and make some recommendations based on best practices as well.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, I can, kind of. So I think broadly, I would say we're a little bit in the discovery phase around that right now. We're actually like, one of the questions we had was we're kind of curious to see how some of your other customers are approaching this, but I think. The two logical points that I'm sort of seeing. This would be either driven by the calendar and sort of maybe 24 hours prior to the appointment, there's a check that runs. We have a calendar built into our product, something like that. And maybe we're just surfacing eligibility issues for the next day. That's one version. I think we also, there's probably a more manual version that will happen. Right. If you just want to run like a one off check. I think also we do have intake forms. Built into the product. So if there is a way to. When we get that form back, it'll have insurance info and kind of like other demographic info in there. So that might be also a logical place to kind of all. The call nirvana. So I think we're trying to discover in this design phase, like, how exactly our customers work and our setup. We have a mix of. We have some solo providers who are like, they don't have any staff. They just do things on their own. And for them, the solution is probably a little different than our larger clinics that have a front desk and are kind of like have someone more dedicated to the patient facing intake and comms and that side of things. So, yeah, I think we are still early in our thinking there, to be honest, around what that could look like.
vayden.hicks: Well, that makes a lot of sense, and I'm happy to share some of examples of kind of what other clients and partners have done. Typically, where we are integrated is one of two places. It's either at intake or for what we call continuous monitoring. So an ongoing basis. Since you guys have with the intake use case typically means is for brand new patients that are coming in for the first time. So we get embedded at maybe in a scheduling tool. Or something like that, where a patient goes to visit their provider's website. Clicks Book appointment now enters their details. And then after they enter their details, we're able to produce a u owe a $20 copay through Aetna. So give them some more cost transparency up front. Really helps to actually boost conversion rates. People are much more likely to book an appointment if they know what they're going to pay ahead of time. It also helps with retention over time. Just not having anyone be surprised by $250 bill if they all of a sudden haven't met their deductible and they're going to need to pay. That so helps to kind of expectations set. So that's one use case. The second use case, which I think will be a little bit more relevant for you all, is more on an ongoing basis. So people are coming in for therapy appointments every week, every two weeks, whatever it might be. And checking. Typically, we recommend five to seven days ahead of that appointment. So what that will do is it will give eligibility information so that you're able to collect upfront. If that's something that interests you all. And also if there is any sort of error or discrepancy coming back with the eligibility check, like pay the payer has gone down. And so we're not results back. It gives teams that advance notice and heads up to be able to address that before the appointment or say, hey, the plan is actually inactive. So they thought it was active, but they've actually provided an old insurance insurance in 2025 instead of 2026. Let's make sure that we get that new card on file ahead of them being seen for an appointment so that they're not having to pay out a product. So.
Adam Harrison: Got it.
vayden.hicks: We would typically recommend an implementation. Like five to seven days in advance for that. Some people also do a day before check, so that's also an option.
Adam Harrison: Okay? Okay, that's helpful. Context. All right, cool. Yeah, let me pull up. We can do a quick demo here. I'm actually just going to put in my insurance here so we can look at an example.
Lee Harrold: Classic hi deductible.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, exactly.
Lee Harrold: Vitamin C became my primary care provider. I don't remember when that was. It's been a bit.
Adam Harrison: Oh, you know, I put in the wrong number. Hold on. Let's see if that works. Okay, so this is a little bit of Intro to Jot psych here. This is kind of like what it looks like when you get into the product. So we have. If I zoom in somewhat. Make this. Hold on. You can see. So you have, like, a calendar here with all your appointments. This is like a list of all your patients. I'm looking at myself in my chart here. We have, you know, patient notes. No templates, intake forms. There's a whole bunch of stuff around billing over here, and this is more just kind of like setting up your practice. But right now, we're eligible. Lives is like, well, here is one. Kind of like just next on the patient tab. And then also in this billing tab. Although, Lee, I don't know if we need date of birth. Do we need date of birth to do a check?
Lee Harrold: Yeah.
Adam Harrison: We do, okay. So, let's see. What happens here. See how good my coverage is for behavioral health. It's active, which is good. And then if I click into this, we'll see, kind of. The coverage details. We're still trying to, you know, workshop what exactly, because there's, you know, a number of different fields that we API returns. So we're trying to figure out what exactly we want to return and if we want to give people the ability to, like, you know, sometimes the eligibility check. I was just talking to someone yesterday. Who is like, yes, I'm a specialist, so I should be like, a specialist. But whenever I get my ERA back, it shows me as primary. And so the copay should be 50. It's actually 25, but the eligibility check will always show 50. So we probably want some way for folks to be able to track their own, like, rules and inputs in here. But right now, this is kind of like what we. What we show, just, like, the basics of the plan.
vayden.hicks: Got it. Yes, and happy to provide some insight, too, from our end on what our partners typically find most valuable and what they're kind of looking for in some of these results. A lot of that. Also, if you want kind of a quick way, is do you all have access to 1 verify our platform.
Adam Harrison: I don't know that we've did. We set that up? I don't remember. I think we just sent an Excel sheet or something.
Nirvana: Yeah, we were just doing everything via spreadsheets.
vayden.hicks: Okay, got it. So then. One verifies, kind of like our in house platform that makes our tool accessible. Without requiring an API integration. And so a lot of our recommendations around what to include. In terms of like, benefit information. Carve outs tpas, additional payers, secondary policies, things like that. Live on that page, so. I don't see an issue with getting you guys access to that and kind of letting you play around and see how we've displayed it and then choosing from those what you think will be most valuable to include on your page.
vayden.hicks: And then obviously just accessing it through the API as opposed to through one Verify.
Adam Harrison: Sweet.
vayden.hicks: All right. I'm going to reshare my screen again. And before we jump completely into discovery for the rest of the call, wanted to just talk about what? A successful partnership would look like for you all here. I've kind of filled in the first two bullet points, one of which being reducing the provider and also the administrative burden for documentation and eligibility and kind of addressing that end to end workflow and then keeping things within one centralized hub. But is there anything else in particular that you're really hoping to achieve through the partnership with Nirvana? That you want to kind of goal set here in our kickoff call.
Adam Harrison: No, I think. I think these are the main things. I think obviously, like, the accuracy and simplicity of it is something that is, like, obviously important. And identifying like edge cases that you may miss with a regular check. If. It's, you know, carve out or, you know, wrong member ID or, you know, other all the, like, flags that you have built in. So I think priority is on simplicity, accuracy and like, ease of, ease of use. For sure as like a third I would I might put here.
vayden.hicks: Okay? Amazing. Got it. Yeah. Sounds like some of those things that you're listing off are kind of the denial risks. That you ahead of time and so making sure that those are raised so that you can address them, especially ahead of if you guys are filing the claims ahead of those going out to make sure you've got. As high a success rate there as possible. All right. With that. Excuse me. These are kind of some of the other exploratory questions that I had had outlined for today. We've talked through a few of these already. One of which one that I was still a little bit curious on was, I know Corey mentioned some of your other partners had requested an eligibility feature like this. How much interest have you Would you say there has been around an additional eligibility feature within your tool, and has it been concentrated across a few key partners? Has it been pretty broad interest kind of gauging. Who might be interested and then also what their existing workflows today. Are. For eligibility if you know.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, I would say for anyone who's doing, like, our billing service, it's going to be pretty mission critical. So you know all those folks? It's pretty much everyone is going to be using that, right? That's like a smaller cohort. And then I think there will be a broader. Like. Segment of users, you know, a smaller cohort on a proportional basis of our, like, full user base that's mostly using us for notes that will also kind of discover this and use it and find it to be a lot easier than, like, what they're currently doing. So I think it'll be. It'll be kind of a mix of, like, billing power users and then, like, you know, some other users across the broader base that just want to do notes, but also find this to be, like, an easy way to do eligibility.
vayden.hicks: Got it. Okay. And how is you said that there are some like billing power users, some heavier like note taker users. How does your product work today? Is it you kind of buy into jot second, you have access to everything. And so they're able to kind of pick and choose where they'd like to spend their time or are there billing specific plans or note taker specific plans? How is that stratified?
Adam Harrison: Yeah. So there's Billings. There's, like, a base plan that has kind of everything. Except for billing. And then billing is like an add on, but, like, in terms of the availability of eligibility. You know, it's something that'll be available to everyone, and they'll just pay like a, you know, a meter. You know, a usage cost with the same that you charge us, Right? They'll pay a usage basis, but it'll be available to everyone. Broadly, a lot of our features are like available to everyone right now. We do have some add ons for certain things that just make sense to put put behind the paywall, billing being one of them, prescribing being another one.
vayden.hicks: Okay? Got it. Excuse me. That makes sense from a rollout standpoint, too. That keeps us, I think it keeps it simpler in a lot of ways where we're saying we can do some promotion around the eligibility tool that launched. Here's where it is. You have access to it. It's utilization based to try it out and see what you think. A lot of where I would be curious to explore with you guys is. And I might just need to poke around a little bit more on the the platform as well. But figuring out. Exactly where and when those checks get run so that we're making sure everyone who's coming in, they're seeing it in the place. That's convenient. Makes sense. And that's a visible. A visible tool to them that they're able to then take action on if there is something that's coming back as a flag.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, for sure. We haven't done a broad rollout of this yet, but, you know, really what we are, what we're kind of anchoring on. Like, people spend a lot of time looking at the patient chart, and that could be right before the appointment oftentimes. So it's ideally we would run this, like, you know, further out. But if I go back here to the chart, right? You know, this goes as, like, verified, right? Cover. Prior to running the check, this would show a little kind of like, you know, caution icon here. And so I think we're going to get a lot of discovery of people kind of just clicking on that to see what happens. I think it will also show up. Yeah, Lee, we probably can talk more about, like, the discovery process, but if there's anything like we should review offline as we prepare to do a broader rollout of, like, case studies of others and how they have maybe embedded it or people who've had a similar other customers that have, like, a similar tool. To ours would be happy to, like, incorporate any of those. You know, principles or learnings, you know, installates how we do our rollouts. We are just sort of like, testing it with a small number of people at this point and getting some initial feedback.
vayden.hicks: Yep. I will take a look at our case study page. Excuse me. At our case study page, see if there's any that I think are really applicable to you. I'll probably skew more towards that continuous monitoring bucket that I was talking earlier and send those your ways that you can take a look at those. In the meantime, what would be I'd be interested in talking about next week or next time we meet would be kind of where. If you guys have analytics on where people are spending time, it sounds like on the patient chart is one of them. But figuring out the kind of where people are looking, where people are spending the bulk of their time, and then we can back into the best place. There might be to plug something like this. In.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, and I do also. I know we're at time. I know Lee had a couple more technical questions. Wanted to just make sure he had a chance to go through those. And if we need to circle offline, you know that that's fine, too.
vayden.hicks: Yes, absolutely.
Lee Harrold: Yeah, I can fire him off. So there's really just three? The first is. Do you know, off the top of your head, if the. Estimate endpoint is going to return different results if we supply different CPT codes. Like in terms of patient share cost.
vayden.hicks: If you're changing the cpt code. May, but typically, what we recommend is passing in modality.
vayden.hicks: Modality is kind of our. More of a general.
Lee Harrold: Regardless of the service. The modality. Okay, cool.
vayden.hicks: So the modality. Which it just helps to generalize a little bit more. So if you're looking at, like, modality might be, like, evaluation and management for more of, like, primary care or a medication check appointment versus psychotherapy versus physical therapy versus radiology. So it just kind of helps to bucket a little bit more cleanly and then within those modality buckets, the cost share will change.
Lee Harrold: Okay, Sweet. And then same question, provider for provider session cost. We've just been hard coding. $150.
vayden.hicks: Yes. So for a copay like a straight co pay plan, you're probably not going to run into issues with that because it's going to be assuming there's no deductible to copay after deductible, it'll be $20 each time or whatever it might be. Where you can run into a little bit of nuance with that is for coinsurance and deductible policies, because what we're able to pull back is it's maybe a 10% coinsurance policy, but we're going to take 10% of that $150 that you're passing. In.
vayden.hicks: And if the session cost is actually $210, then those values aren't going to be the same. And so that's somewhere where. We would recommend. Passing through the right session rate or adjusting for it on the back end.
Lee Harrold: Sweet. And then all the other question I think you recommended. The lifespan of a check is between, like, five and eight days. We've just been doing seven. What gets us to five to eight? Like, like, how often does. Does this actually change? And it's a little surprising to me as a patient.
vayden.hicks: So normally we'll say, like, check five to seven days before we see very minimal shifting within the seven day window. For the most part, we see more of it towards the end of the year as people start hitting their deductibles. And so it might, you might hear out of pocket max, if I hit your deductible. And so cost share might change then, but especially at the beginning of the year, it's very minimal. Fluctuation within seven days of the appointment.
Lee Harrold: Sounds great. Yeah. I can't wait to get this on a schedule and just run it seven days ahead of every. Every appointment. It'll be sweet.
vayden.hicks: Yeah.
Adam Harrison: No, it will. Sorry, One more follow up question to the modality thing.
Adam Harrison: So pretty much everyone on our platform is either a psychiatrist, a psychiatric nurse practitioner, or a therapist.
Adam Harrison: So they all fall within that, like, behavioral health umbrella, which I don't know. Like, when you're doing the check, is it looking at like, behavioral health benefits for coverage? Is it looking at like, med management versus therapy for the check, or is it actually looking at CPT code? Or does it just depend on the Payer. That is sort of like one thing I don't quite understand, like what we should be inputting for that, like CPT code or modality or whatever the higher one level above that is.
vayden.hicks: We typically recommend inputting. If you have cpt, feel free to pass it through. That'll get you the most, like. Specific result modality is one step above that. And just being a bit more broad and kind of all encompassing. And so it's something that we've developed. And I can send over kind of like a mapping and some guidelines there as well, just to make things a little bit easier for someone who's maybe front office worker who's not as familiar. With 90834 or versus 90837. But does know that they're here for a med management check? And so can just plug that piece in.
Lee Harrold: But.
vayden.hicks: The end result. You should. You'll be getting to the same place whether or not you put in. Like a psychotherapy. Or a 90834. Those two are kind of like married together versus a met management and that management CPT code.
vayden.hicks: So all paths kind of lead back to the same place. As long as they're within those bucketed CPT modality groups. So I can send those groupings.
Adam Harrison: But like med management versus psychotherapy, those are going to be different results.
vayden.hicks: They can be. Not always.
Adam Harrison: Yeah. Okay. Okay, so we probably need to find a way for a user if. They're like a psychiatrist. They might have a different modality than a therapist on the platform. So we probably need to find a way to call the API differently, depending on who's. Who's doing the check.
vayden.hicks: Yeah, and let me. I'll take that as a takeaway, too, is seeing how often I know it happens. Sometimes I don't have a number off the top of my head for how often, but figuring out how often there are discrepancies for the same policies with different CPT codes. All right, we're a little over time here. But.
vayden.hicks: Do we have? And, Corey, you might know this as well. Kind of like a standing meeting on the books for this team.
Nirvana: No. Right. As of right now, we don't.
vayden.hicks: Okay. Typically, we'll recommend setting up kind of a weekly meeting through these on board, this onboarding phase, just so we're connecting regularly and kind of continuing forward with that momentum. Is there a particular day of the week that you all prefer? To have a standing meeting that's a little less busy and hectic or.
Adam Harrison: I'm also happy. Do you want to just keep this time going forward and then we can, like, adjust as needed?
vayden.hicks: Yes, that should work. That works for me. Corey, is that all right for you?
Nirvana: Yeah, that's perfect.
vayden.hicks: Okay? Great. We will get that invite sent off and then we'll also follow up with some of the kind of outstanding items on our side. And as well as case studies and any other additional information we can provide.
Adam Harrison: Awesome. Thank you so much. Really appreciate the support. And we're, yeah, very excited to kind of get up and roll in here.
vayden.hicks: Yes, agreed. Same on our side. Great to meet you both.
Nirvana: Yeah. Thanks, everybody.
vayden.hicks: Thank you.