Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, I can imagine. Well, I would love to hear more about it at some point. My book, but. But for. For another time. Brandon, nice to meet you.
bfarler: Hello. Hi. Nice to meet you.
Nathan Peereboom: All right. You're giving Brittany a run for her money in terms of audio quality. I feel like I'm on a radio show right now.
bfarler: Oh, gosh, it's so good.
Nathan Peereboom: It's so good. It's so nice.
Nathan Peereboom: Uh, well, I'm glad.
bfarler: I'm glad it works out. Sometimes these. These calls can end up being it. It's just nice. I. I sit right next to the router and. Yeah, it helps.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): It's also. That's a gaming headset that I see too, which also helps.
bfarler: It is.
bfarler: Yeah, it is. HyperX.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Yep.
Nathan Peereboom: Are you guys both gamers?
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): I am.
bfarler: How have I never known this about you?
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Yeah. I don't know.
bfarler: What do you play?
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Sorry, it's just so. So many things.
Nathan Peereboom: So many things.
bfarler: Do you do any ring?
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): I did, yeah.
bfarler: I did my game.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Yeah, I just got done with Star Wars Outlaw.
bfarler: Okay.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Yeah.
bfarler: That's awesome.
Nathan Peereboom: What's your. What are your councils of choice?
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): I actually just play off Amazon. Luna, I use. But ps, you know, the PS series has always been my favorite.
Nathan Peereboom: Wow.
bfarler: Well, I'm so sorry.
Nathan Peereboom: I just had to take a little multivitamin. Brandon, it's so good to meet you. Can you start out just by giving me an introduction to you and what you do, and then I'll walk you through kind of who we are?
bfarler: Yeah. My name is Brandon Farler. I am a nurse anesthetist. I have a job at an atrium medical center in Middletown, Ohio, where I do all forms of anesthesia. And then I also own Elevated Horiz. It's a startup mental health company where we're seeking to use Bravado and ketamine to help clients with depression and anxiety. Currently hit a few roadblocks with it just along the last year, the most recent being my provider quit. So we had to restart the credentialing process for a new provider. And that can take a while to get up and going just because insurance companies aren't concerned about timelines. But yeah. So the clinic is in Westchester, Ohio. Start seeing patients hopefully within the next couple weeks, because that's about when credentialing should be cleared up. And I have a psychiatric nurse practitioner who 1099 is with me at that office. And, yeah, I just had a baby in November, so his name's Jasper. I have a wife named Rebecca. She's from Brazil.
Nathan Peereboom: Oh, congrats.
bfarler: Yeah, thank you.
Nathan Peereboom: Well, that's awesome. You and I have a few things in common. I grew up on the east side of Cleveland, so I know. I know your area really well. And my grandmother was an anesthetist, so.
bfarler: Really?
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. Yeah. So. So, yeah, we. We have a little bit of overlap here. What has Brittany kind of told you about us, what we do? I'm kind of curious what context you have coming in here.
bfarler: Yeah, I chatted with Bill the other day and he kind of gave me the scoop that smartscribe was similar to, as your name would suggest, a dictation company that helps AI write notes with providers and clients.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. Okay, cool. So, you know, we right now are partnering with Tidemark in a totally like, optional pilot program where we're introducing, you know, our software to folks like yourself. And, you know, the first thing we want you to know is there's absolutely, like, no pressure here. You know, Brittany and I have worked together for quite a while at this point. We love the work that she does, and we've built an AI scribe that is specially designed for the billing cycle. I think you probably know, you mentioned it. I heard it a little bit earlier. Insurance companies aren't that concerned with timelines. And that's something that is true during the credentialing process, but it's also true during the prior authorization process. It's true during the eligibility process. It's true during the, you know, submission of claims and retrieval of claims, the appeal and denials process, the reclamation of funds. And you know, you, you could be, you know, convinced that actually they, they were very interested in timelines, but they just wanted the timelines to go longer and longer and longer. So what is jot psych do? As I mentioned, we're an AI scribe, but the whole thing about REI Scribe is we do things before the actual encounter and after. So before the encounter, we actually take your payer documents and we like, look through them to figure out like, what's in here that tells us how to write the perfect note for you. And then after, we will actually use those same rules to look at the note and discover, hey, what are the chances that Brandon is going to be, you know, you know, either audited or, you know, have something that gets clawed back based on what's in the note versus what's in the CPT code. But the biggest reason why folks use us is really just the time savings. I mean, it's just such a huge, massive thing to save time on your notes. But, you know, that, that, that's kind of the center of the bell curve answer. I'm sort of curious for you, like, what is your relationship to documentation? Do you do a lot of documentation? Is that a big part of your world?
bfarler: Yeah, so documentation is a huge part of my, in my anesthesia world. In this world, my documentation is a lot less clinical. When I put notes in charts, it's a note for somebody else to read. That's not going to be an insurance company you're billing. It's. Communication between provider, myself, or it's something just a memory stick for me to remember in the future a specific detail, that kind of a thing about a client. So I don't ever really write clinical notes. All of my clinical practices in anesthesia, this is strictly kind of owner, administrator. I'll call when we have clients. I'll call them and see how they're doing, just in a general sense and place a note in the chart for that. But our nurse practitioners are the people who write the clinical notes that will get submitted to insurance companies.
Nathan Peereboom: Gotcha. And when you, I mean, what is. Do you review those notes? Do you like, what's your relationship, I guess with the documentation that happens inside of your company?
bfarler: So primarily the notes I will review will be those that are related to ketamine Spravato only to make sure that I see there has been appropriate documentation of indications and also importantly, contraindications. If somebody's going to have ketamine, I want to make sure that we have pertinent negatives in the note to defend ourselves court if we ever had to. But that's. That's about it.
Nathan Peereboom: Gotcha. What, what percentage of your notes do you review?
bfarler: Right now I don't have a lot of notes to review because our client base is not coming in. When we do have clients, I do read through them all, but we have a small client base right now.
Nathan Peereboom: Gotcha. Can you help me just bring me into like your world with, you know, with Brittany? Like, how did you all start working together and in particular, what have you found challenging about, you know, billing, I guess, pre tide Mark. And yeah, just like I would love to understand more about the context for what you. What you're like wanting to keep in house versus wanting to, if you know, in a dream world, you know, partner with someone to solve.
bfarler: Yeah. So I met Brittany through a good friend of mine, kind of friend of the family. Family Brian. He owns a similar practice to us in Columbus. And I had been having issues with my previous billing company. They just wouldn't answer.
bfarler: Like I would send an email, no response. I would call, no answer. None of the bills were submitted at all. I think they maybe submitted two clients. I told them I would list. I told him I was firing them and terminating them. And they never responded to that. They just completely went dark and went away. And it was the strangest thing because we had a great introductory call and it was honestly a lesson in how deceptive some certain corporations can be because yeah, like, it was great. They had a very professional presentation had a team. And then when I gave access and login information and start the billing process, they just stopped talking to me entirely. And then Brian, my friend at Columbus, recommended Tide, Mark and Brittany and Bill, they've been great. They've been awesome as far as things that I could see having a third party handle.
bfarler: I am all about making the process as automated and paperless and technicality free for the providers because I've worked in a heavily regulated system for the last 10 years. Healthcare is extremely regulated and it is just the bane of my existence to walk in and say, oh, your mask is too low. Oh, you didn't close the door all the way here.
bfarler: I mean, it's just insane. All the crazy small little things in healthcare that can really become burdensome. I think hospitals are especially prone to that. But even in a clinical scenario, I want my providers to be able to walk in, talk to their clients, put in their orders, a note and leave.
bfarler: I don't want them to have to think about, oh, did we meet this regulatory statute or oh, do we do xyz? I want it to be a place where they can just come in, have a good time, do do their jobs, be fulfilled and go home without having to worry about anything.
Nathan Peereboom: You mentioned some of these in room regulatory hiccups. You know, the door, the mask. What else is on that list for you?
bfarler: Most of those are all hospital things that I've purposely tried to keep out of my practice. So a really goofy one is beard covers. They want you to wear beard covers in the hospital. They have really dumb rules about medications as an anesthetist that bother me. So if I have a vial that's this large and it has 100 milliliters of a drug in it, even if I use a clean syringe every single time I have to waste it between patients. And people wonder why the cost of health care is high if, if we're doing a total joint. They're super concerned about how many people come in and out of the room and they'll, they'll try to quote studies. It's just, it's silly things. I think. I think as far as elevated goes, having, having a note that simply documents that we crossed off the pertinent negatives for ketamine and spravato and documented the indications and are reimbursed for it is just my primary concerns.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): I can speak a little bit about that, Nate. And I can tell you that some of the things that we face specifically with the billing partner, that's his family friend, is exact start and shop times and now they're getting to the point where they even want inventory lot numbers so that they can prove like if they're doing buy in bill, they, they actually purchase the drug and they're not just trying to pull one over on the insurance. Company. And so it's getting even worse. And what we're finding is the insurance payers are wanting less and less for the observation codes or they're paying less and less. Let me rephrase that. They're paying less and less. And so you're seeing this intersection of the providers feeling like their time is really valuable and micromanaged during that observation window. And you're going to see if you don't have something like an AI scribe or a very, very template templatized clinical note, you're going to see where providers are going to start copying and pasting that just so they can be as efficient as possible.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, yeah, that makes, that makes a ton of sense. Brittany, do you, I guess, you know, given that. Brittany. Brittany, does Brandon's friends down in Columbus or. Brandon, do you. Do you guys use or have you experimented with, with AI scribes to kind of protect you from this? We call it like the salt tendency, like the same as last time, like the tendency just to copy forward. And you know, obviously that's like a super risky thing.
bfarler: I see that all the time now. Not in my practice. We simply don't have enough clients right now. We're just waiting to be able to start seeing clients again.
bfarler: But I see that all the time in the hospital setting.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): We actually, yeah, we actually. There's this other clinic out in California where the providers were copying and pasting their, their notes. And it's caused like extrapolation from the insurance companies where they extrapolated from 38 claims, set a total of 8,000 claims, that they actually owe them 1.8 million back for 10 notes that were copied and pasted.
Nathan Peereboom: Wow. Wow, that is. Yeah, man, that like, it kind of makes me like cringe just to like hear the. Because, you know, we talk to clinics all the time who go through these audit clawbacks. And my understanding is based on what I've been told by people who have actually gone through them. I, I haven't, but I, you know, what I've heard is that they, they basically destroy your business because, you know, if you are paying out, particularly if you're paying out, you know, employees, you know, or 1099 contractors, however they're structured, you have money going out the door every single month for, you know, months and months and months, and then the clawback is just out of your pocket. So you end up being just in a really hard, hard situation. Brandon, when do you guys anticipate you'll start seeing patients again? What's the timeline in your imagination
bfarler: by the end of this upcoming month, by the end of March is is my hope. I think that all of our credentialing through the companies will be done by that point.
bfarler: I've been keeping in good, good communication with the PsyMP, who we'll be working with, so.
Nathan Peereboom: Gotcha.
bfarler: Soon as we get that cleared and get the availability.
Nathan Peereboom: What is your, I guess, like, at a spiritual level? Like, what's your dream with this business? Like, are you trying to. Is it the kind of thing where you're like, I want to run, you know, just me and, you know, this one other employee. Like, just a practice, the two of us. Is your dream to hire a bunch of people and expand outside of, you know, the. The area of Northeast Ohio? You're like, what's your. Yeah, what is your. Your kind of spiritual north star with the business?
bfarler: I would love to expand it a lot. I'd say. It's just been. I mean, it's my first time owning any kind of a business or practice. We' a lot of regulatory road bumps along the way, and it's been just a bit of a rough start, honestly. But the dream was always and still is, in a sense, not to just have a single provider. I wanted to get a single provider in the door, create an environment that they enjoyed working in, and have them build up a base and then expand our offerings of services. I wanted to primarily focus on ketamine and spravato. Like, I think they are great interventions. I think they work. I think they help people. You know, they are a bit more complex to implement, but I think they're worth it. And then once we had that basis established, I wanted to kind of go into maybe bringing on a counselor, maybe bringing on a nutritionist. The space I'm in is rather large for what we have. I think we have about 21 or 2,400 square feet right now. Four separate offices, two infusion areas, a reception. Like, we can really put more people in there. It's just a matter of getting off the ground. Yes. I mean, to give you another example of how regulation harms healthcare, the first year I wanted to do this. To do this, you have to have a DEA registration, and you can do individual provider DEAs where the provider just signs off and orders the drugs.
bfarler: But since I'm wanting to bring in more people, you can also do what's called a site registration that allows you to have all the DEA stuff go through a single number at the location.
bfarler: That's a lot more efficient, better way to do it. And the dea, for no reason, held my license for five months.
Nathan Peereboom: Oh, wow.
bfarler: They. They just. I emailed them and called them and it was, you know.
Nathan Peereboom: But, yeah, so that's.
bfarler: That's kind of where I'd like it to get. I'd like to get it up and going, start seeing clients, bring in a second provider, bring in a counselor, and just kind of build it out.
Nathan Peereboom: When you think about the upstart process, we think about there being obviously that DEA registration, credentialing, patient acquisition, provider, clinician acquisition Is there another category of things that you feel is, like, really weighing on you right now or slowing you down?
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): What about room certification, Brandon?
bfarler: I have the room certification.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Yeah, but it's a. It's a lengthy process, too, in and of itself.
bfarler: Yes, it is. Yeah. And, and also I would say having a provider that's willing to work, the first provider I had, I learned a hard lesson and that you shouldn't hire your friends. And, and they. She came on, she was credentialed. She started seeing some medication management clients and say, hey, Heidi, you know, can you give me some availability? You know, it's like, sure, how about one day next week?
bfarler: Yeah, who can plan for that? Like, people have lives. There's no way they're going to sign up to do, you know, so.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, yeah.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): And, you know, the, the other thing that I can speak to is being a clinic owner myself, is that turnover can be really. It can be a lot with providers. They'll come in. You know, you spend all this time getting credentialed, you're as honest with them as you can be upfront about the, the length of the time for the credentialing. You finally get them paneled and then they', okay, thanks for building my caseload. Because you built up a wait list and it's been there for a week and then they just try to take that caseload and leave and go somewhere else and make 100% of the profit and going to, like, headway or, you know, Allmer or something like that. And so, you know, you really do have to put a lot into the culture in the environment to attract talent that really wants to stay.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, yeah. When, Brandon, when you think. Yeah, Brittany, we hear this all the time when you think about creating an environment where people do want to stay, because it sounds like, yeah, you have this kind of horizontal dream of adding different services, having a place where people can come. And I mean, I know, like, you know, you know, like, like there's a whole different way to, like, think about the exact terminology and frame of that. But what do you think? Like, what's your. How are you building your tech stack, your software stack, the system that everyone lives inside?
bfarler: Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: To make that attractive for the people that you work with.
bfarler: I've done it in this way. I first tried to make everything paperless. Like, I don't even like using the fax machine. We have. We have a Microsoft 365 subscription and all of our business documents that are related to the business. Everybody can get to them through a 365 account.
bfarler: We all have our own 365 email. The calling system we use at the office also rings to our cell phones, so you don't even have to physically be present at the office to answer that. Our website, the forum, links directly to our emails. So if somebody has a submission it comes right to me or right to the provider. They don't have to worry about getting on. Do anything else, look at it. Same thing. I mean this isn't related directly, but as far as technologies go, even our security system is remote. So I can turn it off and turn it on. I can view the place remotely, I can go back for the last 60 days and look at video footage. And then as far as the EHR side of it, I do. Enjoy that. Tebra is online based. You know, providers can get on. We do offer telehealth. Obviously Spravato and Ketamine are not for telehealth, but. Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: How, how have you used Tebra before? It sounds like, you know, it's web based. Did you use it like, have you been using it previously?
bfarler: No, this was my first time. I used it at Brian's recommendation when I was looking for EHRs.
Nathan Peereboom: Got it. How did you come to the decision that Teber was going to be your ehr?
bfarler: I liked that it was portal based. I had multiple meetings with him prior to signing it. I liked that it also had a lot of integrated categories in it. You could look at prescriptions, you could look at previous charts, you could pull into labs, you know, had kind of all that. And then when I. Yeah.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): One of the things that I like about Tebra that other EHR stacks don't necessarily do is they've created an, like. Oh, a provider directory of sorts where, you know, it showcases their providers that they have that you can build out a unique profile and patients can schedule from. I'll tell you that, you know, from a. It's a cool idea in theory, but the patients really haven't adopted that. Insurance is still of really the, the place where people go to try to find providers that are, you know, in their network. But I think it's going to be relevant in the near future just once people get more, you know, integrated with technology as a species, if you want to call it that.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, yeah. Technology as a species. I like that.
bfarler: That's a good, good statement.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: Well, you know, I, you know, I would love to touch base again, Brandon, once you are kind of starting to see patients and we would love to support you in any way that's possible with, you know, with our tooling. If you're interested. I'm happy to walk you through exactly like how it works, but it's probably easiest like once you're kind of in the thick and the fray of seeing folks. Is, is that something that you would be interested in though? Like, would you find it helpful for us to reach out and talk about integrating an AI scribe into your workflow, like at that point?
bfarler: Yeah, absolutely. I mean I had there. There's multiple things I've considered doing like that and I'm just. Was kind of waiting to get a flow going before we started putting more into it, but absolutely.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, cool. Awesome. Well, I'm, you know. Yeah, that would, that would be awesome. Let me, before we jump off, can I just show you a little bit about our platform. So you have a section. Okay, cool. All right, let's see. Sorry, it's just loading this side. Okay. Okay, so this is jot Psych. And, you know, as I mentioned, fundamentally, at our core, we're an AI scribe. So any of your clinicians can walk in, you know, click, record, generate a note, and then when that note is created, they, you know, they have a document that enables a few things. One, of course, you know them to see the note, and you can customize these templates and all that. You can also edit the note and see an audit. I know you guys don't do 9921 threes with ketamine and svrvato, but you know what, what we do is we say, hey, based on this encounter and based on the note, what is the CPT code that we want to write a claim for? And what are all the ways that an insurance company might argue with that or push back? And you can change and. And, you know, protect yourself from those at any level just by clicking this little, like, pencil button.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, that's when it comes. When it comes to the rules, I mean, you're in a particular geography in a particular specialty, so you can essentially just add rules. And we can do this for you. You send us your documents. We work with Brittany on this. And what that helps you do as a business owner is look at all the things that your practice is at risk for in, like, order of risk. So you can sort by compliance. You can see any given rule name and watch it change over time. Let me find one that has some. Some data in it.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Where that would be relevant is when you have to do Liberty Eyes regularly, you know, for your patients, if those things aren't getting followed up at regular intervals so that you can get renewed authorizations for your extensions for your Spravada treatment. That's where that would become relevant.
bfarler: Yeah, I mean, I can already see how this would be super helpful, because even just looking at through some of the contracts we have, it's ridiculous how so many of them are so different from one another and how they do not follow.
bfarler: Yeah, even what's recommended, you know, you don't have to have this bravado. Can now be a monotherapy. But not all of the insurance companies care or have caught up with that.
Nathan Peereboom: Right, Right. So our goal with our AI scribe is, and again, this is fully in partnership with Tidemark, is that we want to turbocharge the way that you and Tidemark collaborate so that you have an easier time writing your notes. And also Brittany and her team are able to provide you with the highest level of claim, you know, success humanly possible. Um, and so it's really, I mean, and I know you're using Tebra, so I won't, I won't belabor these points, but there's a lot of other, you know, like, features that are also supportive to you just running a really good practice. So, you know, for example, you probably do you generate any documents outside of the note, like letters or. You know, prior auths or anything like that.
bfarler: I mean, I typically, at this point, if I send an email or something to a client, we'll go back and just copy and paste my welcome email from the last kind of. So, yeah, yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: So you can, you know, you can get custom emails after every single visit if that's part of your workflow. You can also save those as templates, but you can actually create any, like, arbitrary document. You know, if you see, you know, someone who needs like, a something, let's say like a emotional support animal letter. Like, you know, you can say, write a letter for Chris authorizing and emotional support. I don't know if you do this, but, you know, it's. What this tool does is it allows you to create any arbitrary document you want based on the content of the patient record, which people find enormously helpful because so, you know, so much of coordination of care. You know, when you think about horizontal teams, you know, thinking of continuity of care between, you know, if you hire someone in primary care, you hire a therapist, you hire a psychiatric nurse practitioner. If someone doing Spravato and ketamine, you know, them working across each other, a lot of what you want to create is a really good paper trail that shows the necessity and the authorization and the referral of that care, just in case there's anyone who wants to investigate that. You can also send lab orders. I know lab orders are important for Ketamine and Spravato. You can send forms to your patient that get incorporated directly. And of course, you can charge your patient, you know, directly through job psych.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): And I don't know, Brianna, I don't know if Brian told you this or not. Did he tell you that he got stuck in prepayment penalty review with the Anthem?
bfarler: He had mentioned that they were going through kind of a clawback thing, a possibility he didn't give me.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Yeah. Do you know why they put him in prepayment penalty review? Because they were trying to force him to use G codes for Spravato because they paid significantly less than the. The S codes are now, the J codes and the. The observation and the monitoring. And when we basically held up against that, that what they were trying to refer to was an outdated policy. Then they switched the terms on while they were putting them in prepayment penalty review.
bfarler: This is why people don't like insurance companies. This is crazy.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah.
bfarler: Oh, my gosh.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Yeah. So, you know, a lot of this can protect against that, you know, and it's just because they feed in through the clinical documentation, the clinical support, the billing guidelines so that you don't have to spend the time researching. And we can fire back and try to get you out of that prepayment penalty review as quick as possible.
bfarler: And it makes total sense to me because to kind of give you another insight into. A different perspective into the whole billing cycle. At my anesthesia job, the employers there thought it was going to be a good idea to allow the W2 employees to assist with billing. There's this company, you're probably familiar with it, Brittany. I, it was the first time I ever heard. They're called Venture360.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Oh yeah.
bfarler: So what happens is they go through and they look at the chart and they try to correct things by sending providers emails and that kind of thing. Kind of like you would if you had like a physician to physician conversation or whatever. I understand that needs to happen sometimes, of course, but the company doesn't take into account timelines or time of day. And they're also not native English speakers all the time. And though my friends are getting emails at 2 or 3:30 in the morning, half written and trying to correct a chart from three months ago that they don't even remember. So having something in real time that assists in this necessary process is very important because honestly, I was sitting with one of my provider friends, one of the physicians I work with the other day, and she had 360 open and she's like, look, they want me to go back and put this information in the chart. But I don't even remember the case at this point because it was like 60 days ago. And she, you know, all of our cases and clients run together. So having something, the whole point of that is that having something in real time like this is extremely helpful to correct it before it becomes an issue.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, I mean that's kind of our thought too. And when you go into, and you can set this for your, for your team, Brandon and Brittany, you know, can also help you figure out like what the right things are. But you can have these things called attestations. So you know, you can say, for example, hey, I don't want to let the note get signed unless, you know, all the session details are filled out and, and unless someone has attested to the fact that they've completed a PDMP review or they've put the time in the chart that's accurate or the ICD10 code is the correct one for this particular CPT code. So you can create all this scaffolding that actually protects you from signing a note and then needing to reopen it and create some legal and audit risk around it. So yeah, we're super excited. I mean, it's going to become the standard in the industry because insurance companies are using the same technology, like the same kind of technology that we're using to create great notes and to make sure that you have everything you need in them. The insurance companies are using to basically audit not five notes at a time, but 300 notes at a time and claw back accordingly.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): So.
Nathan Peereboom: So it's going to become very standard and, you know, as soon as you can implement it, you really should. I unfortunately, have to run right now, but could we maybe get some more time to touch base? I mean, I. Braden, we do these, these pilot programs where we give everyone in your practice, you know, free access to job psych for like a month. And we charge, like, but I think it's 499 for that month. But the goal is, like, we'll actually come out and visit you in Ohio and, like, help you guys, you know, have, you know, you mentioned, you know, with your old billing company that, you know, you couldn't get them on the phone, that, like, they wouldn't answer emails? We kind of invert that and we say, hey, we actually want to be proactively in your life because we want to create the best product for you and we want to create the best product for Britney. So you don't have to make a decision about this right now. But we would love to meet with you again if you're open to it, and, and see if that made sense for your practice at the time.
bfarler: Oh, 100%. Yeah. This was something I had looked at previously. Other, you know, you get all kinds of targeted advertisements anymore. And I had already considered getting an AI scribe once we started. But if it comes at Brittany's recommendation, like, they have been so awesome. I know that we haven't had a ton of work together just because we haven't had a ton of clients, but just the fact that they have been more than just a billing company to me. Like, they've called. I've talked to Bill before about just stuff. It's been. They've been super great. So if they recommend you guys, I take that over anything.
Nathan Peereboom: Well, we feel the same about them. They're wonderful to work with and, you know, we try and, you know, honor the fact that they operate with just extreme integrity and thoroughness and, you know, it's a privilege to kind of be in the same space.
Nathan Peereboom: So, um, we feel the exact same way about Brittany and Bill and that. That's awesome. Um, I'm going to. I'm just going to look at the calendar. Um, you mentioned that probably by the end of the month you guys are going to start billing, you know, or start, like, seeing patients at least.
Nathan Peereboom: Is that right?
bfarler: Yeah, that's the hope.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, so end of the month being like, March, the last. The last week of March. Okay, cool. So why don't we set up a time thinking maybe like the 18th or something. Like that, because what we can do is we can, you know, we can get, you know, you and your clinician started on jot. Psych, at least. And, you know, we can, you know, it takes about three minutes to set up. We're also a portal, like, like Tebra. So you can just log in online and then, you know, at that point, you, you can decide, you know, what, you know, whether you want to do a pilot, how long, et cetera, et cetera.
bfarler: Yeah, that'd be great.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Okay, great.
Nathan Peereboom: So do you have any constraints in your schedule on. The 18th. Actually, let's. Or the 20th is also great. Do you have anything on the 20th?
bfarler: I do. I have the 16th, the 17th, the 26th to 27th. Kind of Monday, Tuesday of that week, and then Thursday and Friday the week after.
Nathan Peereboom: Awesome. Okay. Why don't we do Monday then? Could we do Monday at like 10:30? Sure.
bfarler: Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: 16.
bfarler: Yeah.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): And is that what time zone? 8th East coast time zone.
bfarler: Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: Oh, you know what? Actually, so sorry, the 16th doesn't work. I'm just realizing that I'm gonna be away. Let's do the week after. Let's do march. Let's say 27th.
bfarler: Okay. Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: All right, awesome. All right, I'm gonna say 9:30am okay, that'd be great. All right, perfect. I think I'm gonna go here. Calendar.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): And will you add me to that meeting as well?
Nathan Peereboom: Absolutely.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Okay, awesome.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, let's see. 9:30, 27. Okay.
bfarler: And I'll reach out to our. Our clinician and try to get her looped into. Maybe that's what you'd like to do. Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, perfect. Yeah, that sounds great.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): And Nate, if on Monday you'll. The meeting that's coming up on this Monday, the 3:30 Eastern, if you'll add me to that as well.
Nathan Peereboom: Yes, absolutely. Let's see. Sorry, just. Okay, great. I'll add that. I'll add you guys to this in a second. Send. Today, Monday. Oh, I don't think it's 3:30. I think it's.
Nathan Peereboom: Oh, yeah, yeah, I think it's one. I think it's 1 o'. Clock.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): It says, could we do 3:30 Eastern on Monday is what you said to them a day ago. So it would have been two. Two thirty central standard. And.
Nathan Peereboom: Got it. Okay. Yep.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Let me.
Nathan Peereboom: Let me go add that. Perfect. Yep. I will add that and come back to you. There it is. Ah, I got it. Okay. Yes.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Yep.
Nathan Peereboom: Oh, Brittany, you're on this already. You're. Oh, you're on it at your other email.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): That's why.
Nathan Peereboom: Right. Okay. There we are. Now you've got it.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Perfect. Thank you.
Nathan Peereboom: You bet. Brandon, anything else that you would like me to bring to that meeting next month?
bfarler: No, I think. I think we're good. Like I said, I'll. I'll reach out to our clinician and try to get her there, too. That way she could see the cool tool it looks like it'll be, and excited to see it.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, awesome. Sounds like a plan. Hopefully we come out to Ohio.
bfarler: All right.
Nathan Peereboom: And we get to spend some time with you. Okay.
bfarler: Awesome.
Nathan Peereboom: All right, cool. Take care. Thank you.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): All right, take care. Bye.
Nathan Peereboom: Brittany.