Becca Bressler: All right. I hope people took time to, like, look ahead of time, but if not, we'll give them time for sure.
Anya Nelson: I like, I'm looking at the edits now. Like, the comments now, so.
Becca Bressler: Cool. And, yeah, I summarize some additional ones that I have that are not or that are kind of like, that I can.
Anya Nelson: Are we thinking, like, today and tomorrow is, like, work on this?
Becca Bressler: Yes.
Anya Nelson: Okay, cool, cool.
Becca Bressler: And then, because I'm not tomorrow, I'm just, like, nudging people to make sure they're looking at your, you know, next pass and providing feedback, because I obviously, like, want to make the best use.
Anya Nelson: Okay. Yeah.
Becca Bressler: Your time.
Anya Nelson: And so, like, do you want me to just send the link anyway and then, like, when I'm done with this on, like, Friday or whatever, like.
Becca Bressler: Yeah, so. So just, like, the cadence we've been doing where, like, you take Thursday, you send something in the evening. Hey, Alfred. And then, like, people respond Friday. And then you take another day, just, like, send it in the designer channel and tag these folks and stuff. So they all know.
Anya Nelson: Got it. Got it.
Becca Bressler: Hey, guys.
Marcus Irven: Good morning.
Becca Bressler: I'm gonna, like, kick it off. I don't even know if Nate Jackson are joining. They didn't accept the calendar. Nate's been, like, weighing in on the figma a little bit. Did you guys both get a chance to look over the designs, or should I give you, like, five to 10 minutes to look at it right now?
alfred: I mean, I think we could walk through it.
Marcus Irven: Oh, yeah, I looked at it a little bit, but, yeah.
Becca Bressler: Do you want to just, like, lead it?
Anya Nelson: Sure, yeah. I can walk through it really quick. I'll just share my screen. Okay. All right. Can you guys see that? My screen?
Becca Bressler: Yes.
Anya Nelson: Okay, cool. Okay, so, yeah, I'll just go through, like, real quick. Obviously, like, how I kind of normally do. I go through, like, layout, the current flows and then the proposed flows. So this was obviously, like, focusing around onboarding. Like, those first moments, like, when they go from the landing page to convert. Like, how can we convert? And we had data for this for the first time, I think. Correct me if I'm wrong. And so, yeah, so right now, obviously, like, as you guys know, it's kind of like this vibe. A lot of steps, a little conjoined. And then we needed to factor in, like, what was it? Dual factor, like, getting their phone number, verifying that, because we're having a lot of, like, fake accounts and stuff like that.
Becca Bressler: Yeah.
Anya Nelson: How can we make that simple and, like, a little bit less overwhelming? So here's like kind of the first screen that I was looking at and I was thinking, I've seen this before. I think it's great, like a dual screen where like half of it is like what you're interacting with and then the other half is like free marketing space where we can like push in like a aesthetically pleasing and like not annoying way. Like, oh, we have like different, you know, John Audit, like little screens. And I just pulled the ones from crew. Like they don't have to be this. They could be this to just kind of like shuffle through, if that makes sense. Like almost like flipping through maybe. Or like when you get to the next screen, it's like a different one. Different like cool features that we have. And then like little like cards and stuff that like show it in a nice way. And then. Yeah, so this screen obviously like has the kind of like classic like login with Google, Apple, whatever. And then I'm thinking like, could we just have them enter the email address? And then we almost treat. Because it goes straight in. This is for a returning user. We almost treat the email assuming they've made an account before, like as the verification code, as the password, if that makes sense. So they don't really need to like enter a password also because I feel like that almost gets like a little bit like an extra task they don't need. And then so yeah, as you can see here, like it kind of shuffles into like, oh, this showing you about the jaw audit and then like, boom, showing you about the template editor. And then these can be like animating to look, you know, engaging and draw your eye. And then so for a new user it would actually kind of look the same. And then you enter your email, but instead of getting the obvious, you know, welcome back, like code, you would slide over here, quick get started. We want to keep the screen consistent for the most part. So like it doesn't, you know, kind of shuffle into a whole different thing. It just kind of slides nicely into this. And then I'm thinking like a little bit of like a progress bar, but like not too many steps. Basic get started, where we ask the questions we have to ask. I think they're provided by sales of just like what we needed to get. So obviously like your name, you know, email, phone number, your specialty. And yeah, saw this comment from Jackson. This is definitely possible. I can work on that. Today I was pulling these from the MOI component library, the MUI component library. So they're probably bigger than they need to be. But yeah, I can like, pop some, like, checkboxes in here and, like, get that, or if it makes sense to come in later. But, yeah, and then I'm thinking, okay, so then we have a chance to, like, verify the account, make sure it's not, like, a false phone number. So we do that. You verify, and then you slide into the next step. We can ask those other questions we need to ask. So, like, your language is spoken. Primary goals, providers. And then, you know, are you blank, blank, blank? So, yeah, kind of how this slides in nicely. We could do the same thing here, you know, Jackson's request, and then. Yeah, you would. I'm thinking a good CTA here would be start free trial. So it's, like, very clean. Clear, like, this is a free trial, not just, like, you know, there's no ambiguity there. And then I'm kind of thinking we just slide into the recorder. I've seen this before with, like, Freed and some other platforms, since that's our main value proposition, you know, like, and that's like a high conversion point of, like, people using the recorder, doing a recording and then, like, converting to paid. Let's just, like, get them in there. Because right now we just have them go to the home screen and, like, a lot of them drop off or, like, are confused, don't know where to go. So I'm kind of thinking let's just, like, throw them in and then give them a clear, like, you know, kind of cta, but still optional on. Do they want to do a tutorial? Maybe they want to, like, look around first and then do tutorial. Maybe they want to do it. Maybe they want to, like, don't not do it. Click out. And, like, just. They already know what to do. So we're giving them some options here, but we're also making it, like, very obvious, like, what they could do. And then I think I addressed all these comments later, so we. Okay, yeah, and we can talk about that too, Becca. And then sliding down, still a new user. So this is obviously on the recorder. And then I did rearrange the, like, Navar a little bit, just like, you know, take it or leave it. But, like, what I thought made more sense. I don't know. I think there was, like, a search for icon here. Like, I don't know. That's, like, common that people use that. Like, what are they searching for? Like, do they just type in recorder and it takes them there? I don't know. Like, you guys can tell me that. I guess.
alfred: So I kind of got rid of just the clients. It's just different.
Anya Nelson: Oh, yeah. Okay. Do you find that that's, like, really important for the users?
alfred: I don't know.
Becca Bressler: Yeah. Question.
Anya Nelson: Okay.
alfred: Yeah. It's also in a clunky space, if you ask me, and not a common space. So I. I think it's. It's definitely worth revisiting and seeing, you know?
Anya Nelson: Cool. Yeah, that's good to know. Okay. Yeah. So then I just, like, got rid of that, shuffled things over. And then I think right now it's like a recording button, like, just in red, like a link right here. And so I'm kind of thinking, like, let's not make it red and let's, like, make it more obvious of a button and kind of make it like, very clear. It's like, you know, a cta. Let's separate it. So user icon, profile, go here, clear CTA goes here, the recording. And then, like, a free trial explore button comes up. So it's very clear that they're in a trial. But then it's like, also, like, hey, like, inviting you to, like, look at these cool features that come with the trial. Like, look at what you could do, you know, Because I know that we're giving them full access during the free trial, but we don't want to confuse them and think that, like, it always comes with every package. So obviously, like, when the free trial is over, probably this would go away, and then it would just be like the nav bar with the recording, CTA and the icon. So I'm kind of thinking, yeah, like, when you click on this from, like, anywhere. Yeah. It would, like, drop down this kind of like, explore, you know, different features thing. And so when you click on one of them, I'm thinking it makes sense to have it go, like, in a logical order. But maybe it could just be like, oh, they want to do this and then they want to do number four. Like, that could be fine too. I was kind of thinking about it, like a progress thing. So they, like, try all of them. But I'd be open to thoughts on that. And then, yeah, so it just takes you automatically, so it's not confusing. They're like, where am I going? Where am I going? Just takes you automatically to that. And I have some edits that I did that I can show below to, like, fix this screen behind here for the experience. But yeah, the idea is that it would just take you in there and then you would, like, do what you're supposed to do, mess around with it, play with it, interact, like, see the value. And then it would, like, check it off once you've done the thing there and then kind of invite you to the next one. You could click on that one and then you go there and like, so forth. And then. Yeah, I think it would check it off once you, like, you know, use it. Like, it says use AI, so you have to, like, use it. And then, yeah, it just kind of goes through shots, like reversement. Yeah, same thing on your audit. And then this one definitely probably needs some work. It just kind of throws you into, like, AI bot and you're not really sure. But yeah, I'll look into that. And so, yeah, you're done with all them. It gives you some clear, like, copy here. Congrats. And then a little reminder, like, upgrade. Keep the features, pass your free trial. Like, we can change the copy on that, but just like a little something to like, like, validate them. Like, oh, you like, did that and it's not going to be there forever. And then some more options here of like, do you want to watch a walkthrough? Do you want to see example scripts? I think I saw an edit about that, so I'll look at that too. And then, yeah, so this one's back on the recorder pretending that you're going to press the tutorial button. So, yeah, so you press that. And yeah, I did kind of change this up a little bit by, like, changing to, say, customize your template. And then like a little chip. I think there were edits on this that I addressed later. So I'm just, like, running through this. But, yeah, so that kind of communicates, like, quickly. Like, oh, we have, like, the template builder. Like, you can do that with your free trial. It's like a premium feature. It shows the value. And I'm kind of thinking it would just run through in a similar way above here, where you do a task and then it checks it off, but it lays it out for you. I'm also thinking it lays out just a very short, clear action statement. Recorded dictation, attach the patient. You know, generate, you know, I did. I think Becca commented, like, is this bouncing around? Like, that's a little confusing. So I do think it could also like kind of rest in the corner. But I know we have a lot of pop ups, so I guess I'd be curious your opinion on that.
Becca Bressler: And then.
Anya Nelson: Yeah. Oh, sorry, what?
Becca Bressler: Oh, no, yeah, I don't remember saying that. I'm curious who else might have thought that.
Anya Nelson: But yeah, yeah, yeah. And so, yeah, once you like, do that, once you like, it kind of like guides you is what I was thinking was helpful is like it goes to where you're supposed to be so you're not like aimlessly wandering.
Anya Nelson: So like this would be like near this button and then this would be, you know, near the patient. And then as you're doing it, it like checks it off. You can like see what you need to do next. Basically the goal is just like get you to do a recording and attach the patient and generate the note. Because that's like the highest conversion path. And so, yeah, then it's like generate the note and then you kind of get here and it gives you a little congrats on your first recording. And then I think one of the biggest things was like copying the. Copying it to your ehr. Like, copying the note was like the highest conversion point, like the final step. So like a little last like push to like, oh, we have that. Like you can copy it and then like a straight CTA to start a new session. So that was like the first pass. And then I like did some other stuff down here, which. Okay, yeah, yeah, I'll look at that. And this one was basically just exploring, like making this more clear because I think that was a good note. I'm not confusing them too much. So I changed it up a little bit to be like select template or customize. And then I included what that could look like if you did press it. So I was thinking like a little pop up so you aren't like taken out of the recorder to do what you can basically do in the template builder, like upload something, copy something, and generate a template. It just kind of shows you a snippet of what that even means. And then. Yeah, it kind of behaves the same as if you were in the other. No. And some like, validation. Yeah.
alfred: Oh, sorry. No, go ahead.
Anya Nelson: I was gonna say. Yeah, this one's like exploring if that was in the corner and if we kind of like white it out or like blurred out the other stuff so it's still clear like where you're supposed to go, but it's, like, not, like, going all over the place. And so this is what that would look like. And then I know Jackson wanted me to. Look at this kind of message because right now up here it was like advanced session information. He's like, it's a little unclear, like what that means. I don't know. Or I think maybe it's Jackson, Rebecca, like, would I click on that? Like, I wouldn't really know what that means. So I explored changing the language to like, want to get reimbursed session checklist. And then it just kind of like goes through all that stuff that.
Anya Nelson: So I'll work on that. But basically, like, I think the content is helpful of like here's all this stuff and I think Jackson actually put something in the designer chat about this that he was doing. So that I thought was good.
Anya Nelson: So yeah, this probably takes a grain of salt. I think this is getting reworked for sure.
Anya Nelson: And then this is the last thing.
Anya Nelson: So this is exploring, you know, you know how we talked about up here with like the new features and it kind of like throwing you into a new feature. This explores that. But making the template builder like more inviting and like, I don't know how attached we are to like how it currently is.
Becca Bressler: Like, I was kind of just exploring.
alfred: We're not so.
Anya Nelson: Okay.
alfred: And we're actually in the, in the, in the process of rethinking how all of these template type things. So not just the note template, but other templates. So. Yeah, cool.
Anya Nelson: Good. Because I like, look, I went in there and I was like, I mean this is cool, but like, it's a little confusing. And for I think for a first time user, I think one of my thoughts was just like I already had so many templates and I was like, okay, like, obviously that's helpful, but I was like, did I make these? Like, why do I already have these? Like, there's just a little bit of confusion there. But. And then you can't edit the default ones. You're just making copies of those. So I think just like making that a little clearer by separating them between like your templates and the default templates. Because you can't really edit those anyway. Like those are just gonna be there and then a clear chip, like read only and then like options to copy and stuff like that. But yeah, so same thing, like give a tutorial, clear cta.
Anya Nelson: So I think right now they're kind of like Anya, like
Becca Bressler: just putting the copy button there. Like it is so confusing that it. Yeah, I don't know. I just, I like what you did there.
Anya Nelson: Yeah. Yeah. I just think, yeah, like it's a couple things can make a big difference.
Anya Nelson: So yeah, new feature like, we want to, like, hype that up. I think there's, like, a ton of copy on the current one. And it's like, I know Becca said, like, they don't like to read all that, so, like, can we shorten that?
Becca Bressler: And then.
alfred: Yeah, just put.
Anya Nelson: The CTA is, like, really clear. Like, they're not, like, let's, you know, make the primary one stand out and then, like, lay all the options out so it's not kind of hidden.
Anya Nelson: And then, like I said, or putting the default templates in a separate place because nothing's happening to those. They have to remain there. So let's give them the option to pin and stuff like that.
Anya Nelson: Make it really clear that it's a copy. Really cool. That's like read only. And then if someone were to copy this, it would like, you know, go to your templates and then you could copy from there and like do different things too.
Anya Nelson: And customize would look a little different because you're not copying, you're just kind of like throwing something together. So I think I, yeah, I made that look stand out a little bit. But then like this would kind of be like similar to what it is now. Just like, I mean I like refresh the UI a little bit, but like take it or leave it, you'd still like drag and drop, just a little bit cleaner of a look. And then see here? Yeah. Like this is like if it was clicked on what it would look like and then it would. Yeah. So when you press the AI editor thing, you know, this icon, like this could pop up and then you could like interact with it there in the same way. So yeah, if I had more time, if I wanted to look at kind of all the new feature first time experiences, like let me know if that's like a dead end and like if there's priorities. But that's where I was at like two weeks ago.
Becca Bressler: Awesome.
Anya Nelson: Yeah.
Becca Bressler: Okay, awesome. I'm going to just say a few things at the top and then I really want to hand the floor over to Alfred and Marcus because I want to be better about us like facilitating conversation between like you and engineering this. There's so much awesome stuff in here, Anya, and I'm really impressed by like how much ground you covered. My like, I guess you move fast, so I don't want to be too prescriptive about this but like the true first time experience with the recorder is like so important to drive people to it that if there's a lot of work to be done there, I would definitely just like prioritize that above all. And I think my like big thought there and I think Alfred can do a good job of explaining the difference between like appointment types, template types. I think it's extremely confusing. So I don't even know if we want our first time users to have like any idea of what those two things or differences are. One of them is important for the first time, but not the other. But my big thought is like there's too many places to click for a first time user when they first get here. And so I don't know if that means like a progressive disclosure type thing where like literally you get here. We've given you, we're telling you what template we're using all like you can change if you want to, but you don't have to pick the template. All you really are drawn to do is record and like. Or if you pick the template, you then see the patient come up. Like, I don't know exactly what the right order is, but I do, for a true first time. Or maybe the notepad's not even there until, like, once you hit record, and then it shows up and it's like, you can add more, you know, text here. Like, you know, I'm not an expert here at all, but I think just really minimizing the amount of things that could be clicked, because it can. Because visually, I don't think it's super clear. Like, What to do. And then another thought I have is like, we have right now this example script. I have no idea what that means. I have no idea what someone's supposed to do with an example script. If it's like parrot the language. I do think though, there needs to be like some type of offering for people that like, don't get there and are not recording an actual session or don't know, recording. And maybe that's like an animation. Maybe that's like, don't know what to say. Like, let us show you how this works. And like, we start an animation where it's recording and you hear a voice say something for 20 seconds. And you see the timer, so you know how long it's going to go for. And you see it, you know, someone typing in the notepad so you can see how that works. And then someone.
Becca Bressler: You see the note at the end of it. Like, I, again, I have absolutely no idea, but I think. And maybe it's like if someone gets the record page and they don't press record within five seconds, right? Like, that's something that comes up to allow them to see what this could be with if they like, are not knowing what to do. Again, you know, this is not my area of expertise at all, but I think, yeah, my big thoughts is just like minimizing the amount of things that have to be clicked. And maybe that means we're like defaulting them to certain things or progressively disclosing things and having a clear path for someone that gets to the recorder page and is like, oh, I don't know what to record or like, what should I record? You know?
Anya Nelson: Yeah, yeah.
Becca Bressler: Anyways, though, and I think there's stuff like, for us to do that you don't need to worry about. For instance, you know, I think like, your idea about marketing space at the login is super duper smart. And I would probably just like start with stuff related to the recorder because that's probably are getting there. And then on the next page is like, oh, we also have this audit thing, you know. But I don't want you to worry too much about redesigning those pages because I think, like, what you've done is really cool. Anyways, those are my, like, main thoughts and I kind of want to hand the floor over, but I think there's like, a lot of good work here.
Marcus Irven: I think for me, there's a lot of here a lot of good stuff. I think it's like, prioritization is what's in my mind. And like, what are some of our hypothesis that we're, you know, that we're trying to, trying to, trying to experiment with some things are high lift and some things are low lift. So just I think trying to, like, start to not pull to get, you know, stitches apart a little bit to like bite sized pieces that we think are the highest value is kind of where my head's going. And then I think also just my question, like, if we're talking like philosophically, like, I, I guess I don't personally love the idea of giving different people different experiences based on. My preference is to make software as easy as possible to use it.
Marcus Irven: Even a first time user can kind of grock it. I know that's not always. Possible. But like, yeah, I think there's a little bit there. Like press aligning on like philosophies here around like progressively showing things. Is that the right thing or not? I don't know.
Anya Nelson: Like it's, there's no right.
Marcus Irven: There's no right or wrong answer.
Anya Nelson: But yeah, I agree that like I guess like the reason I kind of did like this is because like yeah, I, I feel like, I like, I feel like the first time experience should be like very true to like what they're going to experience later as well. Because then if we're kind of changing it, it's like wait, is this the same thing? It, it makes it like a little distrustful, a little bit confusing. And I agree that like it should be like just like, just more simple from the get go. So like that's something that yeah, I definitely am on board with.
alfred: It's. You would need another first time user experience for the second time user experience, second time
Marcus Irven: and third time and the fourth time explain the first time.
Becca Bressler: And yeah, it's like, yeah, yeah to like that at all. And I don't have a different solution, but I do believe there are too many clicks on the screen. And I think that we've seen in the data like and I've watched this and I watched dozens of videos of people come to this page, not even hit record. And I've watched videos of people come to stage, hit record, stop and then not hit generate note. And that's ultimately what we are wanting people to do.
Anya Nelson: Yeah, yeah, I think, I mean, I think what you suggested about having like something pop up after like, you know, you didn't. No one touches something. And having an animation roll through could be like a really good idea like around that of like pushing them. It's like to toward the right kind of path rather than changing the screen, I guess.
Becca Bressler: I mean Alfred and Marcus disagree that there are too many things to click on here.
alfred: It's more like if there are too many, we need to live with that and we need to present it like that to users or we need to reduce it for all users, not just for the first time users. I think that's really what.
Becca Bressler: Yeah, so then I thought the key is the education piece. So it's like maybe you don't remove the tutorial. Maybe right now the tutorial causes friction because it's bad. But if it were better walking you through the different parts of it, people would stick around like,
alfred: well I think what this is doing very good is that it's making the tutorial an opt in thing rather than more pop ups, which is the part of the problem that I think we're solving. And I think this does it nicely.
alfred: I mean, you know, but, but if we have a great, you know. If we have a greater concern of like, well this page is too busy for a first time user, then then it's too busy for any user or that's kind of what, how we should be thinking about.
Anya Nelson: Could be.
alfred: Like there's also the reality that I, you know, and I don't know how much handholding we can do here. It's like, you know, a lot of like first time user might even be in a conference where you know, I've been there and you're kind of telling person here, go through it and this is kind of, and they click it and they're not going to record there. It's just not the right time and place. Right. So, so we, we need to be mindful of how much, how much of a first time user is an actual user that's willing and in a good place to use the tool rather than just evaluating or looking around. Right. And I think that's something that's hard to be able to know and tell and make that kind of be what's dictating some of the stuff that we're doing. I just don't know.
Becca Bressler: Yeah, I mean maybe it's like filling stuff in for them. Right. So it's not progressive disclosure but like there's already a appointment type or template. There's already Alfred Apple Seed. There's you know, like, maybe the notepad already has like Alfred appeared. You know, something that's like a. Yeah. Who know, maybe it's that. Yeah, yeah. And so that they can see what it's doing, having to like click and interact.
Becca Bressler: But they can.
alfred: Yeah, I, I, I, I like that.
Becca Bressler: Yeah. Because I totally take your point and I didn't consider that. But you're right, like it shouldn't look different than a.
alfred: Well and it's, it's also, I don't, we don't want to get into the place where we're building a whole new experience because now we need to maintain two recorders, you know.
Becca Bressler: Yeah.
alfred: Which, which we kind of have done in the past with some of these first time user experience. And then what happens is like oh, we're fixing something and we don't fix the first time one, that, that sort of thing. So. Yeah.
Becca Bressler: Alfred, do you want to talk a little bit more about the appointment type versus template?
alfred: Yeah. And you know, I think this is already kind of a little bit of a moving target as well because we're talking about it everywhere else. But yeah, it's, it's essentially the appointment type comes at least how it is right now, comes within. With a. With a. With a template. But the appointment type is not the template. Right. So. The idea is that users create different appointment types with different durations, CPT codes, templates, etc. Attached to it. So it's not just like that drop down. The appointment type dropdown is not just the template, it's that package now. And that's where a lot of the confusion around I guess what advanced session information is. So maybe it's a rework of that entire thing that we're talking about. So does it become template type? Right. And now it's only temp and it's the part of the template that's part of the appointment type or not? Because you know, the, the idea is that you know, so you have this, you know the user has like different types of intake forms or intake appointment types or different types of follow ups and you know, they get their different, their distinct CPP codes or you know, or. And also the distinct note template. And you know, and that's, this is the part of the recorder that's also very closely tied to the scheduling. I think that's really what the appointment type is about. Now maybe scheduling is a whole different mess and you know, until users are completely using us as, as an ehr, scheduling is kind of like second class citizen to a lot of our users. So, so you know, it's part of the difficulty here.
Becca Bressler: Yeah, yeah. I mean I think it comes from like a belief that like the same appointment type can have different templates. Right. Like that's why you like pick your appointment type but then can also edit the template. Right. Because like otherwise why would we separate them, you know?
alfred: No, ideally no, that's the thing. If people are using the, the, the software, at least how we envisioned it is. No, you, you would create an appointment type that's tied to a template, a duration, a CPT code.
Becca Bressler: Yeah.
alfred: And everything that makes your appointments type appointment types unique.
Becca Bressler: Yeah.
alfred: And then you just select in one place now where the arrives is allowing users this notion of overrides and that's where currently it's like a bit weird, you have the default
Becca Bressler: change it for the same appointment type.
alfred: Yeah, correct. So now you can change it but from the same view you can also update the appointment type or you can just create a. Brand new appointment type from this view. I think that's where it becomes really like if we're trying to simplify things then we probably shouldn't allow that here, you know, but, but it's kind of weird, you know, it's. It's also this is where that progressive disclosure kind of comes in and it's like oh let's, let's allow people to. This, this was a way to teach people about appointment types and you know, should we be teaching people about appointment types in the recorder page?
Becca Bressler: Yeah, so, so what I've like observed in shadowing is like there's def. The mental model is appointment type. It is not like template in terms of like what the session is that they're walking into. It's like this is a follow up, this is an intake for a lot of people. They have one follow up template and they have one intake template. But where it becomes different is like some follow ups have like psychotherapy add ons and some don't depending on how long it is or depending on the content of the session. You know and you know some people have two different templates. There's like the follow up and then there's the follow up with psychotherapy add on. Some people just use one template and what changes is what they copy over to their ehr. Right. Like for this session, you know, so it's. But, but it is like appointment type first and then. So I understand why. It's like you know why Jackson sort of wanted to rearrange it like this.
Becca Bressler: But yeah, yeah maybe, yeah.
alfred: Maybe what it is is that we have a default appointment type.
Becca Bressler: Right.
alfred: You know, for first time user and it's less about here you can manage your templates. Like maybe that's too much cognitive load right now especially for a first time user. And customizing templates becomes a post recording thing. Yeah.
Becca Bressler: Or like default to the appointment type and then if they click the, if they open it they can see at the bottom like customized. You know they see like two options and then customize or pick, you know. But it's, it's something they encounter not like see immediately
Anya Nelson: because I know that was a high converter right. Like with the data it was like oh, they use the like template builder, they convert like that was something that I thought we wanted to show them like.
Becca Bressler: It is definitely what makes this a little bit tricky is the people that use the template builder and like get the note that they want quickly convert at a higher rate.
Marcus Irven: But maybe we should be driving them to think about appointment types and the template that's associated with it rather than going straight into the template. Like what, what types of appointments do you have? And help you, help you kind of define those. And the template is part of that.
Anya Nelson: We could have it drop down and have like the, you know, the ones that are automatic, like the ones you can't edit or whatever, the ones that you can only read like pop up here and then like, would it be crazy to have like. Yeah, like that drops down, you select one of like the four or whatever. And then there's like an extra option if you wanted to like customize a template. But it's not automatic, You know, another.
alfred: I'd have to see it. I don't, I don't fully get it, but another, another way of, another way of thinking about this. And this is probably not, not good, but I'm just gonna say it, it's, it's a chicken and egg thing. So actually having people think about appointment type before they're even recording is an, is an introduction to that. So it's like, you know, we could go straight from, oh, first time user experience. You've gone, you've created your, your, your, your, your account and then you know, what type of appointment do you want to record and do, you know, you can make your template and kind of. And then you go into the recorder. I don't know.
Becca Bressler: Right. Like it's a sequence.
alfred: Kind of like first, like it's a sequence. Exactly. It's really more about the, the clinician's workflow and default workflow than, than just us putting them into the recorder right away.
Becca Bressler: I think that's a really smart idea. And like we can have something that says just go to the recorder or just take me. You know what I mean? Like they can bypass that kind of onboarding step. But, but I think that is really smart.
alfred: It's because it is how we want them to be thinking about this. Right. And, and we want them to have created their templates before recording. We want them to, you know, so, yeah.
Anya Nelson: So basically like, to make sure I understand this correctly, are we like suggesting like, oh, it could be a good idea to like separate the, you know, picking the appointment type whatever from the recording, almost having it be like first step, second step or like possibly.
alfred: Yeah, yeah. I don't know exactly how that looks like it could even be, you know, it probably doesn't have to be something that's. So much, you know, like in, in the app, do this, do that. Because throwing somebody in the template builder. As the first time thing would be madness, you know, like too much so it could just be something like, you know how this works and it's like a quick, you know, I won't say a video, but it's almost like a tutorial without, you know.
Becca Bressler: Yeah. Or like it takes you to this page. But then.
Becca Bressler: Because I think what you're saying, Alfred, also like some users, power users, people that are familiar with the tool, hit record and then like during the session are like picking the appointment type, the template, you know, they're moving really quick. We don't want to lock people into having to do one before the other. So again, I don't know if this gets too much into like tailoring, building a first time, but maybe the first time you come to this page and there is another like. Or before you get to this page, kind of like the steps that you built for onboarding, right. Where you kind of see steps, there's a. Like, you know, tailor your first. I don't know, like, let us give you the best note.
Becca Bressler: You know, pick your template like that you want to try this out, but you could bypass it and just like go to the reporter. I'm not really articulating this well, but like, I don't know if it's just like another type of onboarding step or you come to the recorder and then there's another pop up that's like, hey, let us get you your best first note. What appointment type do you want to try? Like, yeah, again, I don't know. Is that kind of what you're saying, Alfred? Like, where would that onboarding or those steps.
alfred: No, I don't know. That's. That's kind of what I'm saying. No, I mean, it could even happen in the, like in the above. In the above flow.
Becca Bressler: Yeah.
alfred: Where you have the. The stepper. Right. So it's like after you've. It's like right in between there, you know?
Becca Bressler: Yeah, right.
alfred: Yeah, yeah.
Becca Bressler: And it's like inviting. It's like, let us get you your, you know, best first. Let us show you what we can do. Like again, not. Don't use my language, please, but like inviting them to tell us exactly what they would like to see so we can then like show that to them, basically. Hey, Marcus, like you were saying something about like prioritization. Some things are higher lift and lower lift. Of the things we just discussed, like what sticks out to you or what would you want to caution against
Marcus Irven: other things that we talked about this morning or just, just now?
Becca Bressler: Just now, like, kind of like, okay, let's say we're not doing progressive disclosure. We're not building two different recorders for a first time.
Marcus Irven: And you know, well, it sounds like we're focusing on the recorder.
alfred: Right?
Marcus Irven: Like so. Which is, I think, in line with work we're already doing. So let's make sense. So we're not necessarily talking about first time users. I mean we are a little bit, but we're just talking about improving the recorder, is that right?
Becca Bressler: Well, we are talking about first time user if we want the recorder to look the same for a first time user and a recurring user. Right. I mean, do you, Alfred, do you understand it differently or like, or is that.
alfred: No, I think it is. I mean, I think the type of things that are from, from everything I'm seeing here, the, the big one that stands out as like, oh, this is, you know, this would need to get prioritized as its own thing and could be a lot of time is actually the new authentication. Right. So, you know, moving, moving away from the Universal Auth0 authentication into an in house. I do think it's a good thing, but it is, it is work. It's, you know, like, is that priority or, or
Marcus Irven: that's what I was, that's what I was saying when we're talking about like, what are we like, is that, is that something that we're even talking about now? Because that one is pretty separate and also pretty high lift.
Becca Bressler: Okay.
Becca Bressler: I had no idea that that's what that meant. I mean I probably wouldn't prioritize that right now then. And we just like assume that we can, you know what we're changing in the onboarding first question. It's like the questions that are being asked, the you know, presentation of it.
Becca Bressler: But I wouldn't prioritize like bringing that in house.
alfred: Okay. Yeah. And I also think there, there was probably a HIPAA reason why we weren't doing passwordless authentication. So we need to make sure
Marcus Irven: that's also high left because it's because we're not the one just managing the Office. Yeah, it's all done at Auth0. I like it, but it is.
Becca Bressler: Yeah.
Marcus Irven: Not a little thing.
alfred: Yeah.
Marcus Irven: It doesn't mean we should like want to understand like why are we doing it? Like what's the, what, what do we think is the, you know, the benefit of doing it? Like.
Becca Bressler: Yeah, I know. I will say just like having watched a lot of videos, I'm surprised I don't see a lot of drop off during the actual onboarding of like entering information though. Would I see it in static if they didn't go all the way through or.
alfred: No, you have a black box in the auth0 part. Right. You don't have any visibility into, into the actual creating of the user and logging in because that doesn't. In our application now you do have instances we should be able to tie the user from before you know. We should be able to see if they dropped off. Not in what? Particular step, but we should be able to tell that they dropped off or not.
Becca Bressler: Got it. Like, I would be able to see in static, a user that clicks sign up, starts typing their name, hits next or whatever, and then leaves. Like, it's not as though that user would have had to have gotten past a certain step to be like, captured in statsig. Does that question make sense?
alfred: Not sure. But what it is is like you'd be able to see the user's intent to create or log in.
Becca Bressler: Yeah. Okay.
alfred: And you'd be able to see if they actually logged in or created an account.
alfred: But as far as like the filling of that form or all that, you have zero visibility. Yeah.
Marcus Irven: Like, this page here is. Is ours. We have instrumentation there. But as soon as you go onto this page, this is not us, you
Becca Bressler: see, if someone came here and didn't type it in, I would have no idea.
Marcus Irven: Everything that happens on this page is currently not something that we have much visibility into.
Becca Bressler: Okay, that makes sense. But after they get to that page, we have visibility into the rest of it.
Anya Nelson: Yeah.
Becca Bressler: Awesome. Anya, like, I don't want to overwhelm you by kind of then throwing like notes about the other stuff that you showed us because it seemed like from based on what we've said, does that feel like more than it seems to just kind of like, you know, I mean.
Anya Nelson: Yeah, like, feel free to throw it. I think just at the end, if we could like summarize like what you want me to do in these next few days, that'd be helpful. But like, as long as.
Marcus Irven: Yeah, I think it. For me, it's a little bit unclear on where our focus is.
Becca Bressler: Okay, well. Okay. Will you share, Anya?
Anya Nelson: Yeah. I also had one question for like engineering, like kind of little question, but like, for. In lieu of like trying to make the screen more minimal and stuff, like, how necessary, like, is this here? Because like, sometimes I've seen it just like kind of automatically like Apple or whatever it is. Like your hardware software kind of like has a separate pop up for stuff like this anyway. Like, do we need this here or is it like. No, we do kind of like selecting the microphone.
Becca Bressler: Yeah, I think we do need to show this. Like.
alfred: Yeah, so I. We get into a lot of trouble where the wrong microphone gets selected and people try to do the recording and zero audio gets captured and that sort of thing. So I think, um. Something. Yeah, so. So I think it's. It's probably good to have, you know, but we can definitely revisit you. Yeah, I think part of the issues that we're. We're. Yeah, we're. Now I have made some changes to that, not a lot. And I did recently that I want to start pushing out, which is currently how we've been doing this is we. When you hit start record is that we're actually capturing the microphone. I think we want to flip that and have this whole page be more of a waiting room. So we capture the microphone as soon as you land here. So then that's more meaningful. You can change the microphone. You can actually see that you're capturing audio before currently, as it is, you don't. So you get the surprise when you hit the start recording. Oh, there was a microphone problem or there wasn't. And that's. Yeah, that's. With that. With that in mind. To your point, there is a world where we might be able to just get rid of this. We still need to let people choose the microphone somewhere. You know, if it's. If it's zoom or whatever, it's still like a little, you know, microphone icon that you can click on it and you can select it. But. Yeah.
Anya Nelson: Okay.
Becca Bressler: Okay. So here's what I think, like, priorities are making, like the adjustments to the onboarding of, like, giving information. So. Right. We need to like, add back in the. It would be good to see the marketing stuff that needs to be selected. You know, we're not going to bring in authorization in house, so, like, we'll want to like, keep that step. Yeah. Like a password. I think.
Becca Bressler: I think the things like we're measuring here that we want to see a difference in is like people going. People recording when they get to the page and then generating a note. Like, those are like the key things that we want people to. The key actions that we want to see. I mean, the hypothesis being if people do that more, then they will. Like, we will see higher conversions based on what we understand in the data. So, like, I would. It's like executing those notes around like, what you're seeing when you're first getting there and like signing up. I think it's like thinking about the, you know, like what Alfred said about like adding a step to the onboarding that's inviting someone to tell us exactly what they would like to like, maybe see for the first time. It's like telling us what kind of appointment they want to see and what kind of template that means that they would be using. Or a way to kind of. Bypass that and just, like, go to the recorder. I think we would want to show them a version of the page that has things filled in. So, like, the goal is someone gets to the page and they don't have to click a lot of things, but they're able to, like, understand what's, you know. Okay. Oh, okay. This appointment patient, you know, this box can be used for this reason. Like, notes, though I don't know that actually writing in notes is a good idea because that's just like, more text on the page. But, but yeah, like, thinking about this page and like, what is already, like, preset.
Anya Nelson: I.
Becca Bressler: There is work to be done with, like, the appointment type template type. But, like, I still feel kind of unclear about it, if I'm being honest. Like, I understand the mental model of the clinician and how they think about the appointment type. I don't know what that translates to into, like, being prescriptive about what to do do here. But, like, I'm curious, Anya, if that's, like, sufficient information to go off of knowing how the clinician is thinking about it or if I can provide more insight into that. Alfred, maybe you have ideas, like, for this particular. I mean, it's also worth seeing what Jackson's done, right? So he put videos into the panel on the recording page and he made some changes to it. So we should.
Anya Nelson: I just take that and like, run with that?
Becca Bressler: Like, probably I haven't even really looked at it if I. Or like, I, I, I did look at it, but I can't really think about this in that context. But yeah, I would definitely look at what he.
Anya Nelson: So I guess I'm like, okay, so basically, like, So obviously, like, adding the password won't be hard. Like, that stuff, the check boxes, whatever, like, kind of don't even focus on this that much.
Anya Nelson: And then it's kind of like this step in between here is what you want me to focus on, where it's like asking them, you know, what point type they want so that when it shows up in the reporter, it's not confusing. It's not like, oh, why is this different? Getting that almost like an onboarding step, kind of like a transitional something Here is what you're looking for?
alfred: I think so, yeah.
Anya Nelson: Okay.
Becca Bressler: Yeah.
Anya Nelson: And that's like, the main priority. Is there, like, anything, like, am I looking at this too?
Becca Bressler: Like, redoing here, like, something to be done here around. Well, first of all, I would lose, like, the premium with free trial next to the customize your template. Pretty much everyone's gonna get like unlimited unless you're low tier. And I think it's just like busy. I think that like the, Let me see for a second.
alfred: Oh yeah, I think at this point it should just be a pre selected appointment type. Yeah.
Becca Bressler: But does that mean like the word template doesn't even like feature on this page? Like no one you know.
Becca Bressler: Yeah, that's the, but if you click into the. Yeah, right. Like that's the question.
Anya Nelson: That's what, yeah, it could be like Basically what I was thinking is like a drop down kind of normal and then it has like the default templates like before and then maybe at the bottom of that drop down list there's like customize. But they'd probably just pick one of the four to start also.
Becca Bressler: Yeah, I think the confusing question is like what is it that they're custom driving people to customize? Right. Is it like because some people maybe want to change the template associated with the appointment type. Some people maybe want to just like customize a new appointment type with a template, you know.
Anya Nelson: But are we, are we into, I was gonna say are we into this? Like do we want to keep something like this or we like don't do that tutorial.
alfred: Like I think if we're gonna do a tutorial of any kind, I think that's a good thing. Once a user walks through it, we just hide it or if they X out of it then we never show it to them. You know. I, I kind of liked what you were showing at some point where rather than having the pop up fly around, it's more of a muting anything that's not important as part of the steps.
Becca Bressler: Yeah, totally.
alfred: Yeah, I, I, I think this is cleaner. Allows us to also not have not, you know, redo everything. You know, it's, it's still the same, it's still the same recorder. Right. But we're just showing you the different and it's somewhat similar to what we have right now. It's probably just a white background instead of black but, but yeah, I think that at least should alleviate some of the pop up fatigue things moving around.
Becca Bressler: Yeah. And I think Ani like the in between step. Right. It's like we're inviting them to tell us exactly what they would like to see ideally. Or the escape is like pick for me, you know what I mean? Like, yeah.
alfred: It's probably a third step here. Right. Even like on the left. It's like, you know, you're going through. Yeah. Your practice and then what do you want to do? I don't know.
alfred: What do you want to do next?
Anya Nelson: Yeah, I would want them to get confused and be like, oh, if I do this, it's like always.
alfred: Yeah, this.
Anya Nelson: This feels very like, language spoken. You put English, Spanish, it's going to be like, that's your whole thing. Like, you're like, the program is tailored to that. Like, if they put something like, I don't know, maybe it's not the case. But like, if they have like one appointment type, like, I don't want them to think like, oh, no, no, no.
alfred: Definitely not here. I was thinking just like 1, 2, 3. Right.
Becca Bressler: Like the third step being.
alfred: Yeah, yeah.
alfred: Or it's like, start, free trial, boom. And then it's this. Whatever. Third step. It might not be a third step actually, to your point. Might just be this in between. Yeah.
Anya Nelson: Okay, cool. And then how do we feel about, like, splitting this? Almost like. Like maybe there's two and one is like, start the walkthrough. Or one is like, watch the example or whatever. And then I'm like. Because we don't show the dialogue, right? So, like, we can only see that once the note happens. There's no, like, option to see the dialogue here. So it would be a little tricky to be like, see the animation or like, see the walkthrough. And then it would just kind of be like, recording, but we wouldn't really be able to, like, you know, see what they're saying, I guess. So is that.
Becca Bressler: What do you mean?
Anya Nelson: Because you were saying, like, okay, maybe there after five minutes, there's like a pop up and it's like, show me or something. And like, it has like, the voice recording, like, pretending to be a note or pretending to be an encounter.
Anya Nelson: I guess I'm just like, since we don't have dialogue, like, it would kind of just be this recording. And like we.
Anya Nelson: And then at the end. Yeah.
Becca Bressler: I mean, maybe the pop up is just like, just show me a note. You know, Just show me what a note. And so giving people the option to see, like, what we could do for them without them having to go through the record. And then we take them into an example. No. Doesn't that seem like. Yeah. I don't. I don't know if, like, Marcus and Alfred, if you guys have other thoughts, but I think. Yeah, I don't think we need to worry too much about like a complicated animation here. Just kind of like a, you know, off the wall idea.
alfred: But. One more thing that's a bit of a departure, but probably something we should be thinking about as well. There's already a notion of an onboarding checklist and steps in the app right now, so you normally see it in the homepage right now.
alfred: Becomes one of these modules, I think, you know, we even do something like once you do all these things, you get $50 back or something like that, if I remember.
Anya Nelson: Yeah, yeah.
alfred: So it's like tying all this together should be part of this. So we're not. So we don't have like three different onboardings. Does that make sense?
Becca Bressler: Yeah.
Becca Bressler: So that, like, I'm just like, do I.
Anya Nelson: Are we married to that? Like.
Becca Bressler: Yeah. I don't know anything about that. Home screen checklist and like how people use it.
alfred: Yeah, I don't know that we're completely. But you know, I. I just.
Becca Bressler: Yeah, you're right. Pointed.
Anya Nelson: Like this.
alfred: That right there.
Anya Nelson: Okay. I feel like that's kind of what this could be.
alfred: Correct.
Anya Nelson: Okay, so we're not like. Yeah.
alfred: All I'm saying is that it should be the same steps.
Becca Bressler: Right.
alfred: So I don't think we're necessarily married to the current steps. But all I'm saying is, like, it should be one onboarding, it shouldn't be two onboarding.
Anya Nelson: Yeah. Definitely shouldn't have both.
alfred: Yeah. Yeah.
Becca Bressler: I don't know what, like, best practices are here. Obviously we want to drive people into the recorder page. When you're onboarding, do we want to give someone the option to be like, no, take me to the homepage? Like, I don't actually think the homepage is very valuable. So maybe we actually don't want to invite them to it until it becomes more valuable. I know that's like being worked on, I think by this other group of people. Yeah. So maybe you don't worry about that right now. Just take the order. Does that make sense on YouTube, like other questions.
Anya Nelson: I think so. Like, just like, I don't know. I mean, maybe I'm wrong. I don't know if this will take me like that long. But yeah, I can just like look at this step and like, yeah, that. How it kind of transitions there and what the
Becca Bressler: like pop up call to action might be if they're on the page for five and so don't do anything.
Anya Nelson: Yeah, yeah. Okay.
alfred: I would spend some time also just if you go to the schedule, um, and look at what currently an appointment type is made out of. So if you, if you look at the left there, that's like the appointment types plus button. Like these are the appointment types and how you can also create some and modify some. Like this is this. Just so you know, like, these are appointment types, I guess, is what I'm saying.
Anya Nelson: Right.
alfred: And.
Becca Bressler: Yeah, yeah, right. I think Alfred's right. You can like get a little more familiar with what these are. Create one yourself and you'll see all the information that you input to create one. I mean, Anya, if you don't think that this is going to take a lot of. For time, you know, the next thing to think of is like, okay, after the recorder, someone's gonna get into a note and what first time is that gonna look like? Right, it's gonna look like the note, but kind of similar to what you showed us with this like list on the bottom that grays out or like, you know, obscures certain parts of the page. Like, is there a version of that for the note page? Right. Like sections to copy here, Like AI editor, you know, like again, I don't want to put too much on your plate, but like if you have. And I would say like thinking about that experience is probably a good next
alfred: step that would become the full circle.
Becca Bressler: Right.
alfred: So it's record and then the note and see your note, basically.
Becca Bressler: Yeah, yeah.
Anya Nelson: Oh yeah, yeah. I. I mean, I might take me so long, I don't know. But like. Yeah, just in case.
alfred: And then my last.
Anya Nelson: Do you want me to like look into this or we just like not.
Anya Nelson: Don't think about this right now
Becca Bressler: as far as the premium features go.
Anya Nelson: Yeah, premium features. Like, you know, deeper into the first time user experience of like.
Anya Nelson: Cause right now it would kind of just be like throwing you into this, like.
Becca Bressler: Yeah, I mean, this is kind of what I mean by like thinking about the next step of the first time experience. So, you know, if you get through the edits for like the recorder to the record quarter page, what is it like once you get into the note? I mean, I would like totally lose the like this template pop up. Right. But you know, I think the key things we would want to make sure people understand when they get to this page is like this one. How to copy or. No, so that. That's the document generator.
Anya Nelson: But I.
Becca Bressler: You. Yeah, it's like basically this, you know, what are the key things we want people to realize they can do on this page? Right. It's like copying. It's like using the editor to like what they want. I think, you know, I think based on where the knees headed, like understanding the audit feature is like pretty. And so maybe it's just inviting someone to click it and we can tell them what they're seeing. You know, like obscure but Yeah.
Anya Nelson: I mean, luckily, I think this is, like, pretty understandable. Like, the AI editor. Like, it's very, like. Like it's telling you exactly what to do. It's just a matter of getting there, I guess.
Becca Bressler: Yeah.
alfred: And I think right now there already is like a first time user experience there where you get again that white out filter on the left and it says here, this is your AI editor. And there's like a little thing there. So. But maybe there's more to it. Right? So here's your AI editor after you're done with your thing. Here's you copy and paste or whatever, you know.
alfred: Yeah, maybe the order is wrong also. Maybe it's not about the AI editor on a first time user experience. It's on, it's something else. Right. And that's a step in the.
Becca Bressler: And maybe with the AI editor, you know, we didn't want to do this like for our users that were already using us maybe for the first time. It's like, here's your AI editor. And then it's like try it. And we preload what, you know, we edit something for them or something like that, you know, like they click a button and it's as though we've told the note, change this to that. You know, like.
Becca Bressler: Yeah, I'm not, I'm not sure that's. But.
Becca Bressler: But yeah, I think thinking about this page, knowing that we want them to understand the editor, how to copy their note and then the audit feature I think are probably like the key things we want people to understand or explore. Yeah, that's what I would say.
Anya Nelson: Okay, cool. Yeah, got it.
Becca Bressler: Also, feel free to lose the like start a call, pop up. I think that's gonna go away.
Anya Nelson: Oh good. Okay, cool.
Becca Bressler: Yeah, good is.
alfred: And then, I mean you started doing some stuff with the template builder. I think, I don't think that should be priority right now. But I do want us to get together at some point and look at this in a more broader sense of things. Because it's not just the template builder. It's form builder, it's note template, it's even lab templates. So all these things are gonna. We want to kind of start not reinventing the wheel and have them be like a consistent. Like this is how you create templates for an organization, for an individual, for all that stuff. That's work that we're already at least from an engineering site, starting to think, think about this as well. So it'd be good know. But again, I don't think it's priority right now.
alfred: I'm not a first time user, but it is something know Marcus, we might want to prioritize at some point and start.
alfred: And start thinking about it as well. So there's, there's. I think the bigger one that, that, that changes how things work a little bit is the form. So once. And we're actively looking at the back end changes for the form. So as we're thinking about the forms, maybe we start looking at the forms and we start looking at the template builder as, you know, as the unifying. Like this is how we do templates in general. But again, I'm detracting.
Marcus Irven: It's a good call. Even appointment types is going through the same thing. Appointment type is a type of template. Like we're correct. And then it's also like, how do orgs manage them for their entire organization?
Marcus Irven: Like just to put some thoughts in your head, like all of these things are starting to become like the same behind the scenes. There's org level, there's public level, there's user level, and, and they're all. We're starting to implement that for everything, including appointment types, which is coming this weekend probably.
Anya Nelson: Okay.
alfred: So actually, yeah, that's. So I wasn't even thinking about appointment types, but it is so they're almost. Yeah. So it's like.
Anya Nelson: Yeah, okay, cool. Yeah, I'll like keep that in mind. And then like probably today just focus on like this kind of stuff.
Becca Bressler: That sounds.
Anya Nelson: That's chill. Okay.
Becca Bressler: You know, if you guys can be available like tomorrow morning to just like take a look and provide feedback just because I'm not going to be here. I'll nudge Jackson and Nate to do the same thing. But I want to keep Anya moving in my absence too.
Marcus Irven: Yeah. Do we want to sync up again tomorrow morning? Does it make sense for us to do another 9am check in or something?
Becca Bressler: Sure. I can schedule it and you guys can just log on.
alfred: Yeah. And unless you're working through any of these things on you, feel free to just.
Anya Nelson: Cool. Yeah.
alfred: Questions or whatever.
Anya Nelson: Okay. As of tomorrow, I can like show this stuff. It probably won't be like, you know, obviously as crazy many screens as this, but like. Yeah, we can like talk through it.
Becca Bressler: Awesome.
Anya Nelson: For sure. And then Becca, like for next week, because I don't know if you're still gonna be on vacation, like for Thursday, Friday, next week. Like, should I have something that I think I'm gonna work on or just like, are we just like.
Becca Bressler: Yeah, it's a good question.
Marcus Irven: Look, I have something you and I could talk about after this.
Becca Bressler: Okay, cool. Yeah, that's for, for design next week, for soon.
Marcus Irven: Okay. An idea that I'd like to advocate for. Let's put it that way.
Becca Bressler: Okay, cool. Okay. Marcus, do you want to chat now? Actually, would that be possible?
Marcus Irven: Yep. Give me, like, two minutes and then we'll get.
Becca Bressler: Okay. Yeah, me too. I'll ping you. All right. Bye, everyone.
Anya Nelson: Bye. Thanks.
alfred: Bye. Thank you.