Adam Harrison: Hi, Megan. Hey. Sorry I'm a few minutes late. I've been back to back, so really apologize for making you wait there.
Megan M: No worries. It's nice to meet you, Adam.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, great to meet you. How is your week going?
Megan M: Oh, really well, thanks. I work remote in Florida, so it's hard to complain about much.
Adam Harrison: That is Sounds much better. I'm in the cold here in the Northeast, so I wish I could be in Florida, but we were down in Florida. Actually, one of our clinics is down there, and we were. We were visiting them, so that was. That was nice. What part of Florida are you in?
Megan M: I live in a little town called Deland. It's like between Orlando and the Atlantic side, so get to do the beach and all the fun stuff. Yeah, Yeah. I used to live in Wisconsin, though, my whole life. So we just went down here. So I. I feel it. I. I'm not made for the cold, though, so we just figured, hey, you only live once. Let's just do it. So, yeah, we. We moved down here actually just last fall, so we're still. Oh, congratulations. Yeah, yeah, thanks. That's.
Adam Harrison: That's. That's amazing. Wow. So, what a change.
Megan M: Definitely.
Adam Harrison: Well, that is. Yeah. I certainly am jealous, especially in the winter. In February, it's been really tough, but. But yeah, excited we get the chance to connect. Did you already, by chance, did you work with someone else from our team Chen, in the past, or is this kind of your first meeting with us? I may have gotten my wires crossed there when I.
Megan M: Yeah, I didn't know who you were referencing, by chance.
Megan M: No, I never met with anyone. This is my first time. Yeah.
Adam Harrison: Okay. Perfect. Perfect. And you. So you, I think, are the biller for one of our clients, Carolyn. Is that correct?
Megan M: Yep. Carolyn Mallon. She's the owner of Balance Mental Health. I work there full time, so I'm their exclusive practice manager for all of that. But yeah, most of my day is definitely filled up with billing matters, so I'm pretty in depth the last about three years with that.
Adam Harrison: Okay, got it. And you're kind of full time with her in her practice, is that right?
Megan M: Yeah, yeah, she has a. She's a doctor. Nurse practitioner, which I didn't even know existed until I met her.
Adam Harrison: Oh, really?
Megan M: Yeah. But, yeah, we have, I think, 11 providers that are practice nursing now, nurse practitioners and counselors and therapists. So I deal with, yeah, both of those types of providers. Very cool.
Adam Harrison: Very cool. Yeah, that's. That's great. And. Has that. I'm just pulling up. I think you sent me. Sorry, just pulling up. Also, you shared your resume, so I make sure I reference that too. Yeah. It looks like you've been there since 2023, is that right?
Megan M: Yeah, I'm just a couple months away, I think from three years. I can't believe it, but I love it at balance, working for Carolyn's really great. And even though I've only been in behavioral health billing for that long, I've done medical and dental before that, but okay. Probably know like I'm in the thick of it now, which I think matters a lot.
Adam Harrison: Oh, for sure. It's always changing too what insurance wants and so definitely recency is. Recency is really good. Well, this is great. And the scope of your role there, like when you say billing, what does that entail for. For Carolyn's practice?
Megan M: Sure. Even though I'm technically, you know, a practice coordinator, you know, the beating heart of the practice is getting those claims out pretty much. I mean, when it comes down to it, yeah, I would say my role is I'm more like an auditor. I feel like actually day to day, that's what my brain feels like I'm doing. We try and catch a lot of upstream things before things become problems. Exactly. That's how I like to run things. At least it's just better for everybody. Right. Providers get paid faster, etc. So yeah, my day to day is like complete revenue cycle management. So we're looking at claims going out, we're auditing all of those and that entails, you know, not just the right CPT codes and matching things up with things like place of service and whether the documentation justifies everything, but also, you know, things, claims, when they go out of your ehr, there's payer nuances that you have to know about. Especially with behavioral health in New Hampshire, I feel like there's just so many little things with each payer that you have to know and you have to have those differences mirrored in your system before anything goes out. So we try and make our workflows as easy as possible, stuff for the providers as painless as possible. I know Carolyn uses good systems to help providers try and do that, but yeah, I feel like, yeah, kind of an auditor. I work with two really great admin colleagues that help me out with billing. But yeah, it's. A lot of we want to make sure things are good going out first and it creates less problems later. So.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, yeah, that's super helpful. And you have two, like, more junior billers working under you, or does that also include like front desk and eligibility when you say that as well, like, or is that sort of a separate thing?
Megan M: One colleague is pretty much excluded exclusively billing and pre authorizations for the nurse practitioners. My other colleague does. Yeah, things like eligibility, collecting, co pays, things like that. But I feel like one of the most rewarding parts of my job is my colleagues make me feel really smart when they ask me questions about, like, why is this happening with this one pair? You know, this random blank thing. They always pop up constantly. Things are always evolving and changing and, you know, you have to stay up on the provider newsletters and things like that. The insurance companies are making updates that you need to be aware of way ahead of time, so we have to prepare for that. But yeah, Carolyn does a really good job of hiring a good team around her, so I have great support. But yeah, I feel like being in it this long, you know, these three years, you just, you learn as you go through it, you need that, like, time in the business to like, kind of learn all those nuances. So I love, you know, knowing those parts of the ins and outs of the industry kind of as I, as I've worked here.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, yeah, super helpful. And I guess I am sort of curious, like a day in the life of Megan, like, how much of your time is spent, you know, doing all the different kind of buckets of activities you mentioned, whether it's, you know, doing kind of the auditing and review of claims, submitting claims, maybe posting payments. Maybe it's mostly like, you know, reviewing questions from your staff or managing denials. I don't know if you've ever had an audit or if that was something you've had to deal with too, or if that maybe was handled by a separate team. But yeah, I would love to hear just like a kind of a breakdown of like a day in the life and what, what are the things.
Megan M: And you said it all pretty much, except the audit part. We've never been audited.
Adam Harrison: Oh, that's great. That's awesome.
Megan M: Yeah, yeah, all of the above right now. You know, after the start of the new year, we had a couple, like, hiccups with a couple providers, very urgent issues going on with insurance. Like example, right now, we had to work with actually the New Hampshire insurance commissioner on an issue because. We just were not getting any communication from one of our payers and we ended up solving the problem. I am so happy about this this week, but I mean, it was kind of baffling, just a total error on their end.
Megan M: But I mean, those are the kinds of things that you have to deal with as a practice. I mean, you could be getting denied claims for one of your providers who you think is licensed, updating their CAQH profile online consistently, everything you think you're doing, everything right, but then you have a whole chunk of claims coming in as denials. I mean, we had to take patients off the schedule, we had to plan accordingly as a practice to protect ourselves. But turns out it was like an error on their end. So it was just like you have to, you know, in that process, I had to work closely with that provider and reassure them, you know, everything's going to be okay. Like, we're working on it as hard as we can and we will get a resolution. But on our side, it's like we didn't really know what was going on because we had no communication. But, you know, I am able to, I think, really well also work with providers and other departments, stuff like that. But we had to deal with it. It was urgent. We just had to adjust things, keep the business running, obviously. But right now we're working on like another issue for another provider with a problem with the payer. So not only do you have to have all your contacts, but you have to know how to approach the payer, what to do. Each payer has a different process for everything, so you just have to be aware of all those things. But right now, that's taking up a lot of time this week because those things are urgent. But if all of us are keeping on top of our daily tasks, weekly tasks, we're able to kind of be able to carve out that time for urgent issues. So we're not getting backed up on claims. We're not, you know, everything is still running smoothly behind the scenes because we have our system so well in place and everyone has their roles. So, you know, the beginning of the year, there's always maybe some hiccups. There's a lot of changes in people's insurance at the practice too. So you gotta plan for that, on how to approach that as smoothly. But yeah, during the day, a lot of questions from providers, like I said, questions from my colleagues every once in a while. But yeah, kind of just making sure everything's, like I said, going out smoothly before we encounter any problems later is our main goal, which is why we keep things kind of rigid. We have a lot of guidelines that we have our practitioners follow. You know, it's not just entering the right codes and matching places. It's also getting your notes signed within 24 hours, things like that. Because if we ever do get audited, we want those people to look and see that, okay, these providers are getting their notes in on time. They're not signing notes, you know, a week or a month later sometimes I've heard, which makes me kind of ill. But we have a very strict kind of regimen here at the, the, at the practice. So it keeps things running pretty smoothly on a day to day basis, I feel.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, that's super helpful. And tell me a little bit about like the systems and tools and like software you guys use for like your, your billing and your ehr, I guess too.
Megan M: Yeah, we use a great platform for our clearinghouse, Waystar, if you've heard of it.
Megan M: I love it. They're a really amazing service. Really robust, great user interface, really easy to find the info you need. It definitely makes up for our current EHR that we just switched to. It's iNotes Plus. I've never. No one uses it. We're one of very few practices I think that DO use is geared toward psychiatric practices. So it is nice. It's not just like a general mental health ehr, which I think was the big pro in the beginning, but they like, I don't know, they updated to a new system and it's, it's a little clunky, but it gets the job done, I guess. And then the third big system we use is Spruce, just for our patient communication and we also communicate with our colleagues at the office with that as well. So Spruce, Waystar, Iconotes Plus.
Adam Harrison: Okay, great. And I kind of think I had something. I just lost my train of thought. But no, I think that's all super helpful context. Let me actually take a little bit of a step back and maybe introduce like jots like myself and all that. I probably should have started with that before. I just like, I was just very curious about your world. But yeah, so it sounds like you're already somewhat familiar with jots, like but a little bit of background jots. Like we really started out as an AI scribe for psychiatry and behavioral health more broadly. Since then, that was like a few years ago now, we've been continuously adding new bells and whistles on top of that. So first we added. Scheduling and then we added like labs and then we added, you know we just are launching E Prescribe now. So kind of like more of these EHR and practice management features. You know we've been continuously like adding on top of just the core scribe. And now the thing that we are building and launching is are like RCM service offering. So the, the way it works is you go into Jotsy, you sign your note. When you sign the note that is also you know within that workflow you're also doing kind of like it's going to suggest the code for you, you can override that, you know it's going to confirm kind of the place to service and the modifiers and you know there's a few like attestations you have to do. And then essentially from there as a clinician you know you are sort of like you're kind of good to go and you can like kind of let Jotsy handle all the downstream stuff from there. So we have our own clearinghouse that we've, we have integrated with. Steady is the clearinghouse we work with S T E D I. So that is like within but that's all just kind of abstracted away and that is like within the job site product you'll see like the clearinghouse and the claim, the claims and like the status of the claims and all that. We have like patient payments as well. Through that we're building eligibility checks that will be coming soon like within the product. Right now it's more of an external service. So yeah we're really like offering sort of a more of a service based plus jots like software RCM offering to some of our like clients. And what we are kind of looking for are folks who are kind of like yourself, experienced, you know, have been living and breathing, you know RCM in your day to day and behavioral health in your day to day. You know, not just from a like individual contributor level but someone who has the broader understanding of like end to end how a full practice operates. And we are kind of looking for people to guide us on this journey as we think about hey, like you know, what should this dashboard look like within JOT Psych with all the claims, like what's kind of the minimum amount of information we need here for this to be like useful to you? Maybe like we're onboarding some of our early customers and. What are some of the pitfalls we need to be aware of as we're kind of trying to do a transfer of like, you know, simple practice or therapy notes, moving all that data into Jotse, setting up the new clearing house, doing the enrollments. Some of that you need to do, some of it you don't need to do. If it's Medicaid, it's more complicated. Depending on the state you are, it's more, it's can vary. Right.
Adam Harrison: So we're just kind of looking for kind of like trusted advisors who can be sort of like looking over our shoulders as we are doing some of this work and just making sure that we're like doing right by our users and our customers and that we are like building this out in a way that is like really robust and like, is a good product experience for the end user and is like a system that's like very reliable and like trustworthy. So it's going to be a kind of a mix of like, I think, you know, we're looking for someone that we can hop on a call with like once a week or maybe more frequently and like troubleshoot on like, hey, I'm having this issue with this client and we need to like figure out what's going on with these claims or what's going on with this enrollment or what's like, the next step I need to take. It might also be, you know, hey, we are working on a new version of our like claims interface within the job site product and we need someone to help us who's used Waystar and all these other systems a bunch to know like, what actually is helpful and what is like maybe less useful. So that is, yeah, we have like a few advisors already who are like supporting us, but we want to make sure we are not like overfitting to one perspective, you know, because there's multiple schools of thought and you know, you, you seem like someone who would be like a really great candidate if you had an interest in like helping us shape the product and also like, you know, kind of ensure some of the delivery of our early users is like the right thing. So that's the background on jotslake in terms of my role. I've been a shots like here for just about a year now. I don't have like a RCM background, so I am a little bit new to this space, which is part of why we are looking for folks like yourself. But I am kind of leading our charge along with like our two founders into like the billing world. And so I'm doing a lot of, like, the onboarding of our new clients and like helping to do the a lot of that initial onboarding and setup work and will probably be also kind of like the point of contact for some of these clients longer term. Eventually we'll hopefully have more of a staff who can help with that. I'm sure that was a lot, but let me pause there. I'm sure you have. Questions so wanna but wanted to give you just the lay of the land there.
Megan M: I think that is so cool that you guys are taking in multiple perspectives like you said, multiple schools of thought. And all of these businesses are run in their own unique ways. So I think that's really nice that you guys are doing that. I think that's one of the pitfalls of our EHR system that we just upgraded to. It's. I, I wish, I think on an almost daily basis I wish I input for this system because I feel like some platforms they, you know, the developers I'm sure are extremely talented but you have to know how a psychiatric practice works and what's important because little things add up and take up lots of time during the day if it's not super efficient and user friendly. So I think that's great that you guys are doing that. Thank you for explaining the project. I think I'm super interested in this. I've kind of been swimming with questions in my mind about what this could possibly look like. So I think that's really cool that you guys are creating a service like this. Even if you don't mind. May I ask just like a question or two? Like I'm just curious.
Megan M: Yeah, of course. With things like psychiatric like med management, it's so documented, it's very important you have your documentation. Correct. With things like AI, how would it differentiate between a therapy add on? Would it be reading the language and you just give them guidelines for that or. That's just something I've been thinking about. Things like that. Is that what it would be doing or what does that look like? Does that make sense?
Adam Harrison: Yeah, it's a great question. So, so essentially how it works is job site, you know, records the session and then gets a written transcript. We don't, we don't store any like audio. We just have like the written transcript and then from that, you know it will based on the transcript make a recommendation on like is this a 99213? 99214? Is it a psychotherapy add on? Like how long was the psychother therapy add on? You need to like obviously review and validate but it will give you a starting point. And the other thing we can do is we can ingest like payer contracts that you have. And so there's like Cigna when you get credentialed they give you like a 50 page PDF, right? So our AI will like have all that as context and will also like. Write the note in a way that adheres to those guidelines. So you know, we know we have like Adam at 12 o' clock has an appointment. He has Cigna. This is like our agreement with Cigna. And so you know, based on the session, based on like the payer contract and like other rules that you, you can like configure all the rules that you want to have as far as like what your note looks like. So it's all very customizable. Yeah. Then it will output the note in like you know, in that format. So yeah, like we have a template that's specifically for a psychotherapy add on session where you'll have like that section at the bottom that's like, you know, time spent and then like the different techniques used and all like all that kind of like outlined. Yeah.
Megan M: Really cool. Well I think it's great that you guys are adding that RCM feature because like it or not, I mean those insurance, that big PDF of insurance contract, I mean that has an effect on patient care, you know, it does. Insurance is a big part of it. So unfortunately, whether we like it or not. But I think it's great that you are adding that to job psych. It's obviously a good step. So. Cool.
Megan M: Yeah, it's really interesting. Yeah.
Adam Harrison: Yeah. Awesome. Well, I know we're kind of coming up on time here I guess, you know, wanted to talk a little bit about like, you know, if this is something you'd be interested in doing or not and like kind of what your availability would look like for something like this. And then I know you specified in your email like you know, you were at like 200 an hour for your consulting services. We have, we've been like targeting you know, folks more like we have someone at like more in like the hundred range. So I would need to get like kind of approval to go above that. But yeah, I wanted to talk about some of those, like some of those pieces around like your availability and what that looks like. And then if you have some flexibility on your like hourly rate. Because I am going to have to try to like make the case for that a little bit to the rest of the team.
Megan M: Sure. My availability and I think you said it would be like a few hours a week or something like that. I'm pretty flexible. I work fully remote as I said. So I can kind of carve out time if it's you know, a few hours a week like that. I should be able to do that easily. I'm on eastern time like you. I think so same time zone and then anything like as close to 150. Between 100 and 150, I would say. Definitely consider. So I'll just put that.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, yeah, yeah. No, totally makes sense. I will just have to kind of, like, go talk to the team and see what they're. They're good with. But I'll. I'll come back to you with, like, more clarity there, so. But, yeah, that all sounds great. I'm, like, super excited about the possibility of working together. And, you know, maybe we start with something like a weekly call, and we can, like, adjust up or down as needed. But yeah, I think. I think this sounds like a really great setup, potentially. So excited to. To meet you.
Megan M: Awesome. Well, it was really great to meet you today, Adam. I appreciate your time.
Adam Harrison: All right, thanks so much, Megan. Have a great weekend. We'll be in touch.
Megan M: See you.
Adam Harrison: All right, bye.