Becca Bressler: Hey there.
Sarah Shrader: Hi. Sorry, I totally forgot.
Becca Bressler: Oh, God. No problem at all. Sarah, thank you so much for meeting. How's it going?
Sarah Shrader: Going well. I actually have my, my student listening here.
Becca Bressler: Brittany. Nice to meet you. So, Sarah, I'm hoping to talk to you about a feature that you have on your account. A lot of our users don't, and I'm hoping to get some feedback from you and initial impressions. Do you know what the JOT audit tool that I'm talking about, the little audit tab with the suggestions.
Sarah Shrader: Yeah.
Becca Bressler: Do you, do you think that we could start by you sharing your screen and maybe we could look at some of your notes and go through the suggestions and I, I. Based on the data that we have, correct me if I'm wrong, it appears that you haven't actually used it as far as like clicking. You know, there's a, there's a button on there that says fix with AI. You know, like taking suggestions and moving it.
Sarah Shrader: I did start using that either today or yesterday as far as like entering the PDMP stuff, but like the little magical, you know, because a lot of times it'll say like, haven't reviewed yada yada, when I actually have. So I've been using that more. But you're right.
Becca Bressler: No, I haven't.
Sarah Shrader: Told me.
Becca Bressler: Actually, I'm curious where. What to see if. When you show like the thing that you've been using. And, and also. Yeah, I think it'd be great to learn why. I mean, maybe it's not valuable to you because you don't. Yeah. At like any and everything. I want to hear all the criticisms and. For this. But yeah, I would love to start by just sharing your screen.
Sarah Shrader: Okay. This one.
Becca Bressler: Okay.
Sarah Shrader: Does that work?
Becca Bressler: Yes, totally.
Sarah Shrader: Okay, so wait, now I can't see you? I don't know. I don't know what I'm doing. So you can only see that screen. Okay, so. We'll start with newest first. So like, with this, if I go to the pair where most of the time and I did review her pdmp, it's just saying not documented, not documented, blah, blah, blah. Got it. But if I click over on the audit part there, it'll say, like, not viewed or not whatever. So like, I'll click the. The little fix with AI and it usually will fix it for me. So then. So, yeah, so then it's showing that it's fixed.
Becca Bressler: So you. So you've just started using that, the wand?
Sarah Shrader: I just discovered it, like, probably yesterday afternoon.
Becca Bressler: So, yeah, that's super interesting because I've noticed that you, at least, if like, our records are correct, have like, clicked into audit. But if you just noticed the wand, could you talk to me about your early impressions of that audit tab? Were you just, like, it's too much. I, you know, can't really, like, learn this right now. I'm too busy. I'd just be curious if we even just pop back over to the audit tab to get some of your impressions.
Sarah Shrader: Well, honestly, it has very little to do with jot psych itself and more to do with just my employer, who I love to death. And I know he's one of yalls, like, people or whatever, but yeah, it's more so just like, I'm inundated with patients all day long, and then like, he wants us to adjust things that we're doing for our notes, and then I just feel even more overloaded with, like, extra stuff that I have to do now. So it's like I feel like I'm mostly just trying to get my notes done and not actually taking the time to, like, play around and, like, do this and that and like, really make the most of my experience with shot psych. I would like to. To learn more, to make it more like intuitive or user friendly or where I'm not having to like really go through the notes to make sure everything says what it's supposed to say. Because that's another thing I'm seeing is like, I don't know, just I guess either not picking up on things in the context of like, like, it makes, it makes it sound different from what we actually discuss in our appointment. So, like, you know, if we renew, like if I had increased a medication at the last visit and this visit we talked about whatever it'll say this visit, like we increased dose, blah, blah, blah. But actually it was already done. We're leaving it alone. So my thing, I guess is just that I'm trying. I'm. I feel like I'm spending a lot of time having to just like double check everything and make adjustments.
Becca Bressler: Yeah. And just so I understand what you're saying there, Sarah, like the lacking context it this. We're not even talking about the audit panel anymore. We're just talking about the note itself. Like you're just spending time. Yeah.
Sarah Shrader: Okay. That's awful. So. And yeah, and so I know you're asking about the audit
Becca Bressler: thing just to say like, you know, based on something else I'm hearing from you is. Which is not unique. You know, all of the clinicians that use the software are extremely busy. And so part of the project is like, hey, we actually think we have a tool that ultimately will help you edit your notes. But our job is to make it user friendly, to make it intuitive, to like show the value immediately so you don't have to be like, oh, I don't have time to figure out what that is.
Sarah Shrader: Right.
Becca Bressler: Like, that's our goal. And so I'm curious to just get some impressions from you, even visually. Like if you're like, this is too much text or like. Or is this a junk solution? Right. Like there's. Because there's a few different categories. There's the, like, oh yeah, this says I didn't add the pdmp, but like, how could it. Like I didn't click a box right there. There's the duh and then there's that this is a junk suggestion.
Becca Bressler: And I would just get like feedback from you about the various things you're seeing.
Sarah Shrader: This might be a little side off, but is there a way to set it up that whatever you want it to focus on in your appointments can be applied to all your patients so that way you don't have to keep going in each time and you know, setting the standard for that patient to use in the future. It can just be the same thing for everybody.
Becca Bressler: Does that make sense? That's an example of something that you would want to apply to everyone.
Sarah Shrader: Just like the typical things, like it'll always have in the note, the location, the pmd, what have you. That might be a poor example,
Becca Bressler: but yeah, no, we are actually working on a version of the recorder screen, actually. Let me share my screen with you. This is still in early stages, but hoping to release this pretty soon. Let me know if this answers your question. But our hope is to get to a place. Can you see my screen, by the way, where you can add on the recorder screen and then that will actually factor into the note. Is that kind of what you're asking for?
Sarah Shrader: I think so.
Becca Bressler: So you'll be able to click that's coming.
Sarah Shrader: If it's. Oh, yeah, yeah.
Becca Bressler: And then that'll like, push into the note, which will then influence the kind of things you're getting in the audit panel. Right. If it's already there, you'll stop seeing a flag, but yeah. Sarah, I'm just curious to get your impression of the quality of the flags and just like, visually, like, what is your mental impression when you see something like this?
Sarah Shrader: I mean, overall, I'm, I'm pleased with it. There's. There are some instances where it's, you know, spitting out that the Visit is like a 99213 where I don't necessarily feel that that's the case. And so I guess that would be other than the, the PDMP thing, which is if is fixed now, that's really the only other thing. And then, and then sometimes it'll, you know, give me a little flag for like, what is it, like, referral or if we talked about the patient, like having therapy with someone and towards the bottom, coordination of care. Like, sometimes it'll. It'll give me a little flag for that. And most of the time it's mostly just like, you know, we can, we talk about, you know, I'll let the front desk know that you're interested in. In starting therapy and they'll reach out to you or, you know, oh, I already have a therapist. I see. So and so from like a different practice and it'll flag me for things when, like, we're not necessarily talking about doing a, like, you know, legitimate referral. Like, it's just kind of. I'll let them know you're interested in therapy and so that, you know, it. Sometimes the flags just seem like they're kind of not necessary, I guess.
Becca Bressler: What would this. Flag, say, in that case, that would be unnecessary.
Sarah Shrader: Oh, God, I'd have to find one.
Becca Bressler: Not, you know, verbatim. I guess what I'm curious of is, is it. Is the, is the note like, you know, in order to meet the criteria for this code, you need to say more here. Is that the idea?
Sarah Shrader: I think it's. I don't think it's related to the coding. I think it's more so just, you know, like more information needed regarding coordination of care, yada, yada. Like something about maybe like a release, like ensuring that there's a release on file kind of thing. It's. I don't know.
Becca Bressler: Right. So is that. It's almost like an administrative recommendation that doesn't have to do with compliance or, or audit. So it feels like it's outside of the bounds of like auditing, kind of.
Sarah Shrader: Yeah. But it pops up with like that red asterisk. So it's just like, oh God, what am I missing?
Becca Bressler: Like on the side panel, you mean?
Becca Bressler: It's like one non compliance things. Okay, that's super interesting. One of the things you mentioned is seeing a suggested code that didn't look right. And I'm curious if you've had the desire to like adjust the code that it's evaluating for or if that's not something that's occurred to you. Do you know, do you understand my question?
Sarah Shrader: Like, if I'm putting in or like adjusting the. So if it says like it's a 99213, but I feel like it's a 99214, like if I'm changing that.
Becca Bressler: Yeah. Have you been like, oh, I wish I could just change 99214 and like reanalyze because like that's actually the thing. Thing I think this session is. Or that's not something that you've encountered.
Sarah Shrader: So I, I mean, I have changed the code based on that, but I haven't re analyzed it. I did. Like, I honestly, I didn't even realize that there was a reanalyze button until I noticed it with the PDMP thing, so. Got it. Yeah. I'm still very much learning the process, I guess.
Becca Bressler: No, no, but this is all helpful, right? Because ideally, like, it's easy to notice the reana, you know, so. So this is all really helpful feedback for us. So can you click those stars again just to open the audit panel?
Sarah Shrader: Oh, yeah, I was trying to figure out how to do that. Oh, this might be okay. So I don't know if it's coming.
Becca Bressler: Oh, this is. This can you hover over it?
Sarah Shrader: I kind of want to read it. Looking back, I don't know if it's popping up with an asterisk for sure, but it's just one of the things that pops up that I'm just like. It seems just kind of, like, extra. Yeah, okay.
Becca Bressler: Like, to your eye, this suggestion actually is like kind of unnecessary. Like, this is not something you need to meet the criteria.
Sarah Shrader: Yeah. Because most of the time I would say there's a very small percent of visits I have where I'm actually saying like, hey, let's refer you to neurology, or, hey, let's, you know, refer you to someone for, you know, something outside of my scope of practice. And if it were, then I would, you know, most certainly, like, include that information. But if we're just saying, like, oh, yeah, I can let the front office to reach you or, you know, to contact you about setting you up with therapy, like, I mean, it does it just Right.
Becca Bressler: It's not a require, it's not like a requirement that you do this in. Yeah, gotcha. Okay, super helpful. It also seems like if I'm right, you didn't know how to reopen it. Right. Like it wasn't obvious to you how to get that panel open.
Sarah Shrader: Yeah, I didn't. Well, yeah, I mean, I totally figured it out,
Becca Bressler: but I have trouble with this too. If I'm being honest though. I'm like, what the hell are these stars?
Sarah Shrader: Where'd it go? It was just here.
Becca Bressler: So. Yeah, totally, totally. Okay, cool. This is super helpful. Do you feel like, what do you. What's your like, impression of suggested versus non compliant? Right. Because there's like a red, yellow and a green. And I'm curious how you feel about there being all three of those options or just from like a, you know, your goal is to make sure your documentation is like rock solid.
Sarah Shrader: What, so you mean red, yellow and green? Like these little colors on the right, Like.
Becca Bressler: Yeah. I guess the question I'm trying to get at is like, you know, we have non compliant and then we have suggestions. And do you. Is it helpful to have both of those categories?
Sarah Shrader: Yeah, I guess. I guess I would say, like, I don't know, I can see how it would be overwhelming. I think maybe suggestions like, if it wasn't just automatically populated out like this. Because. Because I. I mean, I didn't realize that it was color coded. So when I see this, I'm kind of thinking like, okay, what are these things that I need to do? And so it just makes it feel like it's more, I guess not quite a suggestion. Maybe more of like, you know, you should do this. But what was I about to say? I guess, you know, one bit of fear feedback or maybe something that would be cool to consider is like, for those notes where I feel like it's a 21 4. And this is spitting out that it's a 2, 1, 3. You know, if there were some way where it maybe said, you know, like, in order to meet a 214 criteria, like, these are the things that you're missing. Yeah, totally. Like, if I, if I, I have a general idea going into people, like certain patients of mine where I'm like, okay, they're generally going to be a 214 either based on, like, how many diagnoses I'm working with here or just like, how long I usually end up working with them or I know that they're not stable on their meds. And this is a follow up on that. If I know they're going to be a 21 4, you know, being able to enter that and then if it comes back and tries to say, like, oh, this was a 21 3. Well, you know, you can bill a 214 based on like, different things. But like, according to, to your input, like, what are you. What is the software recommending I add to my note in order to, you know, meet compliance for a 214.
Becca Bressler: Right. It sounds like what would be helpful is, okay, it says it's a 99213, but you want to actually edit the code and be like, analyze it with this code in mind so that it will then surface.
Sarah Shrader: Yeah. And maybe like highlight, you know, like more information needed here or, you know, more whatever or, or yeah.
Becca Bressler: What do you think about it being on the side as like a tool that you use versus something that is being flagged throughout the note? Like, are you someone who just like, oh, you know, I'm naturally going to scroll the note, so I kind of want to see it as I'm scrolling or does it feel tidy having it kind of on the side or
Sarah Shrader: I don't mind having it on the side. I think it's more of just like, user error and just needing to get used to, like, the flow of it. I'm, I'm pretty easy to adapt to stuff. It's just a matter of like, relearning and totally figuring out all the things that it can do. And then just earlier today I sat down with Ed and he was showing us, you know, as far as like putting in a diagnosis or a billing code. Like, we can put them in down here. Yeah. And I don't know if that'll do, like, what we were just talking about. But as far as, like pointing out, you know, like, oh, no, you put a 21 4. But actually, like, based on blah, blah, blah, we're saying it's a 21 3. I don't know if that'll change.
Becca Bressler: That's the goal. Yeah. Is like, oh, this is. There's a mismatch seemingly between what you put and what the note output is. But. But yes. Okay. This has been super helpful, Sarah. Yeah. I really appreciate your time. It's been really helpful. And I'll let you go five minutes early. I know you're a very busy woman, and we'll be sure to send you a gift card for all your help and. Yeah, thank you.
Sarah Shrader: Thank you. Well, thanks. If you need any more input, just let me know.
Becca Bressler: Of course, I may. I may reach out to you in the future, so.
Sarah Shrader: Yes.
Becca Bressler: Thank you.
Sarah Shrader: Thank you.
Sarah Shrader: Have a good one.