Dr KULWANT SINGH , INC: You guys can utilize as well. But they are looking us like us to buy them this subscription or something. Okay.
Christopher Hume: Yeah. Could you explain to me what you use jetsyc for? Is it just note taking? Do you use any of the documentation generation features or anything like that?
Dr KULWANT SINGH , INC: No, we are just like right now we are just using for the documentation. Okay.
Christopher Hume: Just for the clinical notes.
Dr KULWANT SINGH , INC: Clinical notes. So we are like a mental health specialty the way I, I do. I like if it's a follow up, I go with like a follow up with the psychotherapy note. If it says pervato like eschatamine then we are going with eschatamine. If it's a tms, we are going with the tms. Those three. Usually we are using these three protocols right now or these three templates right now.
Christopher Hume: Oh perfect. Well that's great that you're already using the templates and you saw our specialties there. You said that you have multiple clinics or multiple offices. Offices. And some you have heavy users and some you have. Some people are only in a few times a week.
Christopher Hume: Few times a week, yes. This is actually perfect timing. So we can offer two things for you.
Christopher Hume: So one, as a organization, if you'd like kind of your teammates to try drop psych, we can roll out a pilot program. So what this is is we can either give you two weeks and we can do unlimited access to your teammates for free. Four weeks there's a small cost. In six weeks there's a small cost. So we could get everyone up and running, they could try it out and at the end we girt them to paid accounts as appropriate in terms of discounts we can offer for groups or usage. So if you just want some of your members, we're actually changing our pricing in a week or two. And so if you have people who are making less than 15 notes a month, that's going to be $39 a month. So we can get them on a pretty reduced. And then if you have people who only do notes and don't use any of the other job site features but maybe do do more than 15 notes a month, that would be from 15 to infinity would be $100 a month. And we could work with you to make sure the templates are standardized and we kind of price it accordingly.
Dr KULWANT SINGH , INC: Sure. One more question. So you're saying like if someone is doing like more than fifty then then it's like a hundred dollar more than fifteen.
Christopher Hume: It's a hundred dollars less than fifteen. So this is usually for interns or students. So people who are just doing maybe a few sessions a week. So less than 15 notes. It's 39.
Dr KULWANT SINGH , INC: Okay. Okay. And if somebody. Like, but like that is not something for us.
Dr KULWANT SINGH , INC: Like whoever is working like they're working like at least two days a week, if not two days a week. Yeah. So one day a week. But the note will be still like if somebody's working one day a week four times, it is going to be some, somewhere like around 70 to 80 notes.
Christopher Hume: Okay, so you're going right through that, that number.
Dr KULWANT SINGH , INC: Yeah, yeah. So yeah. Okay, so that means like you are saying $100.
Christopher Hume: Yes, that will be. We'll be rolling out the hundred dollar tier in the next week or two. And so that's for people who just want the AI scribe and won't have access to those other features like sending forms, document generation, etc.
Dr KULWANT SINGH , INC: Okay, so like whenever somebody is doing like a forms only. No, no, no. So the documentation only those forms comes with that or no forms comes with that.
Christopher Hume: Let me show you. I think, I'm sorry, I'm probably using some words interchangeably here. So with the unlimited notes with jot. Psych, that means over here where you have your notes, you can have as many of these as you'd like. What you'd be limited with is kind of these sort of documents. So generate a workman comp document and I'm not sure if that's even a feature that you've been using, but so you can generate based off your note. Job site allows you to generate reports, referral letters, forms, et cetera. And that's something that is an add on to that $100 a month fee.
Dr KULWANT SINGH , INC: What can be the price for that for this?
Christopher Hume: Let me check to get access to all of these features. I appreciate you bearing with me here. I believe that is to have all of those features. So the document generation, the labs, the sending of PhQ9s and Gad7s, that's around for the extra dollars a month.
Dr KULWANT SINGH , INC: Okay. Okay. Any discounts if it's a group practice?
Christopher Hume: I typically we offer discounts for groups of seven or more but I'll have to actually check with my, my team on what that's going to look like in the new structure.
Dr KULWANT SINGH , INC: Okay, let me count my provider.
Dr KULWANT SINGH , INC: So mm, it is a seven providers.
Christopher Hume: It's seven providers.
Dr KULWANT SINGH , INC: It is seven providers, yes.
Christopher Hume: Okay, perfect. Then we could certainly. I'd have to check but I think we could find a discount there.
Dr KULWANT SINGH , INC: Okay. Okay. And the other thing is, let me tell you my situation.
Dr KULWANT SINGH , INC: You can tell me like. I'm sure like I. I think we, I supposed to reach you before like but somehow we are meeting today. So when we are like just when we are creating new node or generating new node, like what other providers are doing, you know what I do, I delete it on the same time. So I'm just trying to clear it. Yeah, that is something. Nice practice or what? What we supposed to do?
Christopher Hume: It's certainly up to you. So if you leave your note in there, what it allows JOT psych to do is if you leave this week's note inside job site, next week's note with your patient, it can actually refer back and bring context forward. So we recommend leaving the notes in there but we certainly have some customers who just kind of clear it out as they go.
Dr KULWANT SINGH , INC: Okay. And if you're doing like a, if we are doing like a, if you're doing like a group setting. Okay. I'm sure like everyone has their own access. Like if it's like seven different or six different, like if it's me as a admin, six other providers they all going to have like their separate accounts. Is there any one account like a additional account or my account we able to see like everybody's note. Is it something possible?
Christopher Hume: Absolutely. So what we can set it up is. And so you as the supervisor could have access to everyone's note. Or we could set up an admin account for maybe. I'm not sure if you have a biller or a front desk person.
Christopher Hume: That's what I'm saying.
Dr KULWANT SINGH , INC: Sometimes like the. I know the AI helps very much with the documentations and everything like but sometime providers are super busy or they might be little destructible like they keep like recording and recording, not adding. If we have a front desk help, they can help them to keep adding. If there is one admin account or something.
Christopher Hume: Yes, absolutely. Then they can go in the notes, they can review the notes, they can copy them out. In terms of what I can do for you, Menveer, would it be helpful if we set up a pilot for some of your colleagues to try us? So we could set up a program where I'd give everyone training, they could try JOT psych and then after those two weeks or month you could decide kind of how you'd like to move forward.
Dr KULWANT SINGH , INC: Sure. One other question. I'm using it already clinically wise because some of them, they're under free trials right now. I can tell them like they are using their own emails or something. Yes. So yeah. So my recommendations to them is like make sure. They add, like, a patient's date of birth, because sometimes it says, like, unspecified demographic. I tell them, like, if it's nice, like, if you're entering your medication information sometime, like, maybe different accents, it pick up, like, different medications name or something. Those are two. My recommendation, like. And maybe like adding their diagnosis because that is something priority. What do you recommend? Like to make like it like less errors or less spelling issues.
Christopher Hume: So there's two things we can do here. Let me show you. So one is if you're seeing issues come up a lot where it's misunderstanding
Dr KULWANT SINGH , INC: patients little bit only not too much for my perspective. I felt only the medication names. Okay, okay. That was my one. And the other thing is like when we are writing like a, on the note side, like whenever we are writing like a diagnosis, then I the way I do all the time, I put like date of birth in the writing. I just copy paste the medication. I copy paste the diagnosis on the joad psych. So like that means like the medication goes with the diagnosis. Like it start integrating with each other.
Christopher Hume: Oh my gosh. Okay, well the. Let me.
Christopher Hume: The one thing that we sometimes recommend is if it's having trouble with information about the patient, you can go to settings up here and then go to recording and then tell it stop redacting the names and the transcripts. And then it will do a better job of identifying the patient and getting some of that demographic information correct. In terms of notes, what I. Or excuse me, prescriptions. What I would recommend is have you been able to use this feature that allows you to change.
Dr KULWANT SINGH , INC: I'm using.
Christopher Hume: Okay. Oh, well then you're ahead of me. You're, you're. You should be giving the demo. Super user. That is what I would recommend if you have a particular example where you're like, hey, it seems to be combining. If you just tell me the date and time of the note, I can take a look from my end and see if I have a specific recommendation.
Dr KULWANT SINGH , INC: Be able to see my account.
Christopher Hume: I can see your account from my end. I just can't see patient information.
Dr KULWANT SINGH , INC: Okay, so what can I give you?
Christopher Hume: So you're able to see that if you just go to a note and then send me the link, I can take a look.
Dr KULWANT SINGH , INC: How can I send the link?
Christopher Hume: You can just either copy. Not you can just from the URL in the browser. Oh really? Yep.
Dr KULWANT SINGH , INC: Okay, let me give a try. I'm going to send you email.
Dr KULWANT SINGH , INC: Okay, give me a minute. Are you in california?
Christopher Hume: I am in washington d.c.
Dr KULWANT SINGH , INC: oh, washington. Okay, So it's not possible to do in person then?
Christopher Hume: We actually do do a lot of in person.
Dr KULWANT SINGH , INC: Person.
Christopher Hume: We do in person all over the country. We travel.
Dr KULWANT SINGH , INC: Okay. Okay, that's nice. Yeah. If you have any plans for California in the future, let us know.
Christopher Hume: Yep, absolutely.
Dr KULWANT SINGH , INC: Do you able to see it? I send you the email already.
Christopher Hume: Let me see. I'm sorry, Chris at Jake. Oh, here we go. Perfect. And so manvere, I will take a look at this note and kind of give you my feedback on maybe any changes we can. I actually have to jump to my. My next meeting. Okay, but in terms of getting your team set up and kind of establishing that psych account, could we set up a time to get them up and running with like a. A training and a kickoff. We'll do virtually next week and maybe we could do in person in the future. Is there next week for that meeting?
Dr KULWANT SINGH , INC: The next week meeting. How long is this meeting?
Christopher Hume: It'll just be 30 minutes. So typically we do it during a lunchtime.
Dr KULWANT SINGH , INC: Are you able to do like multiple meetings? Like two, three.
Christopher Hume: Oh yeah, of course. Certainly. Certainly.
Dr KULWANT SINGH , INC: Let's plan like a Wednesday and Thursday. Those two days.
Christopher Hume: Yep.
Dr KULWANT SINGH , INC: If possible like we have providers like all three days, like different provider. Wednesday, Thursday, Friday at 1:00'. Clock. All three meetings.
Christopher Hume: Yep. Wednesday, Thursday, Friday at one one. Yep. Let me. We'll go chat psychic off and I will add you to the meeting and then let me.
Dr KULWANT SINGH , INC: Okay. While you're on the line with me, let me make sure you add me as well. Sometime I. I need to let them know like there is a meeting coming. Okay. One person, her name is. I'm going to send you her information.
Christopher Hume: Perfect.
Dr KULWANT SINGH , INC: Their emails. Okay, I'm sending you their emails. Let me do this. Significant.
Christopher Hume: And so I will need to jump one veer.
Dr KULWANT SINGH , INC: I have a. Okay. Yes, I am sending all. All providers information.
Christopher Hume: Okay, perfect. And do just do they already have accounts or will we be setting them up?
Dr KULWANT SINGH , INC: We are setting them up.
Dr KULWANT SINGH , INC: I feel like set them up under Eagle View Psychiatry. Okay. We have their all access and if. If we feel in the future like we need to like not for like. Like I can track them from the like a claim like the one we are using for the ehr. It's most for the documentation. Like if they need additional help somebody from the front desk help them to add billing codes or something. So that is option.
Christopher Hume: Okay, perfect. That would. That would be wonderful. And how. How many of your colleagues already have accounts?
Dr KULWANT SINGH , INC: Maybe Rose Barra. And if someone else has account. They're. They're very new right now. Maybe like the monthly trial or something.
Christopher Hume: Okay. And then I have one. I'm sorry. It's a game of 20 questions. Right. Would you like to do. So we have three options and I can show you on my screen for the pilot we have a two week kickoff or a two weeks, four weeks or six weeks. Or we can just kind of move everyone into full jot. Psych users right away. What should be the most kind of beneficial for you?
Dr KULWANT SINGH , INC: Six weeks.
Christopher Hume: Okay. And so six weeks I'm just going to share kind of the pricing on everything. So two weeks is kind of unlimited access for free. Four weeks is unlimited access for $500 and we'll actually come out and do a check in to get everyone up and running. And then six weeks is a little bit.
Dr KULWANT SINGH , INC: So if it says six weeks, Four weeks is fine.
Christopher Hume: Four weeks. Okay, perfect. So I'll just make sure kind of before the meeting. I'll send you over the. The invoice, we get everyone up and running on their accounts and then we can plan our visit to California.
Dr KULWANT SINGH , INC: Yeah, it's good. It's very sunny.
Christopher Hume: Yeah.
Christopher Hume: I think it's probably a little nicer than D.C.
Dr KULWANT SINGH , INC: is right now. That's nice.
Christopher Hume: That's nice. Yeah.
Dr KULWANT SINGH , INC: Okay, so I am sending all providers. Providers like a information right now.
Christopher Hume: Okay.
Dr KULWANT SINGH , INC: Okay. So if you're going two weeks and then paying them. So the two weeks is kind of free.
Christopher Hume: So it'll be four weeks. So it'll be a month for 500 for everyone.
Dr KULWANT SINGH , INC: Okay. Okay. So the. I am sending you their information with their like the day they're available to attend those sessions. So maybe there are multiple meetings but like maybe help them to like whenever you call anybody try to. Or maybe you help us like beforehand, like create. Creating like a same template so everybody's on the same page.
Christopher Hume: Yep. And so that's included in the four week program. We'll create those templates for you and share them with the entire team.
Dr KULWANT SINGH , INC: Okay, thank you so much.
Christopher Hume: No, perfect. Thank you. Is there anything else I can kind of help with? Let me make sure I got the email list. Did I get that? I'm sorry, man. Did you send your colleagues emails yet?
Dr KULWANT SINGH , INC: I did. I just email you with their information.
Christopher Hume: Oh, perfect. Let me just wait for that to come through so I can set up those meetings. And I guess while we're waiting here, a question for you, Manver. How did you. How did you originally find job Psych?
Dr KULWANT SINGH , INC: No, I start with like a Heidi first. Okay. You know.
Christopher Hume: Yeah, yeah.
Dr KULWANT SINGH , INC: Then I felt like that I maybe. But I never done like any meetings with them. I just started by myself and I feel like that was like more like a medical stuff than the psych. Okay. Yeah. So that like, then somebody told me like, do you know advanced psychiatry there in Sacramento area as well?
Christopher Hume: Yes. Oh, I do. I work with. Yeah, no, I work with them.
Dr KULWANT SINGH , INC: I used to work with them before. Then I heard from someone like, oh, they are using Joe Psych. It's a big practice. So I felt like if they're doing something, I'm sure that's. Good one.
Christopher Hume: Well, that's, that's wonderful. That's great to hear. I'm, I'm sorry, I actually haven't seen that email come through yet.
Dr KULWANT SINGH , INC: Could you just make maybe check your spam or something?
Christopher Hume: Yeah. Because your first email came, I sent you to the.
Dr KULWANT SINGH , INC: Chris, Chris jotsy dot com.
Christopher Hume: Yeah, Chris dot com. That is me.
Dr KULWANT SINGH , INC: Let me do it again.
Christopher Hume: Yeah, thank you.
Dr KULWANT SINGH , INC: Okay, I just sent you.
Christopher Hume: Okay, let me just wait here. This is always how it works, right? When you're on the, on the phone with someone, email is never, never on time. Has to go all the way around the world before it gets, it gets to you. And it was Chrisot psych.com, right?
Dr KULWANT SINGH , INC: Yes.
Christopher Hume: Spam.
Dr KULWANT SINGH , INC: Okay, let me send you on the same email the one I sent. Yeah, that'd be perfect. Yep.
Christopher Hume: It. Let. And manveer, did you resend or did you reply to the email?
Dr KULWANT SINGH , INC: I am doing it right now.
Christopher Hume: Perfect. There we go. I got two emails. J a s k a u r then gailsbailey1mail.com Only two.
Dr KULWANT SINGH , INC: The other one you haven't received. I send you one other another email.
Christopher Hume: I haven't received that one yet, but hopefully it'll be here shortly. So. Interesting.
Dr KULWANT SINGH , INC: Maybe you can set up with them. Gail is available on the Friday.
Dr KULWANT SINGH , INC: Okay, let me. I can send you text message as well, so.
Christopher Hume: Oh yeah, that's perfect.
Dr KULWANT SINGH , INC: Yeah. Gail is available on Friday at 1 o'.
Christopher Hume: Clock.
Dr KULWANT SINGH , INC: Jason is available on this Tuesday at 1 o'. Clock.
Dr KULWANT SINGH , INC: Okay, let me send you more information. So where are you? It's you right there.
Christopher Hume: I will actually run.
Dr KULWANT SINGH , INC: I will message you not Perfect.
Christopher Hume: Awesome. Thank you so much.
Dr KULWANT SINGH , INC: Look forward to seeing you next week. See you next week.
Christopher Hume: Thanks.
Dr KULWANT SINGH , INC: Bye.
Christopher Hume: Bye.
Dr KULWANT SINGH , INC: Have a great weekend. You as well.