Nikhil Sharma: And yeah, I applied and then I found out that the founders like went to, went to UChicago. So I just reached out to them and yeah, that's kind of how that worked out. I think both of them graduated before me though, so yeah.
Becca Bressler: Yeah, definitely. Cool. So we don't have a lot of time, so I'm just going to kind of jump into it. I'm Becca, I'm the product manager at JOT Psych and we are, yeah, as you know, like looking for an internship to help with some like, data analysis, et cetera. I'd love to spend the next 15 minutes actually just asking you about a project that you've done, but specifically I'd be interested in hearing you talk about it from the perspective of what's like a question you had. Like what was something you were curious about and how did you go about answering it with data?
Nikhil Sharma: Yeah, that's, that's a good question. I would have to use my eeg. EEG thesis project. When I was an undergraduate I did a thesis paper on like EEG multivariate signaling. So basically how different signals in the brain correspond to like different types of memory usage, whether that be like essentially how people apply their short term memory for, for various tasks. So I, I started by like collecting EEG data by like hooking people up to a machine where they had to complete a, complete a working memory task. And then I collected their EEG data via that machine and the resulting data was essentially just, it was tabular, but it was extremely complex. So like a thousand rows and a thousand columns each representing like different, different parts of the brain used in, in different tasks. And then I had to take that data and I had to like clean it, I had to filter it. And that involved filtering out trials where the participant messed up the task or filtering out EEG signals that were. That were unnaturally high or unnaturally low relative to what we. EEG is like an electric signal. Not, not to go too much into that. Yeah. So I filtered pre process the data, segmented it into like different, different time components, and then I applied. I applied logistic regression to it, I believe. So I, I trained my model. I trained 80%. I took 80% as the training set and I used the logistic regression to predict there were two. Two working memory tasks. Use it to predict working memory Task A versus working memory test B. And then I applied it to the test set and it showed very. A decent ability to distinguish between A or B, which indicates that these EEG signals are highly correlated with different states of working memory. Yeah, that would be a. That would be an interesting project that I worked on.
Becca Bressler: What made you curious about that in particular? Like why that project?
Nikhil Sharma: Yeah, well, I have always been interested in cognitive science. That's. That's what I did my undergraduate in.
Becca Bressler: Me too, actually.
Nikhil Sharma: Super cool. Yeah. But I'm in a master's for applied Data science now. Yeah. So it. I just, I like that project because it's met sort of at the intersection of my two interests, that being CogSci and data science. So it was a good way to, to explore both worlds. I think shots like is sort of in the same vein where, where it takes like behavioral, like clinical data and then applies like technical analysis to it. So. Yeah.
Becca Bressler: So Obviously as a COGCI major myself, I know that that covers a lot of ground in different domains. Is memory just something that you've always been interested in? I just kind of be curious to hear a little bit more about like that particular subject and what drew you to it?
Nikhil Sharma: Yeah, I mean, I've been interested in memory. Been interested in like the. I guess I would say I'm more broadly interested in like the machinations of the brain, like how we think, why we think. Yeah, memory was just a vehicle. In which to like, practically explore the mechanisms of the brain. I wouldn't say I'm, like, particularly focused on that, you know.
Becca Bressler: Got it.
Nikhil Sharma: Yeah, got it. Yeah.
Becca Bressler: That's a good way of putting it. Like a vehicle through which to explore. Were you surprised by your findings? Like, did anything surprise you? I'm curious what you expected, maybe, versus what you uncovered.
Nikhil Sharma: No, I. To be honest, I wasn't surprised because, like, a lot of our. A lot of the papers I read prior to that had, had confirmed sort of my thesis that there was a. There was a pretty large correlation between, between EEG signaling and working memory processes. Um, the, the surprising part about my findings was that was how well the model performed. I. Yeah, the mechanisms by which people perform working memory have always been sort of. Have always been sort of ambiguous. So this, this really confirmed that there is. There is a pattern in the way that we. In the way that we think. Yeah. And that machines could classify it. Yeah. Sorry. Long story short, it didn't surprise me because past research, research had confirmed it, but it sort of provided empirical evidence for that fact.
Becca Bressler: Cool. Is it leading you towards like, another project? Like, I'm, you know, I'm not in academia, but I know that, you know, these things build on top of each other. And so I'm curious what's next for you in this vein?
Nikhil Sharma: Yeah, I'm more so interested in like, transitioning over to industry, I'd say.
Becca Bressler: Got it.
Nikhil Sharma: Yeah. This summer I worked. I worked with MIT Lincoln Laboratory, and I basically applied very similar, like, data analysis techniques to maybe more like government, more industrial data. Yeah. So if I could just. Yeah, I wouldn't say I'm like, particularly interested in exploring EEG data more. I'm more so interested in using the skills I built there. Yeah. To contribute to industry.
Becca Bressler: So one of the things. Okay, so let me tell you a little bit about, like, jot Psych and the types of analyses that we've been doing. And sorry if my line of questioning seemed surprising, but like one of the things we're evaluating here is for like curiosity, you know, I think like that's something we're definitely looking for is not just people who can like block and tackle on certain projects that we scope out, but people who can also kind of like look at the noise and ask the right questions to kind of help us progress the product forward. So a couple recent projects that we've been doing is looking at the first 10 minutes of a user's journey and like identifying drop off for instance and identifying particular places in the onboarding or the first time user experiences that are creating friction for a user. For instance, also looking at which features drive conversion. So when looking at users who are trialing versus users who are converting, like what do we see in the data around like using certain parts of the software correlate with a much stronger conversion rate, for instance. So those are just like a couple examples of the, of the types of analyses that we've been working on as far as like product analytic go, analytics go. Can you talk to me a bit about, does that interest you? What are like, what interests you about it? I'd be curious to hear more about, about that and why this particular type of opportunity.
Nikhil Sharma: Yeah, that's a good question. I would say that interests me primarily because it's in the, it's in a similar vein from what I've worked on before in the sense of like taking like cog sci data what like clinical, like patients, what patients are saying, what patients are reporting and then, and then applying that like a, to like a machine learning model of some sort. Yeah. To circle back on your, on your earlier point about how, how job psych is using clinical data to, to say that this patient's particular condition. Sorry, I lost my train of thought.
Becca Bressler: That's okay, take your time.
Nikhil Sharma: Yeah, I'm sorry, could you repeat the question one more time?
Becca Bressler: Yeah, yeah, I guess I'm curious. So just to be transparent about the kinds of analyses we're doing, it's not taking patient data and applying some like rigorous models to it. It's really product analytics. So that is something we're like looking to bring on someone to help us with. So it's about like the clinicians using the product and how do we uncover ways that they're using the product or not using the product to help us drive decisions around like. Do what are we putting our design efforts towards to improve user experience, that sort of thing. So is product analytics something that is even interesting to you? It sounds actually quite different from the set of experiences you're describing.
Nikhil Sharma: Yeah, I would say I'm absolutely interested in product analytics. Yeah, even I would say I have a lot of more so like technical experience rather than like pure product analysis. But I do think that my skill set would transfer very well to product analysis. Do you have an example of like a product that you guys have analyzed in the past or.
Becca Bressler: Well, so that was the experience or the example that I gave you around the first 10 minutes. So basically an example project that we recently did was our conversion rates are lower than we want them to be. So people trial jot psych, you can use it for 10 days and then choose to pay to keep using it or not. We obviously want to drive our conversion rates up. One of the projects that we recently did was around looking at trialing users and their first 10 minutes with the software. Like what are the first actions they take? Where do we see drop off in the product? Like even from even looking at an onboarding experience with the software. Right. Like where are there drop off points in the onboarding experience? Can we create user Personas, different types of users, based on the ways that they're using the product, when they first arrive, et cetera. So you know, with the explicit goal of increasing conversion. So if we can identify parts in the onboarding experience that are creating friction, we want to know about that. Or if there's like a page a lot of people are going to and it's where we want them to go, but they're not doing anything there like that's really revealing around that page. And if it's like designed in a way to drive a user towards the behavior we want to drive them towards. So that's like an example of a process of a project that we've recently done.
Nikhil Sharma: Yeah, no, I get you. That's. Yeah, I mean that's, that's, that's very interesting seeing how, seeing how people seeing how they use a project product, seeing I, I guess you could get like retention statistics, seeing if they like come back to the product, seeing where they like what parts of it specifically that they enjoy using, what parts of it were like, were more or less intuitive for the user. Yeah, I do think that. That's all, that's all like data, right? That's all information that a data analyst could take in and say if we do X, we get Y.
Becca Bressler: Yeah, yeah.
Nikhil Sharma: So I, I, I haven't done product analysis like directly but I do think that that is something that I'm interested in.
Becca Bressler: That's something that interests you?
Nikhil Sharma: Yeah. And something that I could, I could definitely contribute to the team.
Becca Bressler: Do you, so I know we're at time, but I do want to give you a couple minutes if you have any questions to ask. I have to run at 11:30, but otherwise do you have any questions that I can answer?
Nikhil Sharma: Yeah, absolutely. So this data analysis internship role, it's for this summer, correct?
Becca Bressler: So yeah, we're like, we love bringing people on whenever they can come on. So like this could be a internship where you work with us during the school year but in a more limited capacity and then moving into the summer in a more full time capacity over the summer. So you know, based on the right like candidate we would try and be flexible around that. But ideally it's someone who could also devote some, some hours a week now, so before we get to the summer as well.
Nikhil Sharma: Okay, got it. Interesting. And is it, is it, is it fully remote or is, do you have like a Chicago office?
Becca Bressler: No, we don't have a Chicago office. So the main office right now is in dc. That's where the founders live. So it is fully remote. We would like to like probably there would be a point where we'd want to bring someone out to DC to like meet the team and work with the team for a few days. But yeah, otherwise is a, is a remote opportunity.
Nikhil Sharma: Okay, that's super cool. And you're in your company's like your primary product if I'm remembering correctly. It's the, the AI scribe, right?
Becca Bressler: Yeah. So, so that's how the product first came to market. It's now evolving. We're offering more billing services as well. So like the entire revenue cycle management part of the clinicians workflow. So, so it's not just scribing. We're, you know, we're actually about to launch E Prescription which is enabling clinicians to prescribe medication which gets us a lot closer to actually what people would just consider an ehr, an electronic health record system. We're covering a lot of bases right now and really hoping to move into billing.
Nikhil Sharma: Okay. I mean that's super cool. So you guys, you guys basically sit at like the intersection of patients and, and like medical corporations. Right? You guys, you guys like serve as like an intermediary between. Between.
Becca Bressler: So, so no, we don't actually, we don't have. We're a tool that clinicians use during their sessions with patients and also, you know, before and after. So behavioral health clinicians, doctors are required by law to write, document their care, retain those documents for seven years, but then they're also obviously used to bill insurance, et cetera. So we're really a tool for the clinicians to use. There's not much patient facing. There's really no like patient facing part of our product other than, you know, clinicians can use our software to like send patients forms and send them reminders about upcoming appointments, et cetera. But we don't have like a full patient portal, for instance, where a patient can even communicate with a physician. So you know, long term that's probably something we would need to have in order to be a bigger player in the like EHR space. But currently we don't offer that.
Nikhil Sharma: Interesting, interesting. So you primarily work with like clinicians directly? I mean, that's super cool. My father basically does the same thing. He, he serves as like, like a, like a financial advisor for, for, for clinicians. So.
Becca Bressler: Cool.
Nikhil Sharma: Yeah, kind of in that same vein. That's super cool. I don't mean to take up any more of your time.
Becca Bressler: No, no, yeah, I. Yeah, no problem at all. I wanted to make sure I could address any questions you have. So. Yeah, I'll let you go. But thanks so much for the call. I'm doing a bunch of these, so you know, we'll be in touch as soon as we can about potential next. But really appreciate your time.
Nikhil Sharma: Of course, yeah. What's the timeline for next steps?
Becca Bressler: Yeah, I think probably like within the week or early next week you would hear back.
Nikhil Sharma: Okay, got it. Okay, cool. Yeah, thank you. Thank you for your time.
Becca Bressler: Thank you. Bye.
Nikhil Sharma: Yeah, bye.
Becca Bressler: Bye.