Adam Harrison: You?
Chelsea: I'm good. How are you?
Adam Harrison: I am good. Happy Friday.
Chelsea: Yeah. Yeah. Sorry about throwing this on your calendar at the last second. I didn't see your email until late last night.
Adam Harrison: Oh, not a problem at all. Yeah, no worries. Thanks for. Thanks for grabbing time. How has the week been for you?
Chelsea: It's been okay. I actually was traveling last week and I picked up a cold so I was kind of out earlier this week. But then that's okay because we Monday off anyway. Most people were out Monday, so not too bad.
Adam Harrison: I'm sorry. That's always the worst when you're traveling and then you get sick and like. Yeah.
Chelsea: Could be worse though.
Adam Harrison: Yes, certainly. Certainly could be worse. At least it was a short week. Where are you based out of again? Chelsea.
Chelsea: I live in San Diego.
Adam Harrison: Oh, that's amazing. So jealous.
Chelsea: How about you?
Adam Harrison: I'm in New York. I used to be in San Diego during like kind of COVID times and yeah, really, really awesome place to live. So I would like to go back at some point.
Chelsea: Yeah, I love it. I'm from Minnesota, so I'm. And I lived in Nashville like for the past six years. We actually just moved here last June, so I'm still relatively new to the area. But I love it. The weather is so nice.
Adam Harrison: Yeah. Yeah. It's tough to be. Pretty tough to be.
Chelsea: So.
Adam Harrison: Yeah. Well, cool. I won't try to take up too much of your time because I know, you know, you're probably ready to get to the weekend here. So. Yeah, I just wanted to find some time to kind of chat live and get to know you a bit better. I can answer like any initial questions you have and like talk a little bit about what the next steps look like in the process. But yeah, and I know the role, you know, as it's currently worded probably probably like prompted some questions for you as far as like how does this evolve or what's really the scope here. Right. So we can definitely like answer anything on your mind. But I guess before we get into that, I'd love to just like know a little bit more about you and maybe and then I can share a little bit about me as well and maybe we can kind of take it from there.
Chelsea: Okay. Yeah. So. So for me, like I, you know, I've been doing content for a while, but consistently really the. For the past two and a half years I've been really doing it and you know, I have been able to make it more of a full time job at this point. Really in the last like six months or so.
Chelsea: So, you know, it's something that I really love to do. And I started it off as like, a hobby because I would do, like, YouTube videos here and there. You know, I just do, like, random, like, video editing. I took, like, media classes in school. And so it's always been something I've wanted to do. It's just something I never actually dedicated my time to until two and a half years ago when I started to consistently post. But outside of that, I am a UX designer, so I think that has helped. Me a lot like my creative brain, my logical brain has helped me a lot in learning how to evolve with content because it's just always changing all the time. So. So yeah, so I do, I still do UX design. I'm contract though I don't have a full time gig. I was actually laid off a year ago from my full time con or for my full time UX job and from there I just was contracting here and there and like doing freelance and I've, I freelanced for the past six years or so on the side too. So it's, you know, something, it's not nothing new to me contracting and freelancing. So you know, when I was let go from my full time job I was like, okay, kind of want to focus on making content my full time job but you know, it takes some time. So I've been just doing like contract UX jobs here and there and I'm still doing that right now. But you know, my main goal is to make content my full time job.
Adam Harrison: Very cool, very cool. And as far as like make content your full time job, are you ideally looking to sort of like work in a contract capacity and sort of have your own business or are you looking more for like, you know, like a W2 kind of role like going forward?
Chelsea: You know, I'm not married to either. Right now I'm in a position where I would, you know, I'd love to do either of them just you know, I'm doing my own content journey as well for, for myself, my social accounts. So that takes up quite a bit of my time. But it's quite a bit of my free time I should say because the other, the other half of my time I'm doing UX work but you know, I'm open to either. And yeah, kind of like whatever works for me and then works for the company too. Cool, cool.
Adam Harrison: And when you say UX work, does that kind I guess take different shapes and forms? Like do you mind sharing a little more on what that has looked like for you or what you tend to enjoy doing there?
Chelsea: Yeah, yeah, sure, yeah. Because it's always different and so for the past seven or eight months or so I've been doing, I've been working with a client consistently on a contract basis and it's a pretty loose contract basis. It's not like I'm tied into anything. We don't have like a set end date, it's kind of just ongoing. But I do a lot of app design. That's like my favorite thing to do. I'm pretty quick at it, pretty good at it. So I love to do that. Inevitably, I end up doing a lot of web design, which I don't necessarily love. It just takes a lot more time and research. And, you know, I've done things in the past with UX design. That's where I'm like leading the entire project to, from, you know, development to, you know, launch and then after that as well. So it really takes on so many different shapes and forms based on what the client, where they're at. What product they're looking for, things like that. So it's now though I'm really trying to take on like just easier projects.
Chelsea: So like mostly just app designs because those don't take much time at all. Something I can do on a part time basis really.
Adam Harrison: Okay, cool. Well yeah, let me share a little bit more about. I'll kind of just introduce myself first I guess and then we can talk more about like job site and the role. But as far as my background, I started my career in management consulting and then moved to private equity afterwards. So was working with different portfolio companies in an advisory capacity and then ultimately wanted to move from an advisory role into a true operator role where I was actually like building something myself as opposed to just making recommendations. And so that prompted me to join JOT Psych just around this time last year. Uh, the founder was, Nate was someone I knew from my prior job. So we had like that shared connection and that was a big reason why I, you know, made the transition. And as far as my role at job site, you know, it's been pretty wide ranging. You know, we're a small company so I've kind of like had my hands in a lot of different things over time, you know, depending on what the current priorities are. One of those things, you know, has been sort of our market, you know, things on the marketing side of the world. Right. So we're currently redoing our website. We're working with a agency to do that. I'm sort of helping to direct that effort. We run a number of ads on Meta to help drive our top of funnel. So new trialers and things like that. So I've gotten kind of scrappy and done some things there to from a content standpoint to help kind of like nurture that. And what else? Yeah, like when we you know, did our fundraise, you know, coordinating the comms plan around that and all those things. So that's kind of one part of my role that's sort of relevant here. I also am doing a number of other things, you know, with kind of like other parts of the business. So we're trying to stand up a new, a new like product line and I'm taking a pretty like active role in that. So I think the TLDR is, you know, I am sort of looking, I'm like don't have enough time to really give this world all the attention that it deserves. And I'm also not like, you could probably tell by my background I am not a creative person who knows how to. I just have a very different skill set from you, let me put it that way. So a lot of our execution has been probably subpar as a result. So I am sort of looking for. For someone to, who's excited about just creating content to sort of tell the story of job site and different channels. And I am like happy to be a partner to whoever this person is and like help to relay feedback from. Hey, here's like how customers are responding to our latest product. Or these are a lot of the pain points that are resonating or these are the ads that are converting. Like, I am sort of planned to be more of like that, that, that. That would be the role that I would like to play. And then I would love to work with someone who is, you know, who really has a lot. Who really is excited about having a lot of, you know, freedom and autonomy to kind of shape and come back with like, what are the pieces of content that we're putting out in the world. So that is essentially like what, you know, we're sort of thinking this would start out as a contract basis. It could certainly be like an indefinite contract basis if that was like, what worked best. We're also open to after like a few months or whatever, sort of depending how things are going, having it evolve into like a, you know, a broader role like on the team. So, yeah, that's sort of the context. But any initial questions on that? And I can like talk a little bit more about next steps too.
Chelsea: Yeah. So do you have any kind of. Because you mentioned you did you. You're doing like meta ads, but do you have any content like what you're looking for right now? Is there anything that's been created yet or is this completely new?
Adam Harrison: Yeah, so I would say we are. We've had like, inconsistent sort of like production of things, I guess you could say.
Adam Harrison: So we had a bunch of ads that we did on meta, like earlier this year. Those have not really been refreshed and are sort of kind of starting to fatigue quite a bit. We also write other, like, written content. We did a bunch of blog posts for SEO and things like that. We did like our founder went on a number of podcasts and we sort of like distributed that in various places as well. But we just don't have someone who's really focused on that full time. And so as a result, it's very like inconsistent and sort of shattered, I think, in terms of our near term priorities because we are like spending money every day on meta. In particular, we're looking for someone to at least get us like a jump start to get us new, like both static and creative kind of like things that we can just be shipping on a weekly basis. But certainly I think this could expand to things like we want to have customer testimonial videos on the website or we want to do like a long form interview with Dart founder and talk about the vision and have that. So we probably want to get more into organic stuff over time and like different formats and things like that. But I would say in the near term the immediate thing we're trying to solve is like creative fatigue on meta and lack of sort of content to test. So. Yeah, I don't know if that answers your question.
Chelsea: Yeah, no, that totally, yeah. Because my UX brain goes right to AB testing and that's something I do in my content as well. So just kind of wanted to see like if you had the chance to do any of that. But you know, it sounds like it's just kind of relatively a new thing that you're working with. So. Yeah, no, no problem there. But I think that's, that's all that comes to mind right now though for questions.
Adam Harrison: Okay, perfect. Yeah, I mean we do certainly have some like winners for like concepts that have worked. So maybe actually let me, because I was going to send you this, if you have like five more minutes, I can just walk you through it live.
Chelsea: Yeah, yeah, I'm in a rush.
Adam Harrison: Okay, perfect. And then we can, we can kind of go from there. All right, so let me share my screen here. So I'll kind of walk through what the next steps would be and would love to have you like continue in the process. But basically it would be kind of like a paid, you know, take home assignment where you're like creating a few pieces of content. So what we would love is if, you know what we're basically asking for is like two things. One static ad, one sort of short form video. The video could be like any format. It doesn't have to be like your face. It could be a screen recording, it could be random clips you found on the Internet and overlaid some video or voice. We really encourage creativity. We don't have any constraints around what that is. So. Yeah, but basically it's something that we will plan to basically put into our meta ads account to like test. So the first deliverable will be sort of like a static asset visual, you know, again something that we could put into meta. And the second one will be like a short form video. You know, I think actually should just a typo. I said 15 to 45, but really even like, you know, 10 to 30 seconds is probably fine. Yeah. And yeah, like whatever tooling you want to use is fine. And then what I included here is just a lot of context on JSE because I feel like it's very hard to create content without knowing who it's for, what their pain points are, how we solve it, what the hooks are that have been successful in the past. Yeah. So yeah, a lot of that is included here. And then I also included a few of our prior ad concepts that have performed fairly well. Feel free to take or leave anything here. This is sort of just. To be kind of like, you know, a reference point. Because it's very hard to, I think, come up with things in a vacuum. At least. At least for me. And yeah, that's basically what the, what the kind of take home would be, which would be, you know, we're flexible on timeline. You know, if you can get it back to us. What we've been saying is like within a week, if you have it like ready in like two days, that's fine. You know, if you want to take 10 days, that's probably fine too. But that would be like the next step. And we would pay you $150 just to make. Because we will actually like, ship this ad, most likely. And so it feels sort of, you know, not like a high integrity thing to make you do a take home that we're gonna use in reality and test and not compensate you for it. So that's how we've been like framing the next steps here. And then after that we would have another conversation. We may do a few, like, rounds of revisions or iterations. And then, you know, we can talk about like a longer term arrangement, like, should it be a mutual fit.
Chelsea: Okay, yeah, that, that sounds reasonable.
Adam Harrison: Okay, perfect. I guess maybe I can take two minutes and talk a little bit about job psych just in like, in case some of this is helpful context. Yeah, sure. So, Jotsy, we are focused purely on behavioral health, right? So what does that include? That includes mostly folks on the medical side of behavioral health. So think psychiatry and psychiatric nurse practitioners. So these are people who are prescribing medication, you know, people who are like. And we also have therapists, psychologists, what we call like non prescribers. But that is like a much smaller part of our user base and like a little bit outside of our like, really, really perfect icp. And what does job psych do? We have like, the core of what we offer, and this is really what I would probably mostly stick to for this particular assignment, is we help clinicians save time on documentation with our air scribe. So there's a big issue of burnout in the industry. People spending late nights, like on their notes, so writing things up, they can pile up. And then, you know, you have like a huge backlog of things. And so that is like probably the most acute pain point that we see. There's also some other things of like, you know, you can be more present during your session because you're not worrying about like, jotting every last detail down. You get paid faster because you can't submit to insurance until you have your note done so you get paid sooner. There's a lot of anxiety as well around insurance and being audited. You can get audited, and then if your notes aren't in order. They can claw back things, and this can extend back actually, like, five years. They can do an audit. So. So I think there is a lot of very real anxiety around that, and people are not usually very buttoned up about their notes. Yeah. So, yeah, those are probably the primary things I would stick to. Okay. Are moving more into the billing world. So making sure that your note supports the claim that you're billing to insurance, because you can submit different kinds of claims depending on what kind of care you provide. So that is something we'll probably test as well. But for the purpose of, like, just starting with the basics, starting with the core, I would really stick to, like, that core value prop of saving you time on notes, reducing burnout, getting your evenings back, getting your life back. That is. Tends to be like, what is most resonant, you know, at least from our. When we do, like, meta ads, at least.
Chelsea: Sure. Okay. That makes sense. Yeah, that's super helpful.
Adam Harrison: Okay, awesome. Well, great. I can definitely, as the next step, I can send you an email that kind of just recaps all this. Okay. And then feel free to, like, if you remember a question that you forgot to ask or something, spark in this memo, like, sparks a question, feel free to, like, shoot me an email. I'm happy to be, you know, as super responsive to anything you need. And then. Yeah. And then whenever you have something, we can kind of, like, go back and forth over email from there and then. Yeah, that would be like, the next phase here.
Chelsea: Awesome. Yeah, that sounds good.
Adam Harrison: Awesome. And yeah. All right, well, if not, in that case, I will let you go. And thanks for staying a few extra minutes. And, yeah, looking forward to working together on this.
Chelsea: Yeah, it was no problem. And yeah, it was great to meet you. I'm excited to get this going and do a demo project.
Adam Harrison: Yeah. Yeah. Awesome. All right, Chelsea, well, thanks so much and we'll talk soon.
Chelsea: All right, have a good weekend.
Adam Harrison: All right, take care.
Chelsea: Bye.