Nathan Peereboom: Hey, nice to meet you.
Terri Alm: Nice to meet you too.
Nathan Peereboom: Hey, my name is Nate. I'm the CEO and co founder of Jot Psych. I think you've probably talked to one of our team members before. Who'd you get to? Who did you get to chat with?
Terri Alm: I can't remember. I've talked to a couple people before.
Nathan Peereboom: All right, that is totally good. Well, I've been looking forward to this conversation all day. We are rolling out our new billing offering and we're just incredibly excited about it. Before we kind of jump into that, I'd love to understand just your world. Can you just like tell me about like who you are, what your practice is, what's important to you, what kind of patients you see, all that jazz.
Terri Alm: I think I. I don't. I think I probably have a little bit of a unique situation. So my primary role is I. I'm a psych NP by training, but my primary role, I've worked in pharma for many years and I work as a. On the medical affair sizes as an MSL and I'm not sure if you're familiar with that at all, but we're like not sales. We're the, you know, experts on our, on our drugs. So I've done that for a lot of years for several different companies and I've kind of always moonlighted, I guess. My. I have a private practice, a small private practice that's kind of like my side gig. So it's not my full full time job. But I'm as I'm getting older and I'm kind of sick of being in pharma. I'm considering transitioning to full time practice for a couple years and then maybe go back to part time. So I don't, you know, have like this giant huge practice. But I also like have like everybody like I have no time. I'm always behind on my charting, Always behind in my charting. I work at two different therapy driven clinics which is also I think a challenge because we. They use two different EMRs. One uses therapy notes, the other one uses simple practice. Therapy notes in particular is not really super set up for, you know, a psyc NP documentation. It's very therapy driven. Simple practice is a little bit better. I think both of them have like templates and stuff that I can make. But. And so each of those places has their own billing system. My work is a 1099 for them and, and they each have. One has an in house biller and the other one has I guess an external biller. I don't even really know. And I think that's my challenge is, like, while it's not my primary source of income, I really don't. They could be bleeding me dry for all I know. Like, I don't think they are. But, like, I don't see what I'm getting. Like, I don't see any of my billing, really. I don't understand the timing of it. I don't understand. I can't say I don't understand. I don't see any of it. And I've really been thinking about transitioning to doing my own. Just having my own charting and my own billing and then, you know, dumping whatever kind of. You know, charting into their files. So I'm not necessarily, you know, integrated into their system. Which is why I'm kind of interested in hearing what you guys have to offer. Because I use job site right now for my documentation. Although I, I know I could be better, I could have better utilization of it if I put in a little effort on the front end, I think. But anyway, yeah, so that's where I am. So I work from home. I do a lot of virtual. I do some in the office, like occasionally, but I'm probably only working probably like six, maybe six hours a week, maybe eight on seeing patients. The rest is other stuff.
Nathan Peereboom: Gotcha.
Terri Alm: Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: When you think about what prevents you from going out on your own, like, what is that? Like, why don't you just like control your own destiny and run?
Terri Alm: Well, part of it is like the job I have now is as far as like not the non practicing job, the pharma job is like, they pay us a lot of money. I have a totally flexible schedule. I've been control of that. I travel, which, you know, sometimes is great, sometimes isn't. I get to meet a lot of really interesting, you know, people in the field of psychiatry and, you know, kind of stuff, stay up to date with the science. So like it's a great gig for the most part, but it's, I've done it for a long time and it's just kind of getting a little, I don't know, boring I would say. I don't know. And as far as like my own, like practice goes, I don't really have a lot of concerns about doing that except like the uptake, like it would, it would take some time for me to, you know, build the practice. I kind of dip my toe into it. The last time I got laid off from this pharma job about two and a half years ago, I got laid off and I decided, you know what, I'm. Maybe I'm just like done with this. And so I started picking up patients. But then somebody just kind of handed me the job I have now. So it's hard to say no, honestly, like financially it's just really hard to say no to the money. But the challenge that I had when I started picking up patients was I was like very spoiled previously where I wasn't taking patients off the street. They're all referred to me internally by the therapist. And that is a beautiful way to practice, especially not being in the office that much. Somebody else is laying eyes on my patients, they can update me. When I started thinking about building the practice, it was more of just taking people who weren't in therapy. And I did that for a little bit, and it just was a lot more work on the front end. You know, all the forms, all. Yeah, just, like, not knowing anything about them, that it's a little scarier to me. I mean, I know this is how most people do it, so, like, it probably has to be done, but I think just for several years, I was a little bit spoiled. Spoiled because they were straight referrals. And also, like, the two clinics I'm at, I will say, are like very high resource areas. You know, these are people who are insurance. I'm not taking any Medicaid or Medicare. Like, highly insured patients who are in therapy, so they're engaged in care, want to get better, you know, so that's also. I've had it kind of easy in that regard. I understand, like, if I needed to go full time, I would probably have to accept more insurance and a lot for people who weren't in therapy that I would be kind of their. Their point person and not having like a. I'd have to get an admin probably because I don't have one right now.
Nathan Peereboom: So what would get better for you? Because, I mean, it's interesting. You started out by saying, like, I don't see the billing that happens. But then you're. You're also saying that you're really happy with the amount of money you're making. Like, what gets better for Terry? Going independent, maybe.
Terri Alm: I'm. Yeah, I mean, I think like, probably just having, you know, not having so many jobs. Like, I probably work way too much right now. I mean, I have a full time.
Nathan Peereboom: Oh, I see.
Terri Alm: Right. So, like, yeah, I have three places that I work and that, you know, I think just. And I think, like, I'm 54. I'm like, I want to like, retire pretty soon. And so part of me says, like, if I stay two more years at my pharma job, invested, and then I can go out on my own and I don't really have to worry about the finances as much and I can just kind of slowly grow a practice. But I think if I did it sooner, I would have to really. It's hard to have you just start your own practice because it takes a while to grow. And you know, there's also like insurance and all that kind of stuff. So that's like, those are the challenges that I have. But listen, I'm not like saying, oh, I'm going to be dirt poor, but it's just. It would certainly be like a change if I. If I slowly grew and didn't have kind of any other income.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, yeah, that makes. That makes a ton of sense. So are you, Terry, are you like in the market for a full ehr. Because it sounds like you're wanting to build a prep.
Terri Alm: Maybe. I don't know. I mean, it's just the challenge I have right now, even with jot psych, is like, I know that I could get better utilization out of it if I spent a little more time with it, you know, and kind of, I mean, I have the templates that I. That I have made, but I know that, like, if I within the notes, say, the first and second time I saw a patient, if I kind of tweaked those a little bit better than the next note would be better, you know, And I just don't have the time right now. I just want to. I don't have no time. That's, like the. The biggest challenge. So sometimes I think getting a total ehr would be like a new record. Just myself would be ideal. But then the idea of taking the time to do that is a little bit overwhelming. So I just kind of have all this, like, piecemeal right now, because I. Just don't have the time to put it all together. Does if that makes sense. I don't know.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. Yeah, it totally does. Well, you know, I want to be helpful to you, and I. I can. Let me give you some options for, like, how we can spend this time and maybe where we can go from here. So Jods like, is launching in about a week and a half, our full EHR products. It's going to have, like, E prescription on it and, you know, be able to really handle, you know, not just notes, but also your calendar, your lab orders, your billing, and, of course, you know, e prescription, which. Which is important. So, you know, there's some route where this conversation turns into, hey, how do we set you up to experience that early? There's another route where you decide, hey, I want to, you know, stick with the ehrs I use, but I want to bill by myself.
Terri Alm: Mm.
Nathan Peereboom: In which case, you know, I'm happy to walk you through exactly how we do that, why we do it, and why we think we're the best at it or we can do, you know, we can talk about something else. But, you know, I always say this to. To people, like, we never try and convince someone to go in a direction they don't want to go. So, you know, you tell me, like, how can I. How can I serve you here and, you know, make this feel like. Like full possibility?
Terri Alm: I mean, I think I'd be interested in. It's a hard question. I mean, I think I'd be interested in just, like, learning about what the whole thing is and what that would look like. And then I think probably. I'd probably go back to my. You know, at least to the. One of the places that I go and say, like, how difficult would this be for me to pull out from what they have and do this instead? Because that's the challenge I'm kind of intertwined. Right. With. With these other EMRs.
Terri Alm: I can tell you this. Probably the biggest challenge I have right now, and it is probably the first question I have, is, like, who are you using for your E prescribed platform? Because therapy notes just changed. And then simple practice has used, like, it's called Dr. First or something like that. And they have. It's terrible.
Nathan Peereboom: I hate it. Yeah. Yeah. So we don't use doctor First.
Terri Alm: We use Dose Spot, what therapy notes used to use, I think. And that's what I liked better.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. So we. We. We like Dose Spot. We're really excited about them, but that is the vendor that, you know, that we. That we use.
Terri Alm: Okay.
Terri Alm: Well, I guess I would just be interested in hearing more about, like, your overall EMR and what that looks like.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. So, Terry, our EHR is designed, it's a billing centric ehr. So our theory, and you can tell us if we're right or wrong here, but our theory is that people use the ehr. In an ideal world, it would be something that simply allowed you to get paid and to focus. On your clinical work. So you know, it's a wraparound solution. You, you know, patient comes in, you do an eligibility check. We do that for you. So we do the eligibility check. It's 90 cents a check. You see the patient with jot psych from the, from the recording. You know, as you know, you get the note itself, but you also get any arbitrary document. Lab orders, patient communications, all that jazz. The, your calendar is auto scheduling. So if you mention an appointment during a visit, it goes directly in your calendar. And then when you sign a note, we take over the billing for you. So we will audit the note based on the payer documents that you've uploaded and our own payer documents. We'll submit the claim and then we'll auto appeal any denials you have and then we'll do like the financial reporting for you as well. Now for E Prescription, if you've used Dospot before, it works exactly as you imagine. You, you know, it's a two way door. So you go to do spot, you know, from JOT Psych, you fill out, you know, the, the information and then all of it sinks back into job site. So JOT Psych information syncs to do spot and do spot syncs to job site. So that's, I mean it's, it's not designed to be complicated. It's designed to maximize your revenue and just allow you to focus on your, your clinical work. Now if you're, if you're getting started with JOT Psych, you're still trying to make the, you know, make the most out of it. The best, the best thing that we could do is just like an orientation session, which I think is really worthwhile. You know, we could do it something like maybe the 11th of February, like right after the E prescription product has come out. And that way we can walk you through, you know, the whole kitten caboodle. But one thing to know is that, you know, we, we tend to be very white glove. We're a small company, we work with a little over 2,000 clinicians, but we do a lot of handholding along the way. So where in the country are you, by the way?
Terri Alm: I'm in Madison, Wisconsin.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, cool. So a lot of times, you know, if someone's coming into our billing product, we'll actually go and visit them. We'll like, you know, jump on a plane, you know, come out and spend, you know, a little bit of time just helping you get set up. Because we want you to know us, we want to know you. If you had historical billing data. We would do, like, a full, like. Like a little analysis on, like, what was going well and what wasn't. I don't know if you have access to that in your own ehr, but we'd actually be happy to do that. That's one of the services we provide where, you know, we'll go, we'll download all of your appointments and bills for the last, like, year, and we'll analyze them using, you know, using our system, and we'll say, hey, this is the money you're leaving on the table. Here's how we could help you. And then, you know, a lot of times people find that really useful. So there's a bunch of different directions we could go. But my biggest suggestion, if you're interested in an ehr, not just a business. Billing service would be that we probably do a sort of kickoff call on, like, the 11th so you could see everything.
Terri Alm: Okay, I had just another question that whoever I talked to last time mentioned, because this is the other challenge I have is like, I'm the only prescriber at both of these practices. And, yeah, I. You know, I think. I know I probably write too much in my notes sometimes, but I feel like I'm. Like I'm covering everything I'm supposed to. But, you know, and I've. Anytime I've been, you know, had my charts audited, I've never had any denials or pushback or anything like that. But I think, like, whoever. I can't remember who I talked to, but he kind of described to me that there's, you know, basically the way it's set up is like, to make sure that your documentation is matching your coding. Is that correct? I don't know if I'm saying that right, if in a way that that makes sense, but like, to sort of make sure, like, yeah, when I do a chart and I'm making this code that the things that I have in the chart match up to what I've coded, does that make sense? Is that like 100%?
Nathan Peereboom: So we think about a bunch of levels of coherence. So you want to make sure that the note is coherent with the claim. Right. Like, the note reflects the claim. The claim reflects the note. You want to make sure that the era. So what the. What the insurance company says it's paying you is the same thing that they promise you in their contract.
Nathan Peereboom: And then you want to make sure that you actually receive that money in your bank account after they tell you they're going to pay it to you.
Terri Alm: Yeah, there's.
Nathan Peereboom: There's like, a fourth level of coherence, which is I want to make sure that my contract is up to date with all the other contracts around the country. But our system checks all four of those things. So we will, you know, as I said, we, as part of our intake, we take all your credentialing information, your insurance contracts, and we load them into our system. We then use those documents with AI to create a bunch of binary rules. So every CPT code has a bunch of binary rules. And then we grade every note based on those binary rules. And that helps us write the perfect note, submit the perfect claim, make sure we're not missing anything, and, you know, are just, like, really, really tight around the edges, and then also have all the information to.
Terri Alm: To do that other.
Nathan Peereboom: The other side of the verification that I was talking about as well. So that's, that's like the, you know, the, the system that we have because it's really hard to do without it.
Terri Alm: Yeah. Yeah, that makes sense. I'm super curious what you guys will charge for like a whole ehr.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, so the EHR pricing is still kind of getting solidified, but you should think about the base price being what it is now, and then there being some add ons for things. Like for eprescription, for example, we have to pay the clearinghouse for that. You know, for eligibility checks, we have to pay, you know, the vendor that helps us with that. So, you know, the current pricing is for billing, we charge anywhere between 4 and 8%. If you. If you bill with us for eligibility checks, it's 90 cents a check. And then the total, like, if you're doing E prescription and every EHR feature under the sun, it'll probably be close to, like, $250 per month. So. So that. But that's, like, all. All in.
Terri Alm: Yeah. Yeah. I mean, I don't. I. I don't know what they pay at each of the clinics. I. I think it's. I don't know. It doesn't matter. It doesn't matter. Like I said, I'm not, like, part. The challenge right now is just, like, it's. It's so not streamlined. I have two different EHRs. I have, like. You know what I'm saying? It's just, like, a lot of things. I sometimes just feel like it would be easier if I just did everything myself, and I also, like, probably had more control over it. Again, do I think, like, anybody who's, like, stealing money from me. No, But I also. It's really. It's not. I don't have an easy way to, like, see what's happening at all. So I just, like, get my, you know, W2 at the end of the year. I'm like, oh, look, you know, so, yeah, I feel like it might be nice to do that. And also, again, as I potentially grow, that probably would be a good idea. So I just like to know what I'm. What the options are, I guess.
Nathan Peereboom: Yes. Yeah. That makes a ton of sense. Okay, cool. Well, I mean, I. I'm really excited for. For, you know, what you're doing here, Terry. I think that there's just, like, a huge amount of opportunity.
Terri Alm: Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: I mean, let's do this. Let's. I'm gonna open up my calendar. Let's get some time with you and our E Prescription team.
Terri Alm: Okay.
Nathan Peereboom: And I think that. I mean, if E Prescription is gonna work for you, the whole suite is gonna work for you.
Terri Alm: Right.
Nathan Peereboom: Right.
Terri Alm: I don't know why, you know? Yeah, yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: And you're already in the tool, so you can, like, play around with all the bells and whistles. But I. I hear what you're saying, too, where you're like, hey, I don't have time. It's not really set up for me yet. I haven't, like, dialed in my templates. Like, all of that is something that we can wrap into that process.
Terri Alm: Okay. Okay. Yeah, I think it'd be good for me to learn more.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, cool. So I think what we should do is, like, let's say on the. How about we try and kick off with you at least having the ability to do e prescriptions in jot psych on the 11th. Now, that doesn't mean you have to switch anything else. It just means that you're going to be able to see it and use it should you choose. And then why don't we do a on the 13th, we meet and we talk about billing and. After those two meetings, you're going to have the entire picture of what's in this product.
Terri Alm: Okay.
Nathan Peereboom: And then you can choose whether or not you want to move forward. But I think that you're going to need both pieces. As. As I'm hearing it now, if you had told me just, you know, Terry, if you had been like, hey, I already have my ehr, I just need someone to help with billing, then I'd be like, oh, great, we can do billing today.
Terri Alm: Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: But without. Without you having an EHR like that, you're not going to be able to take the billing from your current employers. And my understanding, unless you actually, like, have your own ehr.
Nathan Peereboom: Right, right, right. Okay. How it does.
Terri Alm: It's all been, like, very piecemeal, you know, like how this kind of has happened and like, as. Because all these clinics have been like, very small and then have grown and then have added this and done this. So it's like, that's like how it feels to me. And it would be much easier if it was just like one streamlined thing, but I have to go to like 12 different places. He also does your just side note, EHR, the E prescribe, does it have like, automatic access to prescription monitoring program?
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, pdmp. Yeah, that's built in.
Terri Alm: Good, Great.
Terri Alm: Makes easier too.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, totally. Okay, perfect. So how does 1pm Eastern 12 Central sound for the 11th?
Terri Alm: Let's hold on. 12? Yeah, I'm traveling, but I have an early flight, so I can. I'll be home by then.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, okay, great. Awesome. Let me add this to your calendar. And it's going to be with. With Becca and Marcus. They're the ones who are building our E Prescription system. They're just wrapping it up. We have all of our DEA paperwork that's just like, just, you know, the ink is done.
Terri Alm: Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: And it's exciting to have that out the door. So you're going to be one of the first customers on our E Prescription software. So I'm going to send this over to you, and then for Friday, let's. Let's talk billing on Friday.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, so how does. How does like 9. 9am like, let's. 9am My time. No, that's too early for you. How about 10:00am My time, 9:00am Yours?
Terri Alm: Yes, that works. All right, 9:00am my time. Nine, right? You said nine.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, nine your time, 10 mine. Okay, perfect. So I'm going to send these two meetings over, and each of them, the way that I'm thinking about it, Terry, is we're going to like, get you fully set up. And you know, that means that you should be able to start using these products from those meetings, okay?
Terri Alm: Okay.
Nathan Peereboom: And then if you choose to move your patient data over, we can help you with that if you wanted to. Oh yeah, I guess that's a question. That would be a nice, nice first step. Would you like to have your patient data ported over?
Terri Alm: You know, this is where I'm like, I, I have to kind of get over some of my fears. It's like right now, the way I use job cyclic, I try not to put really. I don't use names. I like a patient has a number but I use like a first two letters of their name and I don't like to, you know.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah.
Terri Alm: Because it's recorded and whatnot. But I, I mean this is just the way it is these days. So I'm like, I got to get over that. I mean, I think again I'd probably have to work with the two clinics that I have and just like see what that looks like. You know, I just. Because I'm a 1099 there and like, I don't know, I don't know what that means. Like from HIPAA and their thoughts on that, like their concerns. I probably have to take that. All of this I'd have to take to them and just see like what that, what that means for my relationship with them and what that's going to look like, I think. But I mean, if it's doable, then yeah, I would. It's just, I don't know what they're gonna think about that necessarily because it's weird. It's like I'm a 1099, so I'm not really an employee, but I use their stuff.
Terri Alm: Yeah, it's like a gray area, I guess.
Nathan Peereboom: Do you. Here's another question.
Nathan Peereboom: Do other people at these practices use jot psych? Because one, one like no. No. Do you think they would be interested? Like, is it the kind of thing where, hey, if we gave everyone in the practice some like access to jot psych, we would, you know, that would be something that was helpful, exciting, you know, kind of open the door to that conversation for everyone.
Terri Alm: I mean, I think I can ask. I think recently they've both, like I said, they're therapy driven clinic. So it's like very therapy based. And I think like right now they're. I'll ask them because I think they should at least have the option to and see what they say.
Terri Alm: I think from a cost standpoint, like I know the one place, it's like my best friend is the owner of the clinic and she will never spend money on anything. So like she's going to go with what's the least expensive. That's why they use therapy notes. It's like, cheap and she still bitches about it. The other place where they use a simple practice, they've started using their, like, whatever their AI note taker is there. I think they're a little more open, like, forward thinking about that stuff. So, like, they might perhaps be interested again. These are like, you know, independent therapy clinics are not big, you know, chain ones. They're owned, both owned by therapists who. I don't know what their business sense is. Maybe it's good, maybe it's not. I don't. I don't know. But I certainly can present it to them as well. Like, hey, you should at least maybe learn or hear about it, you know?
Nathan Peereboom: Totally. I mean, it's your call. There's no pressure. But you know, sometimes if, I mean, you're kind of in a weird spot, Terry, because you're like, trying to like, kind of transition, but you also, like, need permission. So I.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, I think that that's something where only you can like, really know what's best for you.
Terri Alm: Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: The thing that I would just say is we got a ton of therapists who use jobs like, you know, we're behavioral health specific, and that means that we, we include therapists in, in everything that we design for. So if it's helpful to do like a pilot for them, if they want to taste and they want to see how it works, if they're interested in getting some, you know, tighter reviews on their billing, whatever it is, you know, we're always happy to have that conversation.
Nathan Peereboom: But here's what I would say to you.
Nathan Peereboom: If you're trying to. Even if you're. All you're trying to do is write the best documentation, you really should have your patient's data in job psych, because the way that the engine works is it's pulling from private or from. From previous data, some previous encounters, and that's informing the next note, which you know. But you know, you. You can't really do anything with billing or e prescription without patient data. Right. So.
Nathan Peereboom: So without the patient data, there's not really anywhere to go.
Terri Alm: Right.
Nathan Peereboom: So, yeah, the more I think about it, I'm like, oh, this is kind of like a priori. Like you, you know, if you wanted to do the. Even if you wanted to experiment, you need to feel like the permission to say, hey, I. I own my own destiny here and I come hell or high water, like, I'm actually going to like, make this transition.
Terri Alm: Yeah. And I think the, the trick is that, that if the trans. If I do the transition, it's whether or not they will cooperatively, like, let me dump their data or if I'm going to have to just kind of go in there and enter it all manually kind of thing. I think that's right, really the thing. And I don't know why they wouldn't, you know, I don't know why they would really care because they don't. They wouldn't have to pay for whatever they're paying for me for this documentation access. You know, I don't know where it would like and probably would actually save them money in the long run because. But I just don't know what it looks like as to, you know, from, like, a collaborative sense. You know, see the therapist note, they can see my note. That's really, really great. And if. Then I don't have access, like, if I can't do that anymore, you know, they may say, like, if you're gonna go out on your own and do that, then, like, we're. That's it. It's just separate, and we'll just refer you patients. I don't know. Like, I don't know what that's all gonna look like, because that's the other piece. Like, they do the billing and they take 30%, right? Because they're referring the patients to me. So that's, like, been the deal is, you know, they take 30%. So 30, 70 split. And that's, like, pretty.
Nathan Peereboom: That's high.
Terri Alm: Wow, That's a lot. So, I mean, from like a psych np, if you're working in a office, a lot of times it's hourly. Right. Or it's. That's like, kind of the. What I hear that sort of typical split. But the point is, is, like, that's. If I'm working somewhere and I'm getting all the. Ben. I mean, they are doing my billing, so I guess I can't say that. And they're sending me the patients, but, like, I don't have an office. I don't have an admin. I. I don't have, like, they. They, like, compared to the therapist, an hourly rate. They're making. They're making bank on me, you know, because they don't have to do anything for me except sending, you know. So I think that's the other piece, too, of it is like, you know, if I don't. If you guys are just going to refer people to me, then, you know, great, and I'll do my own stuff, and then I don't have to. We don't have to do this split kind of thing.
Terri Alm: Yeah, but they may say, we're not going to send people to you then. And then like, okay, that's fine. But, like, I don't know where they're going to send them. So it just becomes like, there's, like, other layers to this. But I think for me, the thing is to, like, get a full understanding of what it looks like before I make any decisions.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, cool. All right. Yeah, that makes complete sense. So, going to meet with you, as I mentioned, on the 11th and on the 13th, you'll have more information then. And then I think, you know, you probably have a conversation with your clinic owners, and we. We, you know, we can do whatever you find best from there.
Terri Alm: Okay, Sounds like a plan.
Nathan Peereboom: Awesome. Thank you so much, Terry.
Nathan Peereboom: It's wonderful to meet you and really hope this works for all of us.
Terri Alm: Okay, thank you. Yeah, Thanks a lot. Have a great weekend.
Nathan Peereboom: All right, you too. Take care. Bye.
Terri Alm: Bye.