Jack Waugh: Me, let's look at what that is, because I want to make sure that doesn't happen for you. Again, were you using. Were you using the app or were you using it just normally on the computer?
Ebony Cameron: I was using the app. I was actually on my phone. And now that I'm going to the patient's name now, because I was actually getting ready, it does not. Because I usually when it records, it'll say today, one week ago, or whatever. So on that particular patient's name, I don't see where it says today. So I don't know. It might have been a button that I didn't hit that maybe I thought was hit. But like I said, I've done other intakes today, and it worked fine.
Ebony Cameron: It was just on that particular patient.
Jack Waugh: Gotcha. So that's really good to know. What I'll say is this. I'm going to share my screen here really quickly. I know it might be a little different on the app, but I know when you do the record window here, you. After you hit stop recording, you do typically have to hit generate note here as well.
Ebony Cameron: Okay.
Jack Waugh: And the app, you can. You can tell me if you find differently, and I'll. I'll jot down what you're saying, but that it typically. There's a button after that. I'm less familiar on the app end. And you can tell me if you find it's just stop record, because that would be something. Oh, sorry.
Ebony Cameron: Yes, you're right. It'll say stop record on the app and then it'll say end session or something like that. I think it says end. Yeah.
Jack Waugh: Well, tell you what, let me take a look. I'm gonna log into my. My account as well, and let's see if we can figure out what you encountered there. And when you're doing all of your patient sessions, are you pretty much exclusively using the phone app and then going to log back in later?
Ebony Cameron: Yes.
Jack Waugh: Okay, gotcha. Good to know. Give me one second here. Okay, so I'm gonna. Okay. All right. Gonna do a. Okay. So I'm gonna let this go for a few seconds and just see what happens if I. You know, it's possible. I know. Also, there's a pause button rather than the stop recording button. So I was just also wondering if maybe that could have been pressed instead. Dead by accident.
Ebony Cameron: Yeah, possibly. Oh, I see.
Jack Waugh: And then. Oh, and then something else I'll flag for you. Do you see this here? Okay. Sorry. My background.
Jack Waugh: Yes, There's a submit button down there, too.
Ebony Cameron: Yes.
Jack Waugh: Okay, so I'll check that while we're talking today and make sure that that goes through and if there's, there shouldn't be an issue there, but if there is, I'll let you know. But anyway, otherwise has how have you been finding everything? I know maybe it looks like you're making a few notes, but was there anything blocking you from making more notes with it or using it using it more?
Ebony Cameron: So no, not necessarily. Because with like I said, with my inpatients job site is more beneficial to me for new, brand new patients. Not necessarily follow ups because with the follow up patients they're already established and a lot of their information is already inside of the EHR that I'm already using. So for job site for me it's just better for just the follow ups. Now I do outpatient as well. I have not had a chance to do. I actually have one patient today at 6:30.
Jack Waugh: Gotcha.
Ebony Cameron: And so I'll see how it does with outpatient because a lot of times with that I can just talk to the patient. I'm not walking around with a lot of stuff in my hand. So I'm actually at my desk talking to the patient like I'm talking to you.
Ebony Cameron: And so I just want to see how that will transcribe into jot site while I'm talking to my patient sitting down. So this will be my first outpatient since I've started.
Jack Waugh: Okay, gotcha. And just out of curiosity, I want to make sure I get because this is all helpful feedback as well, you said. So you are not finding you need to use it for notes with follow ups as much.
Ebony Cameron: Is that right? Yeah, not right now because the patients are already established. I've seen them a long time ago. So a lot of their information is already in my ehr. Now for the new patients that I'm seeing using jocksite when I do their follow ups.
Jack Waugh: Right.
Ebony Cameron: I guess I can see how that works. I don't know if that makes sense.
Jack Waugh: It does. My only question there is for those patients you do a follow up visit with, do you still like, I don't know, do you have something else that in your EHR that's creating the note for you already or is it, Are you still creating it from scratch?
Ebony Cameron: Yeah, I'm still creating it from scratch. I guess I could use it in that sense. Just. But I don't know, it's just easier for. I think it's just easier just to tweak a few things because a lot of times nothing has changed with the follow ups, believe it or not. I don't know, I just had. I just felt like the followers wouldn't be as beneficial. I guess I can try, but it's just already know the patient already pretty much know. It's just quick and Gotcha.
Jack Waugh: Gotcha.
Ebony Cameron: Yeah.
Jack Waugh: Okay, that's. That's helpful to know. I'll definitely jot that down. Yeah, you're always welcome to try it just in case you find like I. Oh wow. This is actually saving me more time than I realized. The nice thing is too, with the custom templates, you can also set up that follow up template to look exactly how you'd want it to look. So if you. I think I already showed you this the last time, but if you go through and do all the custom sections in there, you can get it to output. I don't know if you want to try it. You can let me know if you find that still ends up saving you a little bit more time. I'd be, I'd be curious to hear. I think it might, but.
Ebony Cameron: Okay.
Jack Waugh: But anyway, I appreciate all the feedback. And then for outpatient, you're still kind of testing things and checking, checking out there.
Ebony Cameron: Yeah. So I, I have my own practice and it's actually just starting. It's actually ramping up. I'm glad. I had a few patients cancel on me last week which just kind of disappointed like, okay, I just need them to stick with me. But, but I have one today at 6:30, so today is going to actually be my first. And on last week I was able to customize the template to the chart for my outpatient.
Ebony Cameron: So we'll see what happens today. But I would like to just talk to my patient without looking down into my computer, without typing and just giving them my attention. And while that's just recording what we're discussing and then I can just transcribe it over to the ehr.
Jack Waugh: Awesome.
Jack Waugh: And that, that makes a lot of sense. Yeah, I'm definitely, definitely glad that you know, we have a tool now that can help you do some of that and at least be more present with your patients.
Ebony Cameron: So cool.
Jack Waugh: Well, any other things you were finding while using it or did everything else pretty much make sense?
Ebony Cameron: Let me see. I think it pretty much made sense.
Jack Waugh: Cool.
Ebony Cameron: Let's see. Yeah, I think so. Yeah. It has everything in here that I need. Like I said, it's just initially just customizing it to mirror what my EHR looks like. But other than that I think that everything else is more. It's, it's good, it's. I think it's good to go.
Jack Waugh: Awesome. Well, that's really helpful to know and then I'll mention something. So we just started doing. I'm only saying this because I know you just mentioned you started your own practice, so you can tell me if this is relevant to you at all.
Jack Waugh: We actually just started doing something called jot bill, so I don't know, are you in start in charge of like billing with your own clinic?
Ebony Cameron: No.
Jack Waugh: Gotcha.
Ebony Cameron: I don't want to be. Yeah, yeah.
Jack Waugh: Are you using, like, a third party kind of bill or, like, headway or grow?
Ebony Cameron: Yes. You got it.
Jack Waugh: How have you been finding everything with them so far?
Ebony Cameron: Fine. It's been. It's been going. It's fine. I'm able to navigate the system, and it's good. I just need to ramp up my patience, so that's what I'm. I'm in the process of doing now. Yep. Do you have clinicians with grow and headway as well?
Jack Waugh: Yeah, well, actually, so what we're doing now is something called Jotbill. And the cool thing about JOT bill is we do what they do, but we do another thing I think even better. So we run an eligibility check right. On new patients. And then because we're an AI trained scribe for behavioral health clinicians, we've added something to make notes, audit proof. So it's kind of like you can see in real time what you need to adjust in your notes so they don't get denied or they don't go through any sort of audits or anything like that.
Jack Waugh: And then we actually submit those to you and collect, like, reports, kind of like a financial advisor would. The cool thing about that is because billing quality, like, rests on documentation quality. So when you have a system that actually connects those two, like, people, first of all, we actually beat price, typically by about 5% of most of these other billers. We take much less of a cut than a lot of them do. And people will see up to like 5% or more growth using job bill. So sounds interesting to you. Like, I'd be happy to, like, get you on a call so you could, like, just learn a little bit more and see if it might be something that could help.
Ebony Cameron: Yeah, maybe. So maybe a little bit later down the line. I'm just trying to get my footing first. Sure, yeah. Just get, you know, a little bit more knowledgeable. I mean, I'm knowledgeable, but, you know, you can always, especially with the new platform. I'm just trying to get, you know, familiar with everything and then, you know, maybe later, maybe.
Jack Waugh: Yeah, definitely. You can always reach back out. I know it's when you have, like, a new clinic, there's, like, a lot to deal with already, so. But you're more than welcome to try it out. We'll do like three demo calls and kind of like walk you through that as well. So when the time's right, feel free to let me know. But in the meantime, you know, glad you've been finding everything helpful with jot psych.
Jack Waugh: And yeah, just let me know if any other issues come up or if any other questions come up, I'm happy to answer them.
Ebony Cameron: Okay. And just speaking later down the line, I don't know how much I think I did a month. I don't think it's been a month. I'm not even sure it has been a month.
Jack Waugh: It looks like I think you still have a little time. Yeah. So I know. Yeah, you should be on our full plan after that. So if you want to also, I know we have a yearly option if you want to pay for the year. It's actually a little cheaper per month, so that's an option as well.
Ebony Cameron: How much is it per year?
Jack Waugh: So if you pay annually, it comes out to about 135 per month.
Ebony Cameron: Oh, okay. And then if it's not annual,
Jack Waugh: and if you stay month to month, it's 150 per month.
Ebony Cameron: Oh, okay. If I do month to month. Okay. Does that, huh?
Jack Waugh: Oh, sorry. Go ahead.
Ebony Cameron: No, is that automatic? Is it automated where it just automatically comes out correct?
Jack Waugh: Yeah, it'll. It's automated. You know, the nice thing, too, is, like, if you stay month to month at first, you at least can keep assessing it. And then when you want to go yearly, you can always let me know, and I can, like, switch you over. And also, I do think what you'll find is that you. You'll get enough time back to be like, oh, wow, like, I can actually see another patient on. Or I can see, like, five more patients in my schedule on this day. So, you know, the price is more than just what you're paying, I guess it's a little bit about how much more time you have and how many more patients you can actually see on a day, so.
Ebony Cameron: Okay. Okay. Well, I am going to keep trying to see how it can benefit me, and. And it is. It's beneficial, but I'm just, you know, would like to just do more and then we'll go. Yeah, I'll keep you updated about how it's going, and especially with this new patient on doing the first outpatient. I'm excited to see how that goes.
Jack Waugh: Awesome.
Jack Waugh: Yeah, I appreciate you taking the time. And. And, hey, one other question because I know I've been keeping you a second about. Do you mind if I ask about, like, how many patients are in your. Your clinics right now, approximately?
Ebony Cameron: Well, hardly any for my outpatient, but for my in. And I see, like, they're like 30 to 40 a week.
Jack Waugh: Gotcha. Okay. That's good to know. Yeah, it's always helpful for us. Just feedback, getting, seeing where everyone's coming from, and. Awesome. Well, yeah, Ebony, really appreciate you taking the time and also looking forward to having you save even more time now that you can try this with your outpatient patients as well.
Ebony Cameron: Okay, well, thank you. I'll be in touch soon.
Jack Waugh: Awesome. Thanks. Take care.
Ebony Cameron: Bye. Bye.