Eric Wong: Hey. Hello.
Eric Wong: How's it going?
Jackson Bierfeldt: Good. Nice to speak with you again. We met at the. What was it called? Career Fair Effect. Right?
Eric Wong: Yeah, yeah, yeah, Yep.
Jackson Bierfeldt: That's awesome. Well, super nice to talk to you again. Thank you for following up. Where are you currently?
Eric Wong: In the bookstore. I got out of class a little bit late, so this is like the closest place I could find to sit down.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Oh, nice. Cool. Well, nice to speak with you. I think we. I just want to take the time a little bit here just to understand a bit more about you, what you're interested in, if you're looking for summer internship, if you're looking for, you know, maybe something to start during the school year and just kind of like see what the, what the possibilities and what you're interested in are. Does that sound good?
Eric Wong: Yep.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Awesome. So why don't you just tell me, like, remind me a little bit. I know we spoke a bit, but can you tell me about what you're studying, what you're interested in? And really, I'd also love to know, like, what have you worked on outside of academia? Like, what kind of projects have you done? Even if it's just something?
Eric Wong: Yeah, for sure. Yeah, for sure. So my name is Eric. I'm a second year currently at University of Chicago studying computer science. I was thinking of doing a business economics, like double major, but I think I kind of like, I'm not going for that and I'm just going to take some business econ classes instead rather than going for the full major because I want to do like the CS3 plus one here. But anyways, I'm from Hawaii. I grew up loving computers. I grew up building computers. And it was in high school that I started taking computer science classes and I really, really got interested in like, you know, like the software behind the hardware started, you know, like tinkering around, playing like, you know, trying to like do Minecraft stuff like running, you know, block code programs and all that. Once I came here, I started taking some more formal computer education, computer science education classes like Data Instructions and algorithms, functional programming, discrete math, system programming, which is kind of like Intro to Computer Architecture, I would say, and some other, like, theory classes. I've worked as a software engineer before. I had the opportunity this past summer to work for two startups. One was named Alio, where I worked with them to redesign some components on their, their, their front page as well as help them with their chatbot that they were working on. And then I also worked at Character, where I helped them to design like a data pipeline sort of thing for ingestion into LLMs. Outside of school, I'm really interested in doing research. Currently, I'm working as a research assistant at the annual Internet Research lab here at UChicago. Also, I've worked on some technical projects in my free time. One thing that I really got into last summer was financial engineering, so. Excuse me. So like one thing that I, that I've been working on since then is kind of like a financial sentiment analysis platform where like I'm basically trying to like aggregate long term trends about, about specific tickers in the stock market so that I can see when these sorts of sentiment shifts start to happen and then hopefully position myself for a long or short depending on what it is. But it's very like, it's not like very like day trading. It's more like really like just having a good position on a trade based off of you know what I like a long term thesis. Sorry. Also I'm Malcolm. My friend, we kind of stopped working on this just because we got really busy with school. But I was working on him with this for the entirety of the first semester.
Jackson Bierfeldt: What was that, what was the thing you worked on with the friend?
Eric Wong: It's called Malka Systems. So basically this summer I was like sitting in a grandma to her, to her dental clinic and basically I like noticed that in Hawaii there's like so many languages spoken that it's really hard for people to like. It's really hard for businesses to employ human capital that actually you know, understands all these languages. Right. Like there's, it's the melting pot of the Pacific, so they say. And there's you know, maybe like 50, 60 languages that are spoken on a daily basis within One Mile Square.
Jackson Bierfeldt: I've got my picture.
Eric Wong: That's so cool. Wow. Wait, you know pigeon?
Jackson Bierfeldt: No, I don't, but I, I just got really interested in it when I visited one time. So.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah, sorry, I just was like, I've literally got the book right here.
Eric Wong: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. That was a really big part actually because we really, we knew that like a lot of businesses, especially ones that cater to people that lives not like know, like not town people, the ones that are you know, on the west side or east side, they're very pigeon heavy. Especially you know those, the people that are starting to age, you know, like that grew up speaking pigeon to their parents who grew up on the plantations and so on and so forth. Like pigeon was something that's like almost like a barrier to, to, to, to a lot of businesses that, that are, you know, planting their roots down in Hawaii. So that's something that we want to investigate as well. So we, we, we were trying to like work with small businesses in order to just like help them with and use NLP and like models to try to like help them design like customer service service stuff or like automate, like really redundant and like, like common questions like Q A, such as, like, you know, what hours do you open? You know, like. And like, maybe, you know, they save some hours on that just because, you know, you don't have to, like, go back and forth with some, like, you know, grandma speaking pigeon tube or something. So. Yeah, Very cool.
Eric Wong: Yeah, I've had some class projects, such as I built, like, a card game before. Did like a heap Allocator thing, a garbage collection, like classic systems programming stuff.
Jackson Bierfeldt: I've never even done any of that stuff. I don't know. Yeah, but great. So that's, that's very, that's a great little, you know, intro into your background. And then what about in terms of what you're looking to do?
Jackson Bierfeldt: Are you like, hey, I'm super busy winter and spring. Like I'm kind of just looking to do something in the summer. Are you trying to find something where you can like start ramping up a little bit over the spring quarter with some part time things? Like what are you open to and interested in as far as like internship stuff?
Eric Wong: Yeah, yeah. So I think for this summer I'm pretty locked down. I have another offer from another company. So I think right now the reason that I applied was for a part time role. I wanted to just like stay. I wanted to keep my, keep myself busy while I was, you know, still in school and I am doing some side projects on the side. But I wanted to do something like a little bit more structured just to get a little more experience with some more say like production level code. So yeah, like something that would start maybe like I think on the Notion site instead of like 10 hours a week and then you know, hypothetically in the spring quarter if I'm not so busy or maybe if I am busy, then that can, you know, be dynamic once we, once we get there.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah.
Eric Wong: Yeah.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Okay, great. But so summer, you.
Jackson Bierfeldt: You already have an internship you'd accept?
Eric Wong: Yeah, yeah, yeah, I think so. My summer is really long. Four months. So I'm planning right now the plan is to do that internship for the June, for June and July. And then I applied to a study abroad program which would run from I think like the last week of August until mid September. So I kind of only have until from like the last week of July until the middle of August to like do free time. So I don't know if like there'd be like, like hypothetically this works out and then you guys want me to come back and. Or like help you guys out for a couple weeks. Then like I really, I'd be, I'd be interested. But I'm not sure what that looks like as of right now. Yeah.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Okay, cool. No, that's great, great information. Which study abroad are you doing?
Eric Wong: I'm applying to the 1. It's just an art core for Paris. It's like the Paris museums one.
Jackson Bierfeldt: That's got to be the best one. That's gotta be awesome.
Eric Wong: It's, it's. Yeah, I'm really, I really hope I get in. I'll find out sometime during the spring quarter. So. Yeah.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Okay, great. And then very last thing that I want to know is, like, what is your current relationship to and knowledge of, like, agentic workflow systems? Like, are you building anything with clawed code kind of stuff right now? What are you doing there?
Eric Wong: Yeah, so recently I've been a little bit more busy just because of midterm season in the past couple of weeks, but I've been really interested in agentic workflows. This is, like, the first thing that I read about in the morning when I wake up. Like, I'll just look on like Twitter or Reddit and I'll read like the most recent things that happened in this space. So like I've been like, I've, I've kind of had like a setup going for cloud code and stuff, like, like Ralph Loops and all that stuff and like agent teams and I'm really interested in working with stuff like this. Yeah, I don't know if that's an adequate answer.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah, that's great. Yeah, I mean it was just a. I'm just kind of trying to see like what your exposure is. You know, you said all the right things here. You said, you said Twitter, you mentioned that you're building Minecraft, Redstone stuff as a kid. Like, you know, I, I see the vision here, so that's great. Okay, cool. Well, I think that's all I have. Do you have any questions for, for me here? Just about. Yeah. What we're doing, I mean, I know we, I explained the business to you a bit, but.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Anything about the internship?
Eric Wong: Not particularly, I guess. I guess. And I might have asked you this when, when, when I talk to you in person, but I'm just curious, like, I wonder what your long term, what your long term goal is or your what like your vision is for John. Psych. Like, I'm wondering, do you guys. Because I talked about this with my friend the other day and like basically his. And I guess it's like a little bit more niche than what you guys are doing. So. So basically like they were like, it was like he was like trying to like his business plan for this thing that he's starting is to kind of like try to dump like find out what the problems are within this, within this niche, try to solve them as best as possible. And then while they're doing that, like while they're mastering this really niche subdomain to like kind of get more knowledge on the bigger problems that people would like to get solved. And so like I'm wondering if you guys aim to do the same or like.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah, it's in there. We're definitely. The thing I like to tell people is over the next year or two, we're definitely staying within the vertical of behavioral health, you know, like psychiatry therapy. That's where all our customers are. And like as a business, you know, it's all about the go to market when it comes to like, you know, the, the technology could be applied to like tons of different things. But like actually selling it to people requires that like very specific knowledge. So we're definitely working in that we're moving vertically up the stack and, like, learning more about revenue cycle management. You know, like, oh, how does billing work? What is the actual pain point here? It's working with insurance companies and getting paid from that. I think you talked about that a little bit. And then, you know, in the long term, definitely, like, those skills and the technology that comes out of that could be applied to other things, could enable some kind of, like, very, you know, much bigger, like, horizontal. But, you know, the near term focus is still very much in. We have to, like, get it right within us. Like, so.
Eric Wong: Yeah.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Kind of similar to what you. You described.
Eric Wong: Yeah, that makes sense. Okay, great. Another question that I had, I guess is like, for you guys, if you were to work with, you know, like an intern part time like I we described earlier, how would that, like, how would a successful internship look like? I guess, or like successful part time workman look like? Like, is it somebody that just, you know, takes the task that you guys give them and then does it as soon as possible as well as possible? Somebody that iterates fast or somebody that like kind of is scrappy and then like, you know, maybe, you know, implements new features or like, you know, brainstorms about new things that might necessarily be on their task list.
Eric Wong: I'm just curious about like what type of person you're looking for. Like what type of employee you're looking for.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah, that's a great question. And I'm so sorry, I have to jump in like 60 seconds for some of you.
Eric Wong: So I'm going to speed run this,
Jackson Bierfeldt: but we'll have another mostly like high quality async. You know, speed is always value. But what we're doing with a lot of our interns because you know, they're juggling schoolwork and stuff, is we'll kind of like, you know, on Sunday night or Monday be like, hey, here's your project for this week. By Friday, I want something that like works, has a whole write up, has the data, like helps me learn something about it, kind of share your thinking and then like also at point, push the ball forward. That will say how we're like structuring internship engagements because we know that you're like, yeah, I got class and I have like two hours here and I have four hours there. So we're looking less for something that's like super, you know, synchronous and something more like, here's a hard problem, go work on it. And then like send me this, this code and like the documentation around it. Okay, awesome.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Well, I'm talking to a couple other people and we're going to be in talking soon about like who we want to do trial projects with.
Jackson Bierfeldt: But that's kind of the next step.
Eric Wong: Awesome, Sounds good. Thank you so much.