yaran: You too. I'm good. How are you?
Christopher Hume: Yeah, doing really well. Happy Monday. Thanks for taking the time and the flexibility. I know I moved this interview around.
yaran: Yeah. No. Thank you for your time on a Monday morning.
Christopher Hume: Me too. So just to give you an overview of sort of how this conversation is going to go and what to expect. It's just a low key opportunity for us to learn a little bit more about each other. We have it scheduled for 30 minutes, but typically these calls are about 15. So don't worry if it goes a little short. That's kind of what I expect. And so I'm going to ask you a few questions. I'm going to give you the opportunity to ask a few questions. And then all the sharing my notes, the rest of my team probably at the end of this week to make a decision on next step, but I just want to make sure I'm kind of upfront with what's going to go on here and then what's going to go on afterward. That's the goal for today. And then just to briefly introduce myself. My name is Chris. I'm chief of. Sir, I'm growth and operations at Jobsite. Started off as a chief of staff and recently changed roles. And again, it's just an opportunity to learn a little bit more about you and why you're interested in the role. Any questions there before we get started? Yaron.
yaran: No.
Christopher Hume: Okay, perfect. Well, then, I guess, kind of just to kick off, could you tell me a little bit more about you and maybe give me a quick summary of your resume?
yaran: Yeah, so my name is Yaran. I'm currently a third year at UChicago studying business, economics and maybe minor in history. I have experience in the past last summer working for a startup working on their sales and marketing is either the startup world it's really like a lot of things going on at the same time. Like I was doing pitch decks, I was doing competitor analysis, recommending what feature of the product that we should improve, what feature of the product we should work on. I was also doing a lot of marketing material. We have this post once a week to tell people about our service and our product. And I was also responsible for drafting and creating that post. Before that, I also had experience working for consulting management consulting department at a real estate firm. So in general, I'm really interested in strategy consulting, thinking about how to improve things, how to improve the product, overall, strategy operations.
Christopher Hume: Awesome. Well, those are all good things for chief of staff intern to be interested in.
Christopher Hume: Great, that's helpful. And then John, to get a little bit more specific.
Christopher Hume: So you have your experience at other startup I was reading a little bit about. Could you. So it was called Alpha Rock, I believe.
yaran: Yes. Alpha Rock.
Christopher Hume: Yeah. So could you tell me a little bit more about that and maybe some of the work you said you did? Marketing, a little bit of product work, what was kind of the most meaningful or exciting project you did there?
yaran: I would say the project improvement work. Our company is essentially a survey creation company. So we collect surveys from users and then we provide these data insights to financial institution, to government, to corporation, to their marketing team. And one of the things that I did was a competitor analysis of other survey providers in the market. So, for example, Survey Monkey, other startup, there's also larger competitors like Bay McKinsey. They were also produce their own survey from time to time. But what I found through all of these research is that a lot of the people in the market are already doing open answer questions. So I know that in Google forms there's always a question in the end, is there anything you want to tell us? You can put in a store answer, but in the survey provider world, that is very hard to automate. So a lot of people didn't have that capacity before, or at least where the firm started. This is not something that they thought about. They thought that if you want to automate a lot of questions and response, best ways to just do multiple queries. But then by the summer we found that a lot of other competitors are already doing the short question analysis. So I recommend that to our product team and they develop that feature and I think it has been do really well. I think I continue working for them for the fall because I was studying abroad in Paris. I have some free time. Yeah, I know.
Christopher Hume: It's really fun. Pretty great. Pretty jealous.
yaran: Yeah, I really like Paris, but either way. So I hatched some free time and I got to see through the impact, and I figured we were able to attract, like, 56 more accounts just purely based on that new feature. So I would say that's one of the. Project I'm most proud of because we're catching up with the market and doing things with other people are doing.
Christopher Hume: That's awesome and very cool that you have to do some of that while in Paris. That's a pretty nice place. Okay, so that's really helpful. I'm sorry. I'm just going to grab my coffee.
yaran: Left it on the other table.
Christopher Hume: So helpful to hear a little bit more about kind of the impact you've had in your tech roles. Could you tell me why you want to work in tech your Chicago? There's consulting opportunities, there's finance opportunities. What kind of attracts you to tech into startups in particular?
yaran: I would say I'm more attracted to thinking about how to improve things in that specific role. I was attracted to that startup because it was a lot of B2B services, and I felt like, I felt like that's a great way for me to learn about what kind of businesses they are and really to understand the business needs because it's also at the same time a sales role. So I was also creating Pitch deck, thinking about our marketing, like creating this post once a week. So it was also a lot of the time understanding what the business needs are. So I think that was what attracts me most to that role in particular, but I'm also very interested in startup in general. I try to create my own startup my second year. It didn't go through in the end because the funny team kind of fall apart. Everyone have other priorities, but I felt like startup is something I want to try to do eventually in the future and I'M also in this VC club on campus with other people who are interested in startup. So I would say something eventually down the line, maybe I'll start a new startup again.
Christopher Hume: Yeah, no, that's really great. When I was in college, I really liked the startup startup thing, and then I went to consulting and did that for five years and then finally came back to OR five and a half years and finally came back to startups. So I respect you kind of doing the startup thing and going for it a little earlier than I did. Okay, so I think that's all the questions I have about sort of your experience and your interest in tech in general. I'd love to just go a little bit higher level. So, as you know, AI is sort of taking over the world right now. And what's incredible is how much work it lets us do. As a really tight team at Jot Psych, we'd love to hear a little bit about how you use AI tools. How has AI impacted the way either at your other jobs in school projects. How do you use AI in a day to day basis?
yaran: I use Gemini a lot, I would say for school. Usually ask it questions. I'm right now studying for this operation management class. We're about to have our finals week next week. So I was giving my lecture nose and I was asking it to come up with questions that could help me prepare kind of mock question. Besides a mock practice test that we're going to have for the final. It's kind of giving me all this mock question that I didn't think about, all the key concepts, and then I can tell from the Gemini answer, and the Gemini will let me know if I'm right or not. So I think in terms of helping me to study and review for exams, it definitely helped a lot. I haven't encountered a lot of use of AI in my work, in particular because last year we are basically advertising ourselves as an AI firm. So we're leveraging our tech in house type team. But I would say right now I'm actually also doing a nonprofit consulting project for a nonprofit part of a club on campus. We haven't used a lot of AI, but we did as AI to take meeting notes. We meet on Zoom all the time. I would just enable to notetaking and that has been really helpful. Create a very clear list of action that you need to take after meeting. A great summary. I would say that helped, but other than that, I think, yeah.
Christopher Hume: No. Perfect. What you're saying about studying and using it as a thought partner. Yeah, it can really help. It's pretty cool. I don't know. I don't know how you guys. College must be completely different having that resource at your fingertips.
yaran: Yeah, I thought, imagine people who did it without it.
Christopher Hume: I know. It's like when I can't believe my parents went to college without a computer.
Christopher Hume: And you guys can't believe I went to college without AI. Okay, so now we're going to go just like a quick. Just like to see how you. Think. You see. So let's say you come on as a part time intern. I don't know. In May, we see a 15% drop in revenue. What would your first instinct be and what would you look at to try and figure out what's going on?
yaran: You saw? 50% drop in revenue.
Christopher Hume: If we saw. If we saw what, would you start investigating to see what's going on and how we can fix that?
yaran: I would say maybe like two things that we all know. Revenue price times the number of units sold.
yaran: So maybe like a pro here. From there on a unit price, you see, if we have maybe decrease our subscription price. We also see there if we offer, for example, a combo and more people are subscribing to that. Combo or if we offer for example, a lower price subscription or fee structure, are more people switching to the lower fee side so figuring out how they're being a recent change in a unit price that would affect the revenue drop. Maybe on the unit sold side. Like to see do we have more people subscribing so we have more doctors subscribing more physicians or like less physicians subscribing. See which people are subscribing less. And I'm assuming that your revenue model is based on the subscription people using your product to take notes. So also seeing just which segment of people are not using that product anymore, and also just in general to see if this is a market trend. For example, in a worst case scenario, there's another war happening in the U.S. besides the Iran, everyone might just stop working all of a sudden and people don't need that service anymore. So maybe also just see if there's any outside factor like general economy not doing well. That prevents us from working, but yeah.
Christopher Hume: No, absolutely. I liked your. There's a very Mesi framework there that was well done on the spot. But. No, that's great. I agree. Yeah. I think probably from the software as a service perspective, It would probably be units sold or at least where we are because we have such a naive subscription model. We only have a few levels, so if we saw a big drop, it would probably be from number of people. And you're right, we'd have to dive and see why that is in a certain segment is there a larger market trend. All good stuff there. Last question I have for you, Yarn is just wondering why you're interested in job psych in particular. Again, you have a lot of opportunities. Why do you apply to this job? What about jobs that contracted you?
yaran: I actually applied to this because I went to the Korea Fair in STEM a few months ago and I met Alex, and then he told me about Hugh's job of try to see all the data and coming up with new things, new recommendation to see how to attract more people to use the site and like, how to retain users after their first trial with Outside. And I thought, that's a very interesting job. Get to see a lot of data, like, come up with a lot of analysis and, like, figure out how to improve things that, like, make things better. Like, it really aligns with my interest of doing strategy work. And I also really just enjoy chatting with Alan. I thought I would apply for this job but also like I usually have all canvas job all the time like in the previous two years but then since I was studying abroad this fall like I didn't have on campus job and I felt like I really want to do something that's extra fun outside of school.
Christopher Hume: Awesome. Yeah, Alex is the best. It's so funny. I've worked with Alex since last January, but I've never met him in person. It's been all remote. So you've met Alex in person more times than I have.
yaran: Which is funny. Yeah, yeah.
Christopher Hume: Okay. So, Yarin, that comes to the end of our questions. I have for you. As I said, probably closer to 15 minutes and 30. But I just want to say, do you have any questions for me? Is there anything I can answer for you about job psych, about the role or about this process before we wrap up here?
yaran: So I know you said, like, you let us know by the end of this week, approximately how many interns are you thinking about hiring? Like, how does a structure works? Like, do I report to you? Do I report to Alex, Do I work with other intern? Report to both of you.
Christopher Hume: That's a good question. I think what I would expect is we'll hire one more intern. We currently have another intern on staff and Alex a part time. And you would report to me or my colleague Adam. Where we do a lot of the business operations side of the work. I do sales and growth, mostly sales and growth and some operations. Does a lot of marketing, and then he's also very involved in product. So between the two of us, we basically handle all the business in the company. Customer success, customer support. Yeah, so you'd be working with the two of us, and I would either be managing you or Adam would be. But that's a great question.
yaran: Got it. Got it. Yeah. How would the project looks like? Do you have anything in mind that like, you need to intern to maybe help with or like, what would the type of project intern would be working on?
Christopher Hume: Yep. Well, you. You may have. You actually had me thinking of a project. When you're talking about how much you enjoy looking at data, We would love to get more fidelity on the early customer experience. There's, like, always an interest in getting more detail there. Especially in between. Like when someone signs up and when they don't convert to paying. What is going on and what can we change, if anything? So having someone to do that data analysis of the clicks, of the actions they take of watching the videos and watching their cursor go around the screen. Is. Yeah. Something we can definitely use some help with. That would be probably what I. One of the things I would vote on as a early project for this intern is doing an analysis on customer behavior and trying to identify, like, where we can intervene. Like, should we add a pop up in the software? Should we just call them on the phone and ask them if they need help? Like what? What's the solution?
yaran: Okay. Yeah, that's very interesting. Like, figuring out how to kind of keep the customers there by, like, small interventions here and there.
Christopher Hume: Interesting and very difficult, but, yes, very interesting.
yaran: Yeah, no, definitely. I once took this behavioral science class and, like, it was, like, talking a lot about, like, how little things can just affect people's behavior so much. Like, I'm sure you heard about, like, the very famous, like, if you Enterprise by 0.99, people are more likely to buy it than if you 95.0. Yeah.
Christopher Hume: Everyone knows that's what they're doing. Right? But they still happen.
yaran: Yeah. Yeah, right. Like, people know that. Like, it's. It's the same now because everyone knows their theory. But. But yeah. I do have one more personal question, I guess. Why did you decide to join Jawsec? After so long and like consulting.
Christopher Hume: So I just realized that I wanted to be in technology, and there's all these. Technology, really. I mean, it's what changes the world. And, like, really, like, moves the needle on a lot of things. I want it to be a part of it. And I figured if I didn't go five or six years into your careers, where you start be like, oh, boy, it's kind of hard to change jobs if you don't do it soon. And so it's time to make the change. And it's fun to, you know, read the news every day, see stuff about AI and into some small way be involved. And then all your, you know, relatives and friends think you're some sort of your genius. Like, oh, Chris works in AI. I'm like, well, sort of. I do the. I do the growth. I don't really do the AI part, but it's fun.
yaran: Yeah, but you're part of a company that do the AI stuff.
Christopher Hume: Exactly. And we have a lot of internal AI tool that we use, so that's kind of what I really enjoyed being on the cutting edge of how to run a business. Has been fun.
yaran: What sort of AI use? AI tools like Gemini are like, more like data analysis.
Christopher Hume: More data analysis. So I, I mean, of course we use like, ChatGPT, asking questions, rewrite this email, all that. We've gotten pretty sophisticated with, like, vibe coding, specific, like, tools. All information from various software solutions and like give us. Some communications or analyses. So I just built a custom little cursor harness that pulls information from our CRM. It pulls information from my email, pulls information from my calendar and from Slack, and then it will flag for me like, hey, you have this outstanding task. You need to get it to by end of day when I run it. And sort of seeing. How much work you could get done with a small team that's tech enabled has a really, really fun. Very challenging. It's not always easy, especially when your code isn't working right, but it's been really fun, and it's like you feel like you're in the future.
yaran: Yeah. We're like. Number two is like everything is automated and like, they're just reminding you what you need to do. Yeah.
Christopher Hume: It's unbelievable.
yaran: Yeah. Yeah. Well, that's amazing. Well, I think that's also all the questions I have. Thank you so much for taking the time to talk to me. I felt like I know more about, like, how things works now.
yaran: No, of course. Any idea of the company? Yeah.
Christopher Hume: So you should have you have my email for sure. So if you have any, can you think of any questions, anything like that, don't hesitate to reach out. And if you don't hear from me on by Friday, the shoot me an email and I can get you an update.
yaran: Sounds good. Sounds good.
Christopher Hume: Awesome. Thank you so much.
Christopher Hume: It was so nice to meet you.
yaran: You, too. Have a great day.
Christopher Hume: Too. Bye. Bye.
yaran: Take care. Bye.