timyu: Hey. Nathan. Pretty good. Pretty good. How are you doing?
Nathan Peereboom: Good. I think that Chris sent you his invite. And I was supposed to be on the call. So Chris is on a plane to Fargo right now for work, and so you have to suffer through hanging out with me. Where are you right now? Are you in Chicago?
timyu: I'm in Chicago, yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: I can't see anything out the window. Which part of campus are you in?
timyu: I'm actually downtown in a hotel. My parents right now.
Nathan Peereboom: Oh, nice. Okay, cool. Well, look, you know who I am. My name is Nate. I'm the CEO and co founder of jotsyc. Super excited about you potentially joining us as a Metcalf intern. Give me some background. Who are you? What are you doing? Just give me all the context. I didn't look at your resume. Or anything like that. This is just kind of blank slate conversation. So give me a little bit of the start.
timyu: Yeah. My name is Tim. I'm a second year studying computer science and stats from Tallahassee, Florida. Last summer, I worked at this SM car AI. They're also in behavioral health. They, like, make AI patients to train therapists. They're going through a bit of a pivot right now, trying to expand. Outside of that university settings into more hospitals and giving like a SIM care stamp approval thing. It was a great, great culture company I worked for. And yeah, my free time. Like I love the play piano, chess, poker or just hang out with friends and run. And yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: Sweet. I'm curious. Tell me about how you do school. And by how you do school, I think I'm particularly interested. Like we're in this new age of AI. And I think that there are a lot of different ways that people are approaching their own education and growth right now.
Nathan Peereboom: Tell me about your, like, philosophy of your own, like, self improvement and how you weigh that against these, like, kind of steroid like tools that we now have at our fingertips. And I kind of just want to understand both, like, your philosophy and also, like, how you see the tech.
timyu: I see. Very class. Great question. So my philosophy has undergone a bit of a change. So you should follow. Is known for being very tough classes. And in the past it was like a school where everyone just takes the hardest class as possible. You don't really care about like your GPA or your grades. All you care about is reaching your, like, intellectual fulfillments and potential. And I was of that philosophy for, like, most of my time here. Like, I always was taking the hardest classes and maybe, like, not and just trying my best to learn as much as I can and not really caring too much about the grade. But. But then I was talking to one of my associate associate professors, and he talked about how this generation was getting jaded. And what he meant by jaded was that everyone like UChicago and Logma Ed or UChicago professors have said this, but like, ever since they added, like the business economics major. Like, the finance culture has swept the school people. And like, in AI, in this day and age, like, people don't really care about, like, doing the right thing of, like, oh, taking the hard classes, or, like, standing up for what's right. Like, everyone is intrinsically more selfish and what. What they mean by that is. Like, all I really care about is getting the good grade so I get a good job so I can, like, support my family in the future, et cetera.
timyu: And I think I've undergone philosophy into, like, into jadenness, where, like, you know, maybe, like, I'm not taking, like, all the hardest classes I can. Anymore, but I'm, like, you know, focusing on, like, getting good grades to stand out to employers. And I think this is just something that comes with, like, I think growing up in maturing a. Bit. And, yeah, AI is pretty useful in. In explaining concepts. A lot of other AI companies have, like, created awesome tools like Google's Notebook. MLS is, like, one of the best, like, study tools. There's this other YC Conf. They're really good at generating, like, videos to explain specific topics and concepts in, like, math, for example.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, cool. Help me understand why you made this shift. I mean, I understand that, like, your soc professor. Also, I went to UChicago, so I kind of know the context you're coming from. When you're social professor describes this jadedness. I mean. It's not like. It's not like the modern era invented selfishness. What does that have to do with AI? I don't really get, like, help. Help me draw the connection. And then help me understand. What about your philosophy of the world changed? What premise? What prior did you have to update? In order to embrace this kind of more dog eat dog philosophy about grades, etc.
timyu: The main connection with AI is everyone's talking about how like, AI is like, taking away jobs or at least reducing jobs to make them more competitive. And, and if you pick Chicago against other schools, like, for example, you can't take great inflation's account too much, so you should like, you know, maybe take those. Easier classes and not reach intellectual fulfillment. And so you like, strengthen your gpa, for example, and then you stand out. More competitive in the job pool, which is like, more competitive as a result of AI. Like, people who utilize AI the best will will be able to like, reach the furthest rather than like a majority of the population that uses AI Just to kind of, like, substitute work instead of, like, increase work. And personally the shift came from, I think, I think it was a long, drawn out conversation with my parents as well where like, I had to really think about, like, what is the value of uchicago. And I've experienced the former value and I think now it's time to try to ladder value and, and maybe in a few years I'll change. I'll change it again because I feel like I'm very young and I'm just. I'm still gaining perspective of, like, every. Every moment that passes by.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, so part of you, if I understand it correctly, is saying these AI tools are making it such that the people who are embracing this Machiavellian idea of, like, you know, game the grades, get a great job. And have, like, professional leverage. They're actually like, the world will sort of like, they'll be so much further ahead because the tooling, the inequality of society will be so much larger that, like, you just don't want to get left behind. And to you, pursuing intellectual development right now would feel like sort of dilettante in contrast. To that. Like expanding inequality. Is that the right way for me to understand the way that the AI question interacts with this?
timyu: Yeah, essentially. Machiavelli was a good way to put it. Yeah. I mean, I think the AI. AI is just polarizing everyone into like, like, like most of the population will, like, is, like, just using it to substitute their own work. But, like, a few, like, select few, they, like, use. They're using AI to. Like, increase their own workload and learning potential, like, exponentially. And, yeah, I don't. You don't want to get left behind just being, like, a person who has their work substituted through AI.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, I'm just going to be a devil's advocate, and I want you to push back. What would you say to someone who is like, Hey, actually. Everything is just intellectual development now. Like, you don't actually need to know any skills you don't have to have experience you don't like. Everything is about figuring out how to use these tools and also just having a really good engine in your own head. And you actually have it backwards. You're chasing, like, the old values of, you know, who's going to care about grades if, like, the person with high grades isn't, like, really sharp when it comes to using an AI tool, like, you know what I mean, like. How would you respond to that critique that actually this is an era where intellectual development is the ultimate investment, rather than kind of a secondary investment?
timyu: That's a very good critique. I would say that the goals are, are really in line, aligned already. You have to, you have to push. Anything. How do I word this? To. To reach. Okay? To reach further. I would say that the goals are aligned because when you. When you give your. Like, for example, by strengthening your own application, you give your. You get your foot in the door. But like in and I don't think most people have seen like that Devo advocates position yet of like, oh, like, it's all that really matters right now is like, how you use the tools. Everything in the pragmatic point of view is everything is still like, kind of grounded from years past. And your strength. The strength of your job application is still like the foremost thing. And the advent of AI allows you to catch up intellectually quicker than you would previously. So if everyone is even on an even playing ground with with AI, like stimulating everyone's intellectual development equally, then the only thing left would be your application strength.
Nathan Peereboom: Got it. Okay. What does it mean to be good at using the tools? What do you have to bring to the table in a world where like. Inference, background citability arrangement of facts is like trivial.
timyu: Yeah. The main point is how good you are at your skills. So in. So with regard to AI, like, you'd be good at AI like, a lot of people use AI just like they, they just. It's just prompt it and just take the prompts. But you being good at AI would be like, you know, adding, like, adding files, adding as much context, using, like, voice to, like, chat with it, and then, like, fine tuning your own models. And that's a whole other process. But with regards to, like, coding, people who can utilize, like, Open Claw and like, cloud code in, like, the terminal and who have, like, AI agents running all the time. They're so much more productive and, and being super specific about types of files and then, like, skimming over code that it generates. All these, like, things are really, really, like, add up in the long run because you are a human who has, like, context over. What the AI like, produces. And then the final, like, step of, like, actually being good at using AI, I would say, is, like, actually even, like, deciding to use the result or not. Like, I. I was talking to my friend, and he, like, he, like, waited for a chat GPT pro request to give him, like, a full study. Guide, like, in 12 hours to cram for his, like, stat exam. And. And I looked at it, and I said, this is actually, like, really, really bad. It's not even, like, a good study guide. You should, like, not. Should not do this.
Nathan Peereboom: So just using.
timyu: Can you.
Nathan Peereboom: Can you give me, like, a mutually exclusive, exhaustive framework for how to think about the entire set of things you described? Like if I was going to. Let's say. Let's say I was trying to evaluate another candidate. Based on how good I think they would be at using an AI tool. Like, what's the Excel sheet that I would use to, like, what would be in that rubric?
timyu: The first rubric would be. The first category we'd look at is all, like, tools utilized.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, so. So, like, aptitude and, like, trying new tools? Or something like that or. Or breadth of tools? I mean, how do you actually. Yeah, it helped me understand this. Is it breadth of tools? Is it adventuresomeness and, like, trying new technology? Is it just like, hey, they should have chosen the right tool? Like, what is the thing that you're actually, like, trying to gauge?
timyu: Okay. Yeah. First. First thing we'll gauge is how much the tools, like, apply to their use cases. So it's very different from someone who's, like, working in, like, business and product development versus someone who's, like, developing their own, like, applications. So for business and, like, product development, like, I assume, like, like. ChatGPT Pro is like great enough and then like to evaluate their like skills. Then you can analyze like how they interact with Tap Pro. Like how detailed are like each of their like like prompts, how much they work on prompt engineering. Like do they draft like lawn documents then give them the ChatGPT or is it just like a very like simple like typing. And obviously for like coding, then we would have. It'd be better if they were implementing like Cursor, but at least with like. But then also other agents to help increase productivity like Open Claw and cloud code. And yeah, the breath isn't as much as important, though, as, like, that's. The breadth is secondary to, like, death, though. If someone was really good at one of these tools, that also is a very strong factor.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, so we just list the categories of the MEC rubric again.
timyu: Yeah. Okay. So. Yeah, let me. Let me finish. I guess the rubric's basically built out, then. The first, the most important thing is applicability to their use case. So it should be, like, the right tool for the right task. The second category would be how, like, in depth and skilled they are at that one. Task and then the third would be your add ons. So like your, your side features and like your breadth of tools that would support your main tool.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay? Interesting. So the thing that you were describing with your friend's study guide, you're not including in this rubric, like, quality control, like, reviewing outputs, pushing back on, like, that's not. That's not actually part of the rubric initially.
timyu: I feel like that would be under the second category of, like, depth of a tool, like. Like not using a tool. Right correctly. Would I just mean that you haven't, like, used it in depth correctly?
Nathan Peereboom: Okay. How would you evaluate that, though? Because that's, like, a hard thing. Like, you can't really ask someone, hey, do you use, like, your tool? Right? And they're like, yeah, I definitely use my tool. Right? You know, like, what is the. What's the actual, like, heuristic that we're trying to get at? What describes, right? Tool use.
timyu: Like a good question. I haven't thought about this one too much. Yeah, it would be different for everyone, and it does seem pretty subjective, but for certain types of tasks, there's definitely a way to objectively list some criteria for people to meet. So in the study, got example. Like how. How. How does someone even know that, like, what the AI Gave was bad? And this is just all. I guess this all determines on like for example, chat history, context. Like my friend, he gave like files that included last year's exam and essentially all ChatGPT was telling to only study that one file. And. And then this is just a bit of, like, human intuition that you need to know that, like, that's probably not best. Like, the best. Like, it just. If it feels off, then it is wrong. And I think in these kinds of subjective scenarios, human tuition is just going to be the best way to go about it, even if it is a bit subjective.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay? Okay, interesting. Can you. Can you kind of describe. What is your harness that you personally use to get through your Chicago? So, like what? You mentioned openclaw, you mentioned Claude code. In Terminal. Like, just what is the whole stack of what you use? And what's like. What's like walk me? I mean, you mentioned Google, like, Notebook. Yeah, Walk me through the stack.
timyu: Yeah, the full tech stack. Yeah. So for, like, vibe coding, a lot of projects and applications, open cloud code, those are good for, like, having other agents run the background, but, like, the main tool will still just be, like, a cursor of opus, like 5.4.6 or something, like 5.2 or something. One of the best, like, agents. For fully generating lots of code and yeah for like for continuing on the web like deployment side Supabase is uses like they host databases. Vercel is good for deploying anything immediately to the web. And yeah, those are. That is mainly on the tech side for, like, the school side. ChatGPT3Pro is really good at handling. Like, there's this YC company called Willow. They do. They're very good at voice dictation. So I will, like, use Willow because speaking is more natural than typing and. Faster. So Willow I'll use Willow and speak as detailed of a request and prompt as I can into ChatGPT and then AI to giving the AI as much context is always good. And it usually can like format like this long, like really long paragraph of like spoken words into like something very intelligible because most important thing is context is only, you know, all the context you have to get the best, like, output possible. Notebook. LM is great during, like, midterms final season. It takes in, like, for example, all the lecture slides and then creates, like, very custom study guides, practice exams. It's like an AI with, like, a quizlet, but, like, way better and way more efficient. And the final part of the text sac, I would say, is the mental part. So just to get through school, like, we have to just really prioritize school. Like, you can't, like, be socializing too much or doing, like, too many clubs. Like, most important thing is just, like, having your priorities straight of school and then other things for mental clarity, like the gym and sleeping enough are and eating healthily are all like part of like the mental side.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. How do you do the. You know, you mentioned that human intuition is still the best gauge of. Quality. For AI outputs. What is your process of quality control for AI outputs? There are a bunch of different ways people can do that. Like, what's your approach?
timyu: Yeah. To build the human tuition. It bestly comes with lots of practice. So for example, so when I first like was using like voice dictation and reading the outputs and like going with the outputs, I would like, I would just, you know, I have nothing to base off my previous expectations. So this will be the control. Case. So I implement the control case, and then I just see, like, how things have changed. Like, in my life or in this specific project, if things are going good, then I will trust that. Okay, that was a good output. My intuition would, like, favor that response a little bit, but if, like, you know, if you're my. Friend's example. Like, the test wasn't like, remotely even similar to his last year exam, so. Okay, that's how you know that was really bad output. It's because the results in real life were not good. So your intuition knows in the future to not trust those responses as well.
Nathan Peereboom: Wait. Can you. Can you. Like, wait, so in my understanding, right, that you basically don't have a QC process before, there's, like a real world outcome. So if you were, like, studying, if you were using a tool to study for a stat exam, you're like, I'll use the tool, I'll do the stat exam, and then based on what happens in the STAT exam, then I'll use that output, then referentially critique the beginning of the build of the study guide.
timyu: Yeah, exactly.
Nathan Peereboom: Interesting, okay. Cool. Everyone's hyped on. AI, give me a contrarian take. What are people getting wrong? What's something that you would say? Hey, this is. This is the Tim doctrine that you know that I have a lot of people. You're not going to agree with me. A lot of people don't agree. With me, but this is what I believe.
timyu: Yeah, great question. A lot of people I assume the majority of prevailing opinions people are not don't like AI in the fact that like it is reducing job security but the contrarian take is and I got this from Novil Ravicant. And his biggest take on this was, we should all hope that all of our jobs were taken by AI, because AI will never truly be conscious and sentient. So if it can take every labor job, like coding, like quant trading, like building slide decks, like talking to clients, we should let it take every single manual labor job. And as a result, no one we left to do anything except things that are truly creative. And humans are the only ones that can be truly creative because of our conscious consciousness and sentience. Like AI can create new art, like for example, by mixing a bunch of old arts strained on its data sets in the past, but it will never create something truly new or creative because it just doesn't have the like vision and three dimension and like higher level thinking that humans do. So when AI takes every manual labor job, only humans will be left with creative jobs. And we're meant to do creative jobs anyways. It was what brings everyone true fulfillment. So I hope to see the day when they were all labor jobs and manual jobs have been taken by AI and everyone is truly left to do their creative tasks of creating.
Nathan Peereboom: Got it. Can you defend this point a little bit more like. Again. I'll just give the devil's advocate. Position. Humans. Are just the product of, like, the thoughts that have gone into their head, too. Like, to say that AI Is not truly creative because it's simply entombing the stoichiostic patterns of human writing and human imagery. Same thing for people. People are, you know, they're born into a culture. They have a set of experiences and commas, and they have neurobiology that's kind of unique to them, but ultimately like, you know, a standard set of hardware. And this creativity point is. It's this. It's this blanket. It's this teddy bear that we hold because we're afraid of the idea that we've created something that's equal or better than us. But actually, it's just that it's like emotional softness. Are you against me? Tell me why you think that's wrong.
timyu: Okay, I can think of three points. First point is true. Like, I guess true human ingenuity does like, does really like outsign like past data set like mosh together with like, with like AI Definitely will help push like the frontier of research and maybe even in its own in research of AI. But it can, like, do all this heavy computational power, but We've still seen limits of opcoding. We've still seen limits of like. Like, for example, in computer science, like, we're talking about people who've discovered more efficient algorithms. Like for example, Bubai is a professor here who has like almost solved graph isomorphism in a quasi polynomial time. But like, there's just no way like AI can fully define its own algorithm to like see it. But it can do a lot of the computational like checking. So it will be like the assistant researchers assisting a main researcher. And for the majority of humans, the AI will probably just be better than them. But we still need like a super theoretical Math or Physics PhD to understand the laws of the universe and et cetera, et cetera.
timyu: Yeah, that would be the main point would just be like, Yeah. Just pushing back on the claim that AI would be as fully, like, creative or groundbreaking as a human.
Nathan Peereboom: Ok. Again, just. Just, like, pushback. It's like a hardware issue. Like, these models are getting way better. They're not fully. We're not through scaling laws or transformer and scaling laws yet. After that, there's going to be even better technology we can't even imagine because the AIs are designing it like you're thinking about a point in time, but, like, actually the right way to think about AI is that it's this curve that we're riding up and there's no defensible limit. That is below a human being for something that is fundamentally deductive or fundamentally like about arranging and finding patterns. You know, for example, like in science or, you know, you know, molecular design or algorithmic design or, you know, anything particular that's mechanical, that obeys the laws of some set of laws of physics.
Nathan Peereboom: But again, push back, because I want to be convinced.
timyu: The main point I'd have to. The counteract would be like true, like consciousness and like sentience. That that would be the main, like distinguisher between like AIs and human at this point. As like as as far advances AI. Yes, it will always still be just someone's algorithm of code to program to like response this way, or to do this task and do it this way, et cetera. As we also have like science. We don't even understand our own consciousness. And there's no, so there's no way we are able to ever like, can never even know how or even if it is like, able to be fully reproduced. And this like consciousness, consciousness and sentience just would just be the only thing left in your case where AI has officially, like, surpassed humans in every single way. And I will say that the only thing, after talking to lots of, like, you know, founders and people and that stuff, and just people in general, there's so many different, like, peoples, like, visions of the future, of what their predictions are and that. The only thing that we know is that we don't know what will happen. So I think there could be a case in the future where I'm totally wrong. And AI is like, I guess, fully sentient and smashing humans in every way and ability. But my own prediction would be that it will not be sentient or conscious. And this will further imply that it will never. Like that's what truly makes cell creativity.
Nathan Peereboom: Gotcha. Okay. Is this a spiritual point or performance point? Like. Like, would you be able to tell the difference in the output or. Or you saying something that's more about, like, a mystical relationship. Like. Like what it. Yeah, like, I can't tell, actually, if. If you're saying something performance related or something like essentially theology, like.
timyu: That's very interesting. Yeah. In the main example of art, most people probably would not be able to tell. That if, like, the new thing, it's very hard to distinguish if it's, like, actually human related or, like, AI related, even though it was, like, one way. So the performance output may be skewed. So in that case, it would have to be from, like, the ideological, spiritual sense of something, of what is and what isn't in like, almost like a first forms way.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay? Cool. Interesting. All right, listen. Tim. I gotta run. Here's what we're going to send you a project that's like a test project. And it's going to be very doable. It's going to take you a few hours. And then we'll review the output of that. It's going to obviously be something that you build with AI the role here is just like. You know it's going to be hard. And we just want to see, like, how wily you are. Like, it's really, like, a question of wildness. And secondly, it's going to be a question of attention to detail because, you know, the thing you're describing. Which I'll. I will say gives me pause. Is this idea that you test an AI system by looking at what happens in the real world. The problem is that when you work in healthcare, if you do that, you could, like, you know, have a really bad outcome. And so for this exercise, I'm going to encourage you to perhaps artificially inject some quality control. Before you send it. So that, you know, just so, like, we kind of have a sense that that's part of your process. But this has been a really fun conversation. I very much enjoyed this, and I think that based on how you think and what you know and the tools you use, like, you should do pretty well with the project. So we're going to send that in the next few days and just get it back to us as soon as you can, okay?
timyu: Awesome.
Nathan Peereboom: All right. Sweet man. Thank you. Enjoy the time with your mom and dad.
timyu: Thank you for your time. It's been great talking to you, Nathan.
Nathan Peereboom: Totally. All right, cool. Thanks, tim.
timyu: Take care.
Nathan Peereboom: Bye.