Nathan Peereboom: Hi, borry. How are you?
Boray Thach: Hi. I'm doing well. How are you?
Nathan Peereboom: Good, good. It's nice to meet you.
Boray Thach: Oh, pleasure of mine.
Nathan Peereboom: My name's nate. I'm the CEO and co founder of jot psych. I think that you talk to my colleague jack. Is that right?
Boray Thach: I did, yes.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay? Great. And when you guys spoke, how did you meet? What was that conversation? And I know that Jack scheduled you, obviously, on my calendar, to talk about this billing analysis promotion that we've got, and I'd love to kind of walk you through it, but before we do. Yeah, we just love some context.
Boray Thach: Yeah. You asked me about billing, Any problems I ran into so far in mind, you got. I told Jack that my business is very new, so I have no numbers to work with right now. I don't think I'll be beneficial. I won't really benefit much from the right at this moment. But I would love to hear you guys out and see what you guys have to offer so that in your future. I like to move forward. I would, you know, possibly look into moving forward with you guys. Just knowing you guys, you know, are out there. But Jack has been great, very informative. Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: Amazing. Well, Borate, tell me about your world. Bring me into. I mean, I see that you work at Pacific Ridge. Is that a company that you just started?
Boray Thach: Yes. So congrats. Thank you so much. Yeah. No. So we've been over for about a month now. About a month? Month and a half. It's a mental health residential treatment facility. So there's 16 beds. I'm sorry, 16 rooms with the beds.
Boray Thach: And these patients get discharged from mental health facilities. I'm not sure. Where you're at right now, but like, you know, mental health facilities, interstate hospitals and attenturies and whatnot. But our goal and our mission is to ultimately slowly integrate these residents into the community. Because, you know, my background and mental health. It can be quite challenging, you know, just staying at a hospital. You know, you have no. You would have 90. How many times I would hear a patient tell me, I don't want to be here. I'm like, I get it. You and I both, you know, but no. So I really want to create this homie environment for them to kind of prepare them, eventually helping get, you know, Section 8 housing or the Gosh program. But we really want to provide them with the life skills. You know, I'm contracting with, like, Jim, the gym right next door so I can say, hey, let's go. Yeah, let's go do some activities. Let's get you slowly acquainted with the community, those around you. You know? But also provides mental health services as well, like medication.
Nathan Peereboom: Really cool.
Boray Thach: Wow.
Nathan Peereboom: What a. What an amazing program to be building. And also just incredibly, like, entrepreneurial, like, to go out and, you know, stand up like a new, a new clinic is. It's brave. It's exciting. When you think about also, do you go by Dr. Thatch or do you go Vibora?
Boray Thach: Well, the official name is Dr. Thatch or Dr. Bo, but. But I. But it's only. I don't really. It doesn't really matter to me. I mean, I. I still go by, you know, you can call me hey, you, or, you know, I mean. I source, I'll also respond. But then my. My credentials there so that people know who they're reaching out to.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, okay, great. Well, I'm happy to go with Dr. Thatch. So, Dr. Thatch, do you. When you think about Pacific Ridge, like, what's the thing that keeps you up at night? Like, when you're. When you're, like, you know, trying to fall asleep and you can't, what's the thing that you're worried about?
Boray Thach: In terms. I'm sorry, was that quite creepy to question one more time?
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, like, you know, you're starting this new business. What is the thing that keeps you up at night? What do you worry about with specific Ridge.
Boray Thach: It would have to be my residence and also my staff. Just given. Given the fact that, you know. Well, you know my stat. Possibly getting hurt from the residents because the residents do struggle with cognitive impairment. And their executive functioning is impaired. You know, it can cause some strain on not only the residents, but also the patient, the staff. Sometimes. You know, schizophrenia could make a resident believe that they are being followed. Or they're, you know, they're. They shouldn't be at the facility. Nobody wants them in the facility. Not to get out of facility, then I have to go find a patient. Because then again, this resident, the facility is an open door. Typically an open door facility, so they can walk in and walk out as if it's their own home. That's what I'm most concerned about. Yes.
Nathan Peereboom: Gotcha. Yeah. Can you just, like, tell me more about that? Like, what is the thing? What's, like, a bad outcome or, like, what's something that could go wrong in that. In that situation?
Boray Thach: First of all, from like, ultimately the, you know, resident could get into something to danger. Some of them have history of substance use disorder, can probably relapse. But from a business standpoint, What happens is the resident gets a daily rate. But once they leave or elope, it can bring the daily rate down. We won't get the full daily rate of the resident.
Nathan Peereboom: Gotcha. Okay, so when you talk to Jeff, did you guys talk about billing? Is billing like the thing? Is it like the revenue piece of that makes you kind of worried?
Boray Thach: The billing. Well, I do have a biller that with the bill, the biller typically handles the. So the remedy of a mental health facility is a little bit different because what happens is. The, the biller would bill the MCOs, which, you know, is like Molina Healthcare, United Healthcare. All the other insurances out there. That were associated with. And then what happens is we would in turn get paid by the MCOs and also the state.
Nathan Peereboom: Gotcha. Okay, yeah, that makes sense. Now, Dr. Thatch, have you ever, like, you mentioned that you have a billing company? I also see that, you know, when Jack reached out to you, he said that you were interested in our billing solution.
Nathan Peereboom: What brought that up for you? Like why? Why are you interested in other billing solutions? Giving. You already have a biller.
Boray Thach: Well, not necessarily. I'm not. I wouldn't say I'm fully interested in the. The biller for your services jet only because right now I have one for this facility. She's also going to take over my second facility. But I'm hoping what's going to happen is I'm going to open up more businesses, which may kind of navigate away from the MCO aspect, right? So that's the. That's the thing. I wanted to kind of learn a little more about you guys. And see what you guys have to offer.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, cool. Yeah, well, I'm happy to walk you through it. Last question that I promise. I'll. I'll do some talking myself. Have you ever used an AI scribe? Is that on your radar? What's your feeling about AI scribes writ large right now?
Boray Thach: Well. AI scribes. I don't necessarily use it. I do. I mean, I I I appreciate AI for sure. For example, charting for my presence. I've. I have a system that's already charting. It's where you just click the boxes. The answer is articulately already there.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah.
Boray Thach: So it can be quite interesting. Yeah. No, I mean, unless they're writing a narrative, then I think quite beneficial. But, yeah, absolutely.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, Gotcha. So you are not. But more than that, you don't feel like charting is, like, a big administrative burden? I guess that's. That's what I'm hearing.
Boray Thach: Not for me. No, not for my administrator. Is mainly by my lpns, my cnas. And my rn.
Nathan Peereboom: Gotcha. Okay, great. Well, that's really helpful. Let me give you a little bit of background on kind of who we are and what we do.
Nathan Peereboom: And, you know, I'll maybe just start with some of, like, a personal history. So I started Jot Psych with my best friend from college about three and a half years ago, and we originally started the company because. My parents worked in medicine and I was really of the opinion that it was crazy that they did as much charting as they did. I mean, we. I would, like, come home at, you know, 10:00 at night and my parents would still be up on their laptops. And it sounds like that's not a problem for you or your residents, but, you know, in a lot of fields in medicine, obviously it is. But what we did was we decided to focus on behavioral health. You know, inpatient, outpatient addiction medicine. Neurotic, normal therapy, social work, the whole. The whole spectrum. And what we found was that the reason, the underlying reason that business owners were hiring us to do notes was because they were worried about insurance companies clawing back their revenue. That was like the core fear. The core fear was, hey, insurance companies make money by not paying people. And I don't mean that in a you know, vindictive way. I just mean, like, that's. That's kind of part of the business model. And there are all these more sophisticated tools that help them go through your notes. And essentially figure out technicalities to deny Charon. So we built jot psych into a revenue focused. AI scribe. And what that means. And what that meant was that everything about the way that we created JOT Psych was around making sure that you were protected. And compliant as you were scaling your practice. So, you know, we call ourselves the AI engine that turns every behavioral health node into revenue. You know, we make sure every node is audit proof, every claim is accurate, and every clinician gets paid for their care. We do all. You know, the software itself is really simple. You just click, you know, record, you make a note. That note is built based on rules and guidance. From public sources like Aetna, Optum, Cigna, Apa, Ama, cms. But it's also built on your private rules. So you know, you can, you know, when you get a note in job site, you're shown exactly like why it was written that way, which, you know, people find really helpful. I'm not going to go through all of this. And I'm going to leave kind of the HIPAA compliance stuff out. But, you know, it is kind of some. You know, the statistics are sort of crazy and they're just getting worse. They're 84% of behavioral health documents have some form. Of a defect that could allow them to get clawed back. And about 30% of denials are. Or 30% of claims are denied for some version of a documentation risk. So it's kind of wild. And so when we think about what Jobs like does, there's like, basically three things we try and do. One, we want to save your clinicians time. Two, we want to make sure your notes are fantastic. And three, we want to make sure your notes are submitted quickly so that there's not a compliance risk or, or a working capital problem where, where all of a sudden, you know, money gets tied up in a biller. Or a pair. So that's kind of. That's the initial. That was the initial offering, and that's the main product. Now, what we've also branched into is just having a billing service. So our billing service is a uniting of that system. And the whole billing process. So we thought to ourselves, okay, wait, if we're already writing a pair aware note, And we already know that it's going to be audit proof. We should actually just do the whole thing for clinicians so that they can just practice clinical care. So the way that it works, if you're on our billing program, is we show you whether the patient's eligible, you see the patient, we write the note, you sign the note, and you're done. We deal with every part of the billing process after that. So we do these hyper vigilant eligibility checks. We have pairware documentation, as I mentioned, but we'll also, for example, fight for continuation of care. We'll do automated appeals. We'll detect if there's underpayment. We'll read through all your payer documents and make sure that your daily rate is in line with the national rates. And that you're actually getting paid that rate, and we can also facilitate billing, collections and things like that.
Nathan Peereboom: So let me pause there, I guess. Does that all make sense upfront?
Boray Thach: Yeah, it definitely does make sense. The so I can definitely see how it can make a huge difference when it comes to charting. And after he makes again, definitely decreased time and that's needed for charting, for sure, you know.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, totally. And. But. But I think that for you, what I'm Hearing from you, Dr. Thatch, is that you don't worry that much about the time. For you, it's like, more a compliant and billing risk. That you would be abating. It wouldn't. It's. It doesn't sound like your. Like, overwhelmed by your charting, is that right?
Boray Thach: Yeah, I'm not so overwhelmed right now. For chart I'm turning yet. And that's the thing. When we're just clicking. Similar to Epic, where it's not as extensive charting. But I. I do foresee that eventually, if we should, we move forward. Should we move forward should we move forward with. What am I talking about? The pilot. There it is. Starting. Yes. Definitely. We'll let you know for sure.
Nathan Peereboom: Would you like me to. Oh, sorry. Are you interested in a pilot program? Would you like me to, like, help set that up for you?
Boray Thach: Not at the moment, but they'll definitely give me more information if. Via email, if you're okay with that.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, sure. Just out of curiosity. When you think about, you know, the. The downsides of a pilot. Like, what. What would be a reason to not do a pilot program? And it's totally, like, completely. I'm actually just curious about, like, the honest answer. So you don't. You're not going to hurt my feelings or anything, but, like. Tell me about what excites you about this. But more importantly, what doesn't excite you. Like, what makes you feel like not the right time.
Boray Thach: Only because we're just very new. I don't see any issues right now when it comes to the charting and all that right now. But if I do run into something, if I do a C, I know the trend. I can definitely benefit for for sure. But. We're looking at a pilot. It's just the time. It's really hard. I mean, even making this meeting, it's kind of a little bit hard at the puzzle strings to move some meetings around.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, yeah. Okay? Last question. Are you guys all credentialed? Like, sometimes people, like, there are two kind of, like, introductory products that we offer folks. One is the JOT bill analysis, where we essentially look at, you know, your insurance contracts and, you know, any kind of records that you have. But even if you just have insurance contracts, we can give you, like, an analysis of that. But then the other thing that we sometimes help folks with is credentialing. Are either of those things that would be helpful to you guys right now?
Boray Thach: I don't think so. Not at the moment.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay? All right. Well, Dr. Thatch, thanks for your time today. When would be a good time for me to reach out again?
Boray Thach: Go ahead, shoot me some dates and I'll try my best to work around that. Yes, some days and times, that's what me and Jack did. We played it by ear. Jenny is super, super, super helpful. Trying to work with my schedule just giving that so busy and whatnot. But I will, yeah, definitely have Jack, orchestra, something. Let me look at some dates and then near a couple weeks here and we'll look at something, yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, great. Just in terms of, like, general timeline, like, do you. Would you like me to reach out, like, next week, In a few weeks, In a few months? Like, just. What's the general. I don't want to bug you. I mean, that's the. The TLDR here. Dr. Thatch is like, I. Don't want to waste your time. I don't want to waste our time.
Nathan Peereboom: So, like, if, you know, I don't want to reach out before. You would be excited about, you know, reengaging.
Boray Thach: Right. Let's do the next few months only because I'm opening up the Steve building here and. Once I look at the second building, I'll definitely keep you in tune with that situation going across that bridge.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay. All right. Sounds good. Thanks, Dr. Thatch.
Boray Thach: Thank you so much, Nathan. Thank you so much, Jack.
Nathan Peereboom: All right. Bye. Bye.