Sara Gena Israel: Stand it up some of the way that I chart. Some colleagues. So I figured I try it. I do try it on a few evaluation. I guess you can kind of program it or have it set, because what I noticed was that it's very long right now. It's better narrative. It's just a lot of information, so I'm quite sure I can customize this.
Ryan McAnelly: Yeah, absolutely. So if you don't mind. If you can. Let's share your screen. Let's jump into your jotsyc trial account. I can walk you through on how to train your notes. So going forward. Exactly the way that you want them to be.
Sara Gena Israel: Okay, so I'm just here to share stream right here. Didn't do it. I need to select the tab. Hold on. Okay?
Ryan McAnelly: Perfect.
Sara Gena Israel: So here's one. For example, Diddy evaluation. As you can see, it's just a lot.
Ryan McAnelly: Oh, yeah.
Sara Gena Israel: There's, like, a lot here. I mean, you had a lot of information there to the information. I guess I need to know how it's easy. Because I had to go and change it to say site? No, because it was just kind of bringing up on progress notes. I guess that's an overview how it works and how I can customize this to what I want.
Ryan McAnelly: Absolutely. So let's take the summary section, for example. So if we can. So on the side there, where it says AI Notices system at the bottom right hand corner, you can put in on a typical summary. What do you like? Do you like bullet points or what do you like that to look like?
Sara Gena Israel: Summarize it. What's concise, to the point?
Ryan McAnelly: So if you want. So in the bottom right hand corner that AI notices that you can put in. Let's change my summary to be a little bit more concise and to the point and then. Please make sure all notes going forward follow the same. Guidelines. Perfect as it's thinking. My colleague Adam jumped on the call here. He's an expert on software, so if there's any deep questions that we need to get answered, he can jump in.
Adam Harrison: Hi, Sarah. Nice to meet you.
Sara Gena Israel: Nice to meet you. So happy too. Well, y'all can't see me.
Ryan McAnelly: All right, Perfect. So even. Let's look at so yes. If you want to hit click yes. Train this if that looks the way that you want it to for the summary.
Sara Gena Israel: Yeah. And I probably if tweaking it along the way, but just knowing that I can do that.
Ryan McAnelly: Yeah. The HDI section, you can do the same thing however you want and then you can tweak it to fit your needs there.
Sara Gena Israel: All right, so, yeah, I can definitely do that. You have a lot of. You capture a lot of information, so I do like that. Oh, absolutely. I just needed to be a customer. Let me ask you a question. Let's say it takes the transfer. Am I able to from that same transfer through someone to say, hey, do an add on psychotherapy? From that same friendship.
Ryan McAnelly: Yeah. So you should be able to jump in and, Adam, correct me if I'm wrong, you should be able to jump in and produce more than one note from the same transcript.
Adam Harrison: Yep, absolutely. So if you go to the top where. Top left, under the patient name where it says psychiatric intake, you could just click that and then you could pick. It looks like you have three other template options right now. We can. We can add more if you want, like an intake, you know, template, or you have intake, right?
Sara Gena Israel: Now, if you wanted, I probably would probably do like a psychiatry initially. I, you know, change things. I do a follow up, metaphysic follow up. Add on psychotherapy and I usually do, like, lifestyle strategies to life, that medicine type stuff. Not too many different things. That intake will be good as well.
Adam Harrison: Okay. Yeah. So if you click one of these other ones. So go ahead and just pick one, it'll generate a new note for you. And then you won't lose your current note, so that'll still be there, and you can just kind of go back and forth between them. Now, you know, if you want to get more advanced in the. In the details here. And we can also save that for another day if you're just wanting to kind of get the basics down for right now. But we can go through and kind of build and customize different templates for you. If you're not seeing, you know that what you're getting right here, it's like if we're missing some kind of fundamental sections, we can. We can, like, work on building custom ones for you.
Sara Gena Israel: Okay, I did see somewhere that you can build. Some sections. But this is important for me to know because sometimes I do. Usually when I do my psychic evaluation, I'm always adding a second. But sometimes when I do my follow ups, I do listen to time. I don't. So it's good to know that if I do, I can just add that. In there. Okay. I take a look at it. I haven't. Like I said, I haven't had a chance to play with it. Is this about to end? After three days. Could that be extended or, you know, we started over. Because I wasn't sure I was sick. And then I haven't had a tablet to sell only since yesterday. Because you can see March to 5th.
Ryan McAnelly: Yeah. We should be able to extend your trial period out there.
Sara Gena Israel: So that way I can take a really good look at it. It makes it adjustment. So now I see that I can use AI Assistant with us. And then I did see something about buildings now. Can I build on my own, my own time, or do I? And in fact, if I have difficulties, is that when I can reach out, you help me to show me how to set work, or you can kind of show me these three things, because I know I'm going to have to go ahead and add different. Expected.
Ryan McAnelly: Yeah. So we can. We're here to help you as, you know, help go over different aspects of the software and help you build different stuff. So we're definitely here as a resource, but we also have videos and different articles that are great resources as well that we can forward you for.
Sara Gena Israel: Do you want to just tell me some of the features that you have that make you stand out? Then if you can just briefly just touch on a building? Because I'm going to try that. I am going to drive myself. To see.
Ryan McAnelly: Yeah, absolutely. So if we want to go in, we want to build a brand new note. You can go up to documentation. Down to note templates. And from here, we can build our own. So you can either upload a template that you're currently using, so if there's a format that you use that you like currently, Upload that here, and then the software can build that for you. Or you can choose from the pre built library that we have in the system.
Sara Gena Israel: Okay? Okay, well, you can start. Okay. All right, so let me just see here.
Ryan McAnelly: So here you can, if you have it in a PDF form, your current template, you can put it here, or you can even just paste. Copy and paste from what you're currently using. And then the software, like I said, will come in and build that for you. Or you can build from scratch. So in the bottom left hand corner, the start from scratch. And then here, you can completely customize what you're looking for by clicking Add section. And then you can scroll through and see the different sections that we have so you can build that template to be exactly what you need. For your business. And one of the other cool features too, is that you can send out forms to your patients ahead of the head of your appointments. So under documentation again, You scroll down to forms. And then from this section, you can click on a different patient that you might have already in the system and send a different form or different information there that you might need. Appointments.
Sara Gena Israel: Is there a selected forms or something here?
Ryan McAnelly: If you can click on for Bridget, for example.
Sara Gena Israel: Oh, you suggested forms based on a diagnosis.
Ryan McAnelly: Yep. And then this will get pulled into your notes, and it'll get pulled into the patient information.
Sara Gena Israel: Okay. And how distant about text, email.
Ryan McAnelly: Adam. I believe it's by email, correct.
Adam Harrison: So I think it will default to sms. But I think you may have the option to switch it to email once you go through the whole setup process. But usually it's text, in our experience, that just, you know, is where it's kind of easiest to reach people and where you get the highest response rate.
Sara Gena Israel: Yeah, that is true. But if someone does don't want you to send up a text, you are able to send that email, is that correct?
Adam Harrison: I think for forms.
Adam Harrison: I'll have to double check, actually, but I believe so.
Sara Gena Israel: And how would I do that? I just said or nothing, but.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, we could go through it now, quickly, if you want. So go ahead and click next. So you would just put how you want your name to show up. It could be your name, could be your practice name.
Sara Gena Israel: Yeah. This couldn't example. Then I hit next. Phone number, okay? And then that's it. And then I get a confirmation that they received it, read it, or how does that work, or completed it.
Adam Harrison: So yes. You can see on the left hand side. It'll show a log. Like where it's blank right now. Where it says no forms found. That's where they would all show up. Like all of your forms that you sent, whether they've been completed or not, if you do, like a Gad 7 Phq 9, you can see their scores. You can track their scores over time. Like in a. We have, like, a charting tool that does that. What else? Intake forms you can do as well. And all that info will go into their patient profile, you know, demographic information, insurance. And then we do also, you know, I'm not sure what you do for your, like, billing. And collecting copays and things like that, but you can also. Like request payments directly and collect payments directly through Jotsec, and then it'll deposit directly into your. Your business checking account.
Sara Gena Israel: Okay? And these are the forms that you have only right now, is that correct?
Adam Harrison: Yeah. So these are kind of the default ones if you go to build new form on the top. You can actually kind of like, create your own. So you can, if you have, like, an existing form, you can just, like, upload a photo or PDF or document in the middle option. Or you could use our AI generator tool and you could just say, like, yeah, you know, I want to create, you know, an intake form that includes, you know, age, gender, demographic information, includes past, you know, maybe like clinical information you want to collect or something like that. And it'll generate a form for you with AI. So lots of options if you want to customize. Maybe an existing form that we already have or bring your own.
Sara Gena Israel: Okay, that sounds good. What have happened? Like, you know, I had, like, an intake cube form, and for some people, like, who go to my website, And I have a poem that I created that they fill out. But if I'm going to be using this for eight, you know, for AI Stride, is there a way that I could put a link. Like out external, like on my senate student, I would say my website. Or that when they book an appointment and give this ink that they need to fill out this intake form, Or questionnaire, and then I'd have it here. In jazz. Site. So that way, when I do the initial evaluation, all that stuff is dairy transfer over. Saving time. Is that an option like that? Too.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, great question. So right now, this. We don't have that option, so. So you would have to just, like, you know, once. Once they're like scheduled, you know, send them like an intake form, be a jot site, and it would fill out that way. So we, we don't really have like a web based option at the moment.
Sara Gena Israel: Okay? But if I do send it from, just put it in there. And the information that they included. Will read that information, and it stands on max if they have allergies. Would it read that information and just remember it and put it in and I'm doing the evaluation.
Adam Harrison: I'm sorry, I'm not sure I follow your listing.
Sara Gena Israel: They completed answer and on an intake phone, for example, they have mentioned. Yes. So when I go in, I have my session within. I recorded the information that they included in the intake form. I say I don't ask for that visit. Will it take the information from the intake form or just included in the AI or somehow incorporated the information?
Adam Harrison: Oh, you mean in your note? Will it be your note? Yeah, so it will. It will be reflected in, in the note. Like, you know, it has all of the patient information as context, so intake form, you know, kind of assessment scores. You know, recordings, sessions that you've done with patients. So all of that is context that is reflected in the, in the note that gets created. So even, like, if you did a. You know, you. You're on your fifth session with a patient. It will reference like, hey, you know, the patient made progress on, like, this issue you discussed maybe two sessions ago or something like that. So I would say the more, the further along you go, the kind of richer the note will be as it builds more of that patient, patient context and background.
Sara Gena Israel: When it comes. I see there's areas where the DMS cross reference that and give you suggestions based on your session. Hey, this is generalizing validity. This. Is that what that session is for that section?
Adam Harrison: Which section? Sorry, I missed that.
Sara Gena Israel: It was a section. Let me go back to the note. When you get. So let's say this. Right here. Is this coming from me with a diagnosis? Well, they just. Well, this is coming up based on the information.
Adam Harrison: Yeah. So everything you see here is just generated based on the session. So it's just based on the transcript and the recording. Now, of course, like, this is. I would think of this as more of like a starting point for diagnoses, codes. That's obviously much more something that, you know, you, as a clinician. Are going to want to have your own kind of, you know, you're going to need to obviously, like, review that and make sure that you, you know, you agree with that assessment. But that is something that is generated based on, based on purely the transcript with the, you know, kind of understanding that you would be you. Know, kind of the finer final reviewer approver of, like, what you believe the. The diagnosis is.
Sara Gena Israel: But I just like that it has some of these codes here.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, it's meant to just give kind of a starting point that you can kind of, you know, modify, take what you like, remove what you don't like. But just a good kind of starting point, usually.
Sara Gena Israel: Here. And so, yeah, I guess I can add my code, because I do see 907, 9, 2. Which is, you know, I do use, but I also use the 990-to-4. And then the new evaluation. Okay? So it looks like they have the schedule. I guess when I saw that. What the c. Umin. What if they look under the labs existing lives that I collected or lab resource coming in here? Trying to, like, fluster? Something like that. What is this? Can you order labs from here?
Ryan McAnelly: So through here you can. You can order new labs through there on the right hand side. Right here on the drop down. So you can. You can do the drop down and then add. Again, for example. I'm going to. Then go down and you can add whatever lab tests are needed there.
Sara Gena Israel: Okay, and what does this standard to Is anywhere Or this is just to give them like a printout that they receive on request and some others. So do this just send them like an order form and where they can take it where they want to or.
Adam Harrison: Exactly. Yeah, exactly. So this will generate the order form. It doesn't send directly, but we have like a one click option. You can send it to the patient. If they're taking the order form, you know, you can download it. Yourself. You know, you can. You can email it whatever you need to do, but it doesn't send directly to Quest right now.
Sara Gena Israel: What is this? Coach, what is this?
Adam Harrison: Yeah, so this is. This is something. It's kind of like if you have very specific documentation rules that you want applied in your, like, care or clinic. It's a little bit more intended for kind of like, group practices. If you have, like, a large number of clinicians and you want to have everyone sort of. Documenting in a consistent way. This is a tool that basically helps you kind of follow, like, the guidelines across your clinic. So I would say for right now, are you in a group practice or are you solo provider?
Sara Gena Israel: Here. So do we get, like, a fill out of the AAA or something? Pakistan. Anything else you want to tell me that I did not ask? But lady. I mean, I had to play with it. And add some more. Try to upload some stuff, documents, notes.
Ryan McAnelly: Yeah, absolutely. And definitely play around with it. You asked a lot of really good questions, but if anything else does come up along the way. So like I said, we'll extend your trial. What would be a good would. Would two more weeks work for you?
Sara Gena Israel: A couple weeks, because I don't work on Friday and I really don't work much on Monday. As well. Awesome.
Ryan McAnelly: We'll get that extended for you. But like I said, if any other questions come up or anything, you can let us know. We have a customer support team that. That, you know, monitors any questions that come into our inbox and then can help. Coach you long here and get you using jets, like, more regularly.
Sara Gena Israel: Okay? Yeah. I'm going to look at some of your videos.
Sara Gena Israel: And look at try to. Do the AI assistant. As well as try to upload some stuff, because that's so how it actually changed it. As I'm working through this now, let's say if you have a transfer, something else. Are you able to copy and paste that here and then able to sort it out for you? Information.
Ryan McAnelly: So a different. A different transcript.
Sara Gena Israel: Yeah, some of the rescue.
Adam Harrison: So sorry, just to clarify your question.
Sara Gena Israel: You mean like if I sometimes use and they record? Okay, I really don't like their AI. I'm with charm. As in like charm eating is horrible so I can continue it. So let's say. But I did record something there. I need some help with it and I'M able to upload that here. If the patient is with Bridget. And it would just formally on my formatting. Fix it up for me. Okay? So basically, can you take a transcript from somewhere else and put it over here and say, fix it?
Adam Harrison: Right now. You kind of have to do just the audio recording. To generate a note. So that is. Yeah, that is kind of like the current way it's set up. That being said, If you go to the record screen and you do a new recording. So you can on that note pad. You can copy and paste, like, any other information that's relevant. So that could be, you know, your notes. It could be, like, you know, whatever is whatever other clinical information you want or contextual information you want included. In that document, and. But it does also need the recording, so you kind of need to have both to be able to create a note.
Sara Gena Israel: So I can actually use this and have something else on the side and be typing in my notes here.
Adam Harrison: Exactly.
Sara Gena Israel: Yes, that's what I want to know. And I know some of them. I haven't tried that. I feel keepest thinking. I said if you have a question for AI. Are you able to ask AI question and they can give you information. Let's say, just let's say a depression. I said, what is depression? Will they be able to answer that question?
Adam Harrison: So we don't really have, like, a chat bot kind of thing right now. No.
Sara Gena Israel: Okay? All right. So. Okay, so I have to play with it. Not everybody. But I will be recording some more sessions. So these are the notes that I have now. I guess. No point inside. These are appointment types.
Adam Harrison: Yep, those are. Those are appointment types. So those will kind of default to different node types. So if you added, like, a new appointment type, for example, On the top. If you click on that, add new.
Sara Gena Israel: You want to set it?
Adam Harrison: Oh, it's. It's right below itself. Yeah, There you go. So, yeah, this will allow you to pick, you know, say you're doing a follow. You know, kind of like an intake session. Or an intake appointment. You know, you could pick that. I always want that to be psychiatric intake. You know, that's going to be the template it defaults to. So that. That's kind of the.
Sara Gena Israel: When I create my own, let's say, intake. I can assign it to this name? Of course. I'm a pro caller. Something different. But that way it'll pull from this all the time. Versus some of this other stuff. Is that what you're saying?
Adam Harrison: Yep, exactly.
Adam Harrison: So you could just have it pick a pick a note template automatically for you based on the appointment type and. I apologize, sir. I do have to run now to another call. But you and Ryan kind of wrap up here, and we're excited for you to give it. Give us another few weeks here and let us know what questions you have.
Sara Gena Israel: Okay.
Adam Harrison: I should be.
Ryan McAnelly: Thank you, adam.
Sara Gena Israel: Thank you. Alrighty. So I think that going to next week start working on it and trying to adjust it to how our chart is. And then from there, if I have any questions, who do I contact? You?
Ryan McAnelly: Yeah, see there's the, there's a support@jot psych.com email address. You can reach out to. And that'll be. That'll get to our support team and we'll be able to diagnose any questions. Or anything you might be needing there.
Sara Gena Israel: Perfect. So you say. I have to. What time will my trial is over.
Ryan McAnelly: Yes, I'll extend it for two more weeks. So two Fridays from now.
Sara Gena Israel: Okay. Well, I appreciate your time. And I will mean so far what you told me. It sounds great. I just had to work with it, you know, with anything you have to work with it exactly is the best one that can do the most that I would I want and like I said, I've heard a lot of great views from my colleagues. Of a try.
Ryan McAnelly: Perfect. So. And hopefully you can train the AI to do things the way you like it, so it even gets even better over time. And, yeah, if anything comes up, just let us know.
Sara Gena Israel: Thanks so much. Awesome.
Ryan McAnelly: Have a weekend.