Jack Waugh: Jack calling for Daryl. Hi Deborah this is Jack calling from Jotzyg. How are you? No problem just wanted to call to confirm take your time and do you have the I think there's. Sure actually you won't have to download anything you can just click on it right in your browser. So. It'll just be like a link that opens up there. Okay.
Dayra Soto: Good perfect.
Jack Waugh: Okay awesome yeah, I can hear you.
Dayra Soto: Can hear me okay yeah I could hear you.
Jack Waugh: Okay we got a chance to kind of check in I just basically wanted to hear about how you were finding everything using jot psych since we last
Dayra Soto: spoke it's okay I have a question it doesn't translate Spanish.
Jack Waugh: There's a way to set that up I can show you okay
Dayra Soto: show me how to do that please because I was I'm I'm finding these little glitches and I that was one of the things I have a question about how do you do it?
Jack Waugh: Yep so what you're going to do let me share my screen here.
Dayra Soto: So go to the home go to schedule is that where
Jack Waugh: you're at the schedule yeah so you see your initials up here in the upper right hand corner.
Jack Waugh: Yes okay so you're going to click that. And then down here you're going to go to languages.
Jack Waugh: Down where it's like on this little left drop down here it's the second one.
Dayra Soto: Oh here languages yeah yeah okay then I put the language.
Jack Waugh: Yeah exactly so you can check a bunch of them so you would check English which is already checked and then also check Spanish
Dayra Soto: on there okay then you'll pick up.
Jack Waugh: Yeah it'll pick up it'll pick up those correct yeah okay good just make sure you click update preferences what you once you do that
Dayra Soto: okay I did it all right because I had somebody in Spanish and I recorded it and then at the end it was just. Like. It didn't have it didn't do anything I was like there has to be a way
Jack Waugh: yeah yeah definitely no that's something we definitely handle because we know we have a lot of providers who meet with people in different languages so that was really important to us that we built that into job psych as well.
Dayra Soto: Okay another question.
Jack Waugh: Yeah.
Dayra Soto: If I have to type like a letter. You guys have like. A template or like a form.
Jack Waugh: Yeah when when you say a letter do you mean like a follow-up email or are you talking about more like a clinical
Dayra Soto: type of document clinical just for let's say somebody has claustrophobia she can't use a mask for sleep apnea yeah.
Jack Waugh: Actually we can do you one better than that we'll just automatically write you one here we have built into jot psych. So this is pretty cool you're going to click on your patients tab over here. And then just click on whichever patient you want to write them oh I
Dayra Soto: didn't I have to add the new patient
Jack Waugh: okay no problem just whenever you do this is how you would do it so you click on the patient see this little documents button it's like this little floating tab that pops up at the bottom of the screen.
Dayra Soto: Where.
Jack Waugh: Right there.
Jack Waugh: That didn't pop up for me okay let's see so when you go to patients when you click on that at the top what do you see there.
Dayra Soto: Just my patients that I've just I only added one I'm just recording
Jack Waugh: so for now just click on the one you added.
Dayra Soto: Looks like this is your first time here okay should I skip the tutorial or yeah.
Jack Waugh: And then you see this at the bottom here there's like a little panel.
Dayra Soto: Generate.
Jack Waugh: Any clinical document yep that's the one okay so now you're going to type in whatever document you'd like it to generate for you
Dayra Soto: oh wait so send forms to patient create a lab request form.
Jack Waugh: No it's at the bottom here see where it says it's it's like a little floating panel down here you might have to scroll for it to pop up.
Dayra Soto: I'm scrolling. Oh my God this is a whole platform I could send prescriptions through here
Jack Waugh: yeah you can we also do e prescribe as well.
Dayra Soto: So that means I wouldn't have to pay for my I prescribe anymore if I switched over well I already paid for it for the year.
Jack Waugh: But yeah you can definitely switch over to us and and use everything that's one of the nice things about jot psych is we're kind of meant so you can do a lot of things actually pretty much all things through jot psych rather than having to like use multiple platforms.
Jack Waugh: So it's an entire EMR yeah it really can be used that way so. It pretty much will do I mean we have scheduling we have form sending we do have the e prescribe so yes.
Dayra Soto: Okay I don't I still doesn't I still don't have that that bar but
Jack Waugh: me do you mind sharing your screen with me so I can.
Dayra Soto: Hold on because I logged on.
Jack Waugh: Again no problem.
Dayra Soto: This is what comes up.
Jack Waugh: This thing down here yep oh yeah it's the middle one.
Jack Waugh: This one this one over to the right that's the one generate documents yep and now you can type in whatever document you want it to generate.
Dayra Soto: This is not going to go to the patient right.
Dayra Soto: No no no no this is not the right this is not the right patient okay
Jack Waugh: no not unless you send it to them.
Dayra Soto: Okay and then hit generate and it's not going to go to the
Jack Waugh: right no this is it's just creating the note it's not going to send it there's a little button after it creates it that I think you could hit send on but it's not like yeah it's not going to send it to her.
Dayra Soto: Oh God this is a long no.
Jack Waugh: Yeah.
Dayra Soto: This is oh this is not what I was looking for.
Jack Waugh: What were you looking for?
Dayra Soto: Because there's a way to change that just like to who made concern patient suffers from claustrophobia general anxiety disorder panic disorder she's unable to tolerate the mask due to these symptoms. But this is giving me an entire like no.
Jack Waugh: Yes what you can do then I'm gonna here I'm gonna show you how to do this see the little assistant on the side. It's off to the left it's like a little just just tell it in that how you want it to output and then it'll it'll change the node to that format. So if you say that format plus make the note shorter just a quick whatever it'll it should reformat it that way.
Dayra Soto: It doesn't let me edit it.
Jack Waugh: Oh actually. Do you mind showing me your screen again. I'm talking about see that little sidebar there this one no over to the left. The first thing you showed me just now yeah it's at the bottom see the little chat window at the bottom that's where you're going to type it in.
Dayra Soto: It's still going to give me everything because it's still not. Okay this is just. I think I I could tweak this though right I could.
Jack Waugh: Yeah I mean if it's for some reason not outputting that way it should if did you tell it to make it shorter?
Dayra Soto: I did but it the first one says I will create a letter medical necessity stating but please tell me the patient's name date of birth treating clinicians specific CPAP device tried.
Jack Waugh: Gotcha.
Dayra Soto: It's I don't know it's giving me like all their meds giving me a whole treatment plan
Jack Waugh: okay well if you need to you can always just take on that other window you can always just take parts of it out too. Do you mind showing me one more time just so I can see.
Dayra Soto: So I try to do this and I try to hit delete and let me.
Jack Waugh: Oh. So that's because here go back to the other screen again if you don't mind. Okay let's scroll down a little. Okay now go over to the right. That's where you have to edit it is right there
Dayra Soto: I edit it here correct letter okay.
Dayra Soto: Yeah that's the editing and then what about for like my signature.
Jack Waugh: For the signature well it depends that depends mostly on how you're sending it you know so if you're sending it through another platform you can sign the note through jot psych as well.
Dayra Soto: Okay.
Jack Waugh: But it depends on entirely on what platform you're sending it on.
Dayra Soto: Okay I was just wondering like do I have to buy a stamper? Or I mean it's everything is virtual so it should be done online.
Jack Waugh: Yeah as far we definitely do have note signing through jot psych and then we have like a little send a patient tab here.
Dayra Soto: That I saw.
Jack Waugh: Okay yeah I don't know if there is for this document section if there's a signature specifically. But I do know on the main note section there definitely is a side note. Okay.
Dayra Soto: I have to play with this.
Jack Waugh: Okay makes sense so now now that I've like okay any other questions about since you were using jot psych that have been coming up.
Dayra Soto: What is that that email that says like. Follow up email.
Jack Waugh: Right that you mean like it generates that in the note yeah so basically. Based on the patient encounter that section kind of gives you a summary that if you want to like email your patient and say you know here's what we talked about today this is what your plan is etc etc.
Jack Waugh: It'll show up and kind of write that for you so you can send an email based on the session to your patient.
Dayra Soto: Okay.
Jack Waugh: Yeah so that's pretty helpful because you know it saves you the time of having to like go over that with the patient it's all like right there after. Stop recording yeah so did you find so walk me through how your experience was I know you had the one thing with the Spanish but on the other sessions did it feel like it was like doing what you were hoping for was it like saving you time.
Dayra Soto: I think the same exact time for a couple of notes. I don't have that many patients to actually say you know. I have two this week last week I had like two. One of them was a Spanish it did help for the one from yesterday morning like it was a easy follow up cool it did help. I was seeing that you have different templates that include the 90833. Now does this do billing as well.
Jack Waugh: Yeah we do so we have like a really big performance advantage when it comes to billing which is that because we have our AI scribe we can actually tell you what needs to change in the language of the note even across custom payer rules for the different insurances. So meaning you know Blue Cross hey use these you know type this type of language for Blue Cross and you just click a button and it kind of does that for you. So what I can actually do is I can set you up on a separate call for that Nate our CEO does our billing who are you using right now for for billing I just use headway they and I'm sure you are aware of this but you know headway takes like between a 20 to 30%
Dayra Soto: cut I know which is why I looking for. I'm I'm gonna get credentialed on my own.
Dayra Soto: Cool yeah I'm looking for an EMR system so that once I'm done credential then I go live by myself I have everything set in place youe know what I mean?
Jack Waugh: Oh yeah absolutely yeah and by the way that's actually something we do as well we kind of do everything from credentialing all the way through the claim submission so yeah we do I can tell you how it works basically yeah we handle credentialing we handle eligibility checks kind of like the a to Z of the whole billing process so we'll go and submit the claim on your behalf and again the nice thing is we can tell you how to make sure this note is like completely audit proof by the time it gets submitted and then we give you like an overview kind of like a financial advisor would. So why don't I do this I'm gonna go ahead and set you up on a call with Nate so you guys can talk a little bit more about billing and see what kind of solutions we might have for you there. Because then you guys can actually go in depth and I know you're interested in
Dayra Soto: the I have a question oh yes this is all done for 120 a month.
Jack Waugh: No so billing is a different fee so I'll kind of break down our different things now billing the cool thing is we take like headway and grow who take like 20 to 30 we only take a four to 8% cut. So we're much less of a cut and we only take a payment once you get paid. Gotcha so there's no there's no actual like fee involved for billing it's just a smaller percentage that we take
Dayra Soto: like if I was to pay my biller. Because Billers charge about four percent.
Jack Waugh: Correct yeah that would be the equivalent of what we charge basically but it's four percent per. Time you actually get paid you know we're not taking it across the board like if you don't get paid yeah yeah yeah yeah. And again the other nice thing is with jot bill you actually will get paid more and on time because I know you've probably experienced this things like getting underpaid different issues with like the you know codes getting denied or something in a note we're able to kind of help you prevent that from happening.
Dayra Soto: I haven't experienced that I do use AI a lot also okay make sure that I'm hitting all the. 4% for each. For each reimbursement right.
Jack Waugh: Correct. And then our e prescribe is the only other separate fee from jot psych which is I think it's 69 a month I'll double check on that.
Dayra Soto: Yeah I paid three something for the whole year for I prescribe.
Jack Waugh: Gotcha. So you can compare and contrast that I mean again the nice thing about jot psych is overall with these different products it's meant to also save you time. You know. So having that some of that time back. You might find is actually worth it to you to pay a little more for e-prescribe. But that's up to you that's something you can. Check out for yourself. And then I know I notice you were talking about also credentialing too so that's kind of where you're at right now.
Dayra Soto: Yeah. Gotcha I haven't I'm credentialed with headway I'm credentialed with my job right now but to be credentialed by myself I know I have to open another NPI I'm not there yet I haven't opened another NPI.
Jack Waugh: Yeah. That makes a lot of sense.
Dayra Soto: Yeah and I have to do I still have to get a virtual address. I'm in the process of like trying to do. One thing at a time in the while I'm trying to check out different EMRs.
Jack Waugh: Gotcha so just so you know what we do with credentialing so we handle provider credentialing so that means getting clinicians approved to like bill insurance we handle everything from the document collection CAQH profiles you know pay our applications follow up calls any deadline tracking so we kind of are able to do the whole paper trail of that so you don't have anything falling through the cracks.
Dayra Soto: And and so when I be when I'm credentialed and am I going to be credentialed through jot psych or through myself through yourself? And what do you charge for that
Jack Waugh: I believe we have a pricing that I probably should put you on with Nate to talk about because our pricing. But it's pretty standard. Okay. Let me look here to see what he has available. How is this Friday look for you?
Dayra Soto: I could do Thursday morning because Monday and Thursday they start my regular job at one o'clock.
Jack Waugh: Sure. Let me go ahead and see what he has. Would you have Wednesday morning by any chance?
Dayra Soto: Monday and Thursdays are my only more free days because I work the rest of the day is 9 30 to 5 30.
Jack Waugh: Oh he has next Monday that would work for you.
Dayra Soto: What's what date is that?
Jack Waugh: That would be April 20 okay. Okay so you said morning time right.
Dayra Soto: Yeah and it's how many times before 12.
Jack Waugh: Okay why don't we say this time 10 a.m.
Jack Waugh: Okay and your Eastern time right yeah okay perfect let me go ahead. And put that in here just give me one second. That'll just be another. Link like this.
Dayra Soto: Okay.
Jack Waugh: Awesome okay. That should be. In your email now. I sent it to DSODO 1379 at yahoo.com. Okay. Awesome yeah so you guys can talk about that then and go over everything in depth sounds good and then for today so I know your two week trial is almost up so what I can do for you for jot psych going into your first month is we're doing something for April where we're giving people two custom templates that we set up for you in case there's any other templates you want to use and kind of like unlimited customer support. So it sounds like you were getting use out of it.
Jack Waugh: So yeah yeah can I help you get set up with that first month.
Dayra Soto: No not right now I have another another EMR that I'm going to do a free for subscription and see how that goes with that one I'm shopping around okay that's totally fine definitely shopping around you said it's 120 a month
Jack Waugh: yeah so jot psych is if you pay month to month it's 150 a month if it's 150. Now if you pay for the year it's 135 a month.
Dayra Soto: Oh but I have to pay for the whole year
Jack Waugh: correct those are that's about what it comes out to. Monthly if you pay for the year.
Dayra Soto: Yeah but if I pay monthly it's 150.
Jack Waugh: Correct.
Dayra Soto: That's high. You guys are high I'm telling you I've been shopping around that's very high.
Dayra Soto: Yeah I hear you know you have you have competition too. But it's okay I'll meet with Nate sure and I'm I'll be honest I'm not I like the system but they have other ones that I'm interested in as well but that price range is a little on the steep side but I'll meet with Nate on the 20th and we'll see what he says to me about the billing
Jack Waugh: cool yeah and I hear you on that like you know being the cheapest isn't necessarily our selling point but being the best is and what that means is we're able to save you more time than most would. You know a lot of these scribes they do a lot of things well but they don't actually have specific language for psych professionals you know so the note you're getting is. Might save you some time but you're going to end up this is or this is something I hear from people anyway you end up spending a ton of time editing the note because it's not outputting the proper language well
Dayra Soto: I had to edit my note too for jot psycho there was a couple things that I had to edit so I you're going to always have to edit a note no matter what EMR you're using it's not like it's going to generate and you're going to you're not going to read and not have to you have to edit you have to edit every
Jack Waugh: no oh I should show you this that there you actually don't have to just before you I know we got to run here in a second but I want to make sure I show you this there's a way that you can actually set up a template so you don't have to edit it in the future. I think we probably didn't get to this last time. Okay so here's our note right so was there a specific section you felt like I I would like have like this to be a little different.
Dayra Soto: The diagnosis that they that they thought and I thought were two different things.
Dayra Soto: Okay you meaning that because it was a follow-up note so that they didn't really know the client they was just a follow-up visit.
Jack Waugh: You know got it so you're talking about the DSM section here okay so what you would do is you would click this right and then over here you can actually tell it from now on. You know only do diagnosis codes like this or only output these type of codes for these type of situations and it'll make that change going forward for the template Gotcha you can do that on any section too if you find having to like add too much to the summary I need it to be more detailed you can do the same thing from now on on this section. Use bullet points when talking about sleep be more detailed anyway so if you do it once the nice thing is it setups you only have to do it once and then you don't have to keep changing the note okay. So something to check out let me know how you're finding everything in the meantime I think your trial's up in a couple of days but you know keep me posted and then also get a chance to meet with Nate Monday so you guys can go even more in depth
Dayra Soto: from there okay cool well I still have access on Monday for if he has any he wants to show me anything you I think you could
Jack Waugh: just show me on show you I think so I think you'll be able to work that out with him or maybe temporary access so that should be fine.
Dayra Soto: Okay cool.
Dayra Soto: Okay all right sounds good thank you so much
Jack Waugh: yeah thanks let me know if you have any questions
Dayra Soto: in the meantime I will no problem talk bye.