cameron.hardy: Good morning, Chris. How are you doing? Well. How are you?
Christopher Hume: Awesome. Great to. Great to meet you.
cameron.hardy: You as well. I'm down here in Austin, Texas. Where are you calling from?
Christopher Hume: I'm up in D.C. i'm up in D.C.
cameron.hardy: d.C. That's my wife's favorite place. We worked for the State Department for a tour, so she had a lot of training up there, spent a lot of time up there, and we didn't move anywhere else besides Austin. That's where she'd want to go. So that's.
Christopher Hume: That's awesome. That must have been a. Yeah. Good. Yeah, it's a fun city. It's cool to see all the monuments. Right. It's like you're in a movie.
cameron.hardy: A lot of history out there. Yeah, the museums are a ton of fun. We like to go out to all those.
Christopher Hume: Yeah, no, they're awesome.
cameron.hardy: Well, very cool, Chris. I think my sdr. I think Brain. Brain something is one who reached out. And from the notes I have, it looks like you looked at Zoom Info maybe last year, but we got stalled, maybe due to pricing or timing or something else. Okay. And so I guess today what. What we typically do is like, hey, let's do a refresher. Number one, make sure you still remember everything about Zoom Info. Show you how you demo, make sure the last guy didn't miss something that's important to you. And then if timing is more aligned, let's go into pricing and see if we can put something that makes sense for you guys.
Christopher Hume: Yeah. No. And so I met with Tim a little both in between Christmas and Thanks. Or in between Thanksgiving and Christmas. And so I think the real limiting factor was just kind of coverage. We have a pretty niche space. We go after psychiatric clinics between two and 20 providers, either psychiatrists and psychiatric nurse practitioners. And unfortunately, we just, like, didn't see the coverage. Yeah, the coverage that we needed to kind of make that sort of investment.
cameron.hardy: What we'll look together then? Because we typically have the largest coverage even. Usually even with, like, specific healthcare providers and things like that. So we can go in there, see what kind. I know we've. Maybe Tim couldn't find the right search filters, but we got a ton, so we'll look together.
Christopher Hume: Okay, perfect.
cameron.hardy: Let me get a couple baseline information from you before we dive in. Are you guys using any CRM today?
Christopher Hume: Yeah, we use HubSpot.
cameron.hardy: Perfect. Have a direct integration with them. Makes it really easy.
Christopher Hume: Awesome.
cameron.hardy: And how many sales people do you have on your team right now? Ones that are actually proactively reaching out to people.
Christopher Hume: We've got four and myself, or today three and myself. So four. Okay.
cameron.hardy: And just tell me, like, high level, where do most of your customers come from today? Are you guys cold calling, knocking on doors, doing advertising, SEO, trade shows?
Christopher Hume: Load of everything. I'd say right now it's probably digital ads and referrals. We've done conferences, we're doing some cold outbound. We're starting to build up a pipeline with that. But, yeah, primarily referrals and digital ads right now.
cameron.hardy: And let's see what. I guess I'm assuming your biggest challenge, based off what you told me just a second ago, is just finding the people getting the data coverage for your market you need because you are in that niche space.
Christopher Hume: Exactly. Yeah.
cameron.hardy: Okay. Are there any other challenges you guys typically run into? Is there a bunch of wasted time? Is there not a good understanding of a sales process or anything else? You guys think there's a big gap?
Christopher Hume: No, we do. All right. Once we get people on the phone, we have issues with coverage. And again, like, just like one of the. So I trialed zoom info and for this cohort in particular, I ended up getting a bunch of like, bad numbers. So either it was like calling a fax machine or it was a wrong number or just like the infinity loop of like busy, busy, busy, which implies a bad number. So kind of finding the people is a challenge, and then making sure the coverage is good is a challenge. There's.
cameron.hardy: All right, let's go ahead and share my screen and we'll do the refresher and then we'll dive in, see if we can find your market in here. But number one, on the right website is this.
Christopher Hume: You guys, you are on the right website.
cameron.hardy: All right, perfect. And quick review of zoom info. I know you did this just a few months ago, but one of the biggest challenges we solve for even in niche markets is understanding which accounts to focus on at the right time. Gartner, which is one of the biggest research data companies out there, did a study that said even if you have all the right data coverage, if I give you every psychiatric hospital and every person who works there, you're still going to waste 90% of your time if you're doing just blanket cold outreach. So we want to help you focus on the 10% of your market that's in market. Out of all the psychiatric hospitals and, you know, healthcare providers, which ones are more likely going to meet with you, are going to buy from you? And we do that today. We have world class coverage, company and contact data, and we're the gold standard globally. We have more volume, better actually than anybody else by usually a pretty far margin. So if you get into very, very subs like specialties and maybe, or if you go after micro businesses that have no digital presence, we're not going to have everybody, but typically we're going to have more than anybody else.
cameron.hardy: And that covers like company information, firmographics, org charts, locations, hierarchies, all that stu, all the people who work there, decision makers, phone numbers, emails, addresses. However, you do your outreach for all the companies that are in Zoom Info, what we will do is track them for you. We'll take all those, you know, your target account market and then we'll start tracking their signals. And this is where this is basically our legion. Hey, out of all of them, which ones are actively shopping for AI tools or note taking tools or, you know, anything that's related to, to what you guys provide? Who's been on your website but isn't contacting you? You know, if someone's been on your website a dozen times this week and hasn't filled out your form, someone should probably call them. Are there any of those companies that have upcoming initiatives related to your products? Are there people in these networks or at chat shows you've met who got promoted, now move to new hospitals, companies, we can go sell them again. Are there companies getting funding, opening new locations, hiring new decision makers, looking at your competitors, these are the signals that we'll provide to say, hey, instead of just throwing the spaghetti to see what sticks, focus your time on these accounts, because if you do, these are the ones you're most likely going to win. And then we customize all that based off your process, your company, you know, your products, etc. And then the new big deal today is that we have AI agents. Each sales user gets their own individual AI agent that understands your target market. It's going to start finding the best fit accounts. It's going to start finding the best fit decision makers. And then the best part is it digs through all the signal data for you as well. So every week on a silver platter, when you log in or your team logs into Zoom Info, all right there on the homepage, hey, here's the 10% that if you do reach out to. These are the accounts that are most likely going to meet with you. They're a great fit. They're showing the right signals at the right time. And as long as your team can click a button, the AI write the emails for you. And ours is called Copilot. It's different than Microsoft's Copilot. I know they have one too. But the emails alone, just doing that, we've seen about a 30% increase in open rate response rate versus the kind of traditional way of doing sales the last 10 years, which is put them in a sales sequence or send them a template, something like that.
cameron.hardy: Oh, yeah, and that's really what we care about. Like, all these features are cool, but the average small business, even the niche ones, when they come over to Zoom Info, if they already have other tools, they're typically selling 50% more. They're closing deals much faster because you're reaching the right people at the right time. The average small business grows by 32% in total revenue year over year, which is insane. If you guys do half of that, it's going to be a game changer, you know. So Zoom Info works really well with both buckets. If you have, you know, your agnostic, you can do high volume. You sell everyone in the world, great, we've got everyone in the world. But on the flip side, hey, I work with some kind. There's only, you know, 2,000 businesses globally I can sell to. Well, fantastic. If any one of those businesses is in market, you have to know you can't miss that opportunity. And that's kind of where I see the value of zooming for you guys. Maybe we don't have every single person, but we're going to have the majority of them. And out of the majority, which ones are in market? Which are the ones you should focus on when they're showing they want to buy your. Your products, your services.
cameron.hardy: I'm taking the demo next. I'll show. Oh, and these are the big numbers. Okay. I want to take the demo next because everything makes sense kind of at a company level. It's all seem kind of familiar from last time.
Christopher Hume: Yeah.
cameron.hardy: Perfect. So. Three main things or four main things. I'll show you in the demo. We're not going to go to all the legion but I like to share the home page. This is the co pilot that's the most important. And I'm going to highlight buying intent and websites because those are our two most powerful legion signals.
cameron.hardy: And then we'll go into advanced search and see if we can look up your your market, see what kind of volume we have on the homepage. This is where your team should start every single time they're in zoom info because the AI has already done the work for you. These are the best of the best leads you can possibly target. It's saying out of all the great fit accounts, everyone that meets your criteria, these are the ones this week that are showing buying signals. The best of the buying signals. Reliaquest here has been showing buying intent for the services I provide. That's one of the most important they've been on my website, that's the other most important one. But they've also promoted a new VP of sales. They have a new decision maker, they just got funding so I know they got money to spend and they're growing got I can take this company, they're clearly in market and I can throw them into HubSpot. We have a direct integration. There's no manual data entry for any of your salespeople. That's the least favorite part of everybody's job.
Christopher Hume: Yeah, right.
cameron.hardy: And then the next thing copilot again does more work for you. It's going to learn who you sell to. If you guys are selling to, you know, medium sized businesses or large businesses, you don't have to dig through the hundreds or thousands of contacts. If you're doing small businesses it only be a couple of people anyway but it knows that I sell to revenue, title, sales, titles, business development, marketing. That's who buys zoom info. Here's Chris, he's the VP of sales. I got his business email, his personal email, a cell phone number, his direct dial, his company number. A lot of the times when we work with people especially sell the hospitals, health care providers, they really want to sell directly to the owner or the doctor or whatever it is. Those a lot of people don't email and they don't pick up their phone.
cameron.hardy: They're almost impossible to get a hold of. A lot of people switch from companies like Definitive or other healthc specific providers because we're going to have the assistance information, we're going to have the admins information, we're going to have the purchasers information and you're not stuck just trying to reach out to the one person who's never going to pick up their phone. We might still have their phone number, but we're going to give you more avenues to get to where you need to be. And then select all the contacts you think are relevant, hit the email button and again Copilot's doing all the work for you. How long does it take to write out a personalized message? You know, 15 minutes or so. You know, you don't want to send generic templates to your best leads. They're not going to respond. Let me get back to Chris here. But hey Chris, since you're the work at Relyquest and you're the VP of sales and we know as the VP of sales these are your current struggles, hey, let's have a meeting. Can we have a quick meeting next week? Also we can mention, you know, my services, your growth, funding, I'm in Texas, mention I'm a Cowboys fan. It's harder every year but tell a joke, write this in speech. Spanish, write it in cleon. Whatever you can think of. You know you have this built in. Again, here's a new email. Same kind of messaging, but a little different. Go cowboys. Rewrite it. Change the tone, copy and paste it into LinkedIn. Just go down the list and hit send. Whatever you want to do. But now we've eliminated 85 of the Gritty work that you normally have to do. You're focusing. Here's 10 accounts that are ready to buy your services. Here's the decision makers, here's their contact information. Here's a personalized message at the right time. Who cares if I don't have 20% of your market? I've got 10 people ready to buy your products right now. Yeah, this is Copilot. This is the number one feature on zoom info.
Christopher Hume: Yeah.
cameron.hardy: When you're ready to go to scale and you want more than just the 10 best ones of the week or whatever it is, the next place you would go is buying intent. Because buying intent is where people made their big money on zoom info before all the AI stuff came out the way I described. If you want to go buy a new car, you'd go to, I don't know, Toyota's website, build out a RAV4, go online and look up safety reviews and look up ratings. And then for weeks, everywhere you look, you see ads. Buy my super, my Ford, my Hyundai. They know you're shopping for a car. This works the same way, but for businesses. We track over 5,000 existing topics. You can create your own custom topics, you can track your competitors names. And the real specialty of zoom info is that we only show you abnormalities. There's many companies that say they do intent, but if they like to LinkedIn posts or do a one time keyword search, they're gonna give you thousands of leads and 95% of them are gonna be false positives.
cameron.hardy: To be on a zoom info list, they have to be doing five times amount of research than normal and five times out of people doing that research than normal. That's how they show up here. This specific feature has a 100% customer satisfaction rating on G2, the only website you have to have a verified login. And out of every company that does buying intent, we've looked up in the top right corner of the intent the last 24 quarters in a row. If your team can't sell using zoom info, buying intent, they probably can't sell. That's where we are today.
cameron.hardy: Yeah, this is a quick one for you. We would definitely do custom topics. When you guys we have onboarding. And they'll get your keywords, understand your business and do that custom for you. Out of the preexisting ones. A couple I thought were relevant, you know, AI services, behavioral data, maybe medical transcription software. Am I in the right.
Christopher Hume: Right. Ballpark. Yeah. Yeah.
cameron.hardy: And then I said, hey, only in healthcare and hospitals that specifically mention psychiatric. Here's 80 companies right now that are doing a very high amount of research on those topics. And when you put your custom ones in, you'll have even more. But. Okay, again, I don't have, you know, a portion of your market, but if I give you 80 leads this month to go and target.
Christopher Hume: Yeah.
cameron.hardy: That are showing interest in what you sell, can you win? You know, 5% of those. Yeah, but you know, these companies are 2 to 10 times more likely ready to meet and buy than building lists of your data and just cold calling.
Christopher Hume: Yeah.
cameron.hardy: The other big legion signal I always share is websites. To me, these are your best leads because not only are they interested in your types of services, they're interested in you. Your team has already done the work through your trade shows, through your advertising, through SEO, whatever else you're doing, and on average less than 2%. Start your trial, learn more, contact you, fill out your form, whatever it is. Zoom info will de anonymize the other 98%. I can say, hey, Korn fairy here. It's a funny name, But I've had 24 unique visits on my website. They viewed 36 different pages today. These are the pages they visited. The research mostly came out of la, Chicago, New York, Philly. There's a lot of people doing it right now, but based off who I sell to bay out of these locations, here's my top contacts. This is the low hanging fruit. They're already interested specifically in you. And we've done all the rest of the work. We've loaded the gun, polish it, aimed it. Your team just has to come in here and pull the trigger you can take.
Christopher Hume: And so how does it it get this website data?
cameron.hardy: So it's the same kind of way. We get the intent. We basically know every device out there, what IP address is tied to them and what IP address that business is tied to. So anytime a business as a whole is on your website or doing research on topics, we can aggregate that data. Very cool.
cameron.hardy: But other cool thing here is here's your total clicks over time. Here's this company stack ranked who's been on your website the most. If someone's been on your website 85 times this week, someone should be calling them. You know, your marketing team can improve their efforts here based off where the traffic's coming from, what kind of companies are coming to the website, et cetera. But from a sales perspective, again, these are some of the best. And if they're on your website, you can and they're showing buying intent. That would be a reason they show up on the homepage. And that's why the homepage is the most powerful. If that makes sense. All Legion stuff so far making sense. Any questions on anything I've shown you so far?
Christopher Hume: No, this all makes sense to me. Perfect.
cameron.hardy: And now there's a lot more, but that's 80% of your team's time is going to be spent on the homepage intent websites and then advanced search, which I'm about to show you. The other 20% is in the other legion signals. What trade show are coming up, tracking people you've sold to before, new funding rounds, new hire rounds, new companies popping, whatever that is. But the last big thing, and probably what you remember most about zoom info is the advanced search. And this is just your digital phone book on steroids. If a company has a website they email, they're probably in zoom info. And again, if we don't have them, you might be out of luck. But we know I like to start bottom down. There's over 240. Filters. We can fill this out. I know that we like to target the US and are we targeting specifically psychiatric hospitals, healthcare services and anyone.
Christopher Hume: Psychiatric. Psychiatric clinics probably usually on the smaller side, 2 to 20.
cameron.hardy: So I'm going to say hospitals and physician clinics. I've got about 4 million of them in the US and when you say, is that like employee count, like two to 20, is that what you mean?
Christopher Hume: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
cameron.hardy: Okay, so let's do two. We'll do 20 here. So now there's still 3.6 million total hospitals out there. And now we can get a little bit more specific. We can either put in specific industry codes, how the government classifies them, we can put in company description keywords, like how they kind of describe themselves. I'm a bad spell. I'm gonna embarrass myself here. Psychiatrist, Google, do the word work for me here.
Christopher Hume: No, every time. It's like P. S.
cameron.hardy: Okay, so what this is doing is our AI has gone into every single one of these 4 million companies and analyzed their websites and it's, it's put together a general description for us. And in that description, if it mentions the word psychiatric at any point, that's the company that'll pop up here. So I've got about 2, 900 psychiatric hospitals between 2 and 20 employees in the U.S.
cameron.hardy: okay, how does that meet with your volume?
Christopher Hume: Yeah, that sounds about, I mean, yeah.
cameron.hardy: So here's how it would work. We would take start number one, taking all the customers you already work with, taking all the leads and contacts, starting worth and tagging them. Then we're going to come in here and we're going to tag all of these 3,000 companies. And then any time any of these companies are showing signals for your products, you're the first to be notified. That's, that's going to be the real power. Zoom info, the right opportunities at the right time. If you ever just want to come in here and start, find all the contacts at these companies and start cold calling every single person. You can absolutely do that.
Christopher Hume: Yeah.
cameron.hardy: But the best way to use zoom info for what you, since you're, you are in a niche market is just being the ability to know when your market is in market. So that's kind of the value I see for you. And then if you guys. One of my favorite little features here is our chrome extension. This works on company websites or if you're looking people up like their LinkedIn.
Christopher Hume: Yep.
cameron.hardy: Big, big problem with LinkedIn today is less people are using it and the only people use it religiously. Are salespeople or marketers or recruiters. Yeah, right.
cameron.hardy: But almost everybody has a profile. There's no contact information.
cameron.hardy: Well, as long as they're in zoom info. This may be about 10 years ago. I still can't grow a beard, but I liked my hair that day.
cameron.hardy: And pop out my little red Z. And then once it gets loaded up here, Here's all my information, my business email, direct dial, sell, personal, you can still call me, email me, export, the HubSpot, all from right here. So if you ever use LinkedIn, it's just another easy way to save time. Very cool.
cameron.hardy: So how does that compare to the last time you demo? Did they?
Christopher Hume: Yeah, no, no. These are some really cool features, I think. Like, um. Yeah, no, it's kind of very, very cool. Um, and I, I do like the marketing intent stuff. I think just like to be frank, like I need to figure out what's going on with our cold outbound motion. Just like we're trying to do some proof of concept stu stuff now and we can't make a purchase decision until I kind of have that signal from our internal tests and experiments that it's something we're going to go full speed ahead into. But, but I would love to know sort of pricing and kind of expectations there so I can kind of make a decision probably in the next like three weeks I would expect. Sure.
cameron.hardy: Unlike the, hey, we're doing this trial test.
cameron.hardy: It's, it might be a little moot if you do decide to use Zoom info. I had a lady yesterday being like, hey, I use Zoom info data in the past and I was like, well, you never used any of the Legion stuff. Like she said, all the proofs in the pudding. It's like, well, you haven't had the pudding. Like the experience is going to be completely different than what you're doing. Like you could if you have every phone, Agent, the AI capabilities. So if you fail your outbound test now, I don't want you guys to think, hey, like this isn't going to work for us.
Christopher Hume: Yeah.
cameron.hardy: Because it probably still will once you have the right tools in place kind of thing. So my recommendation is bring more of your team to a demo. Let's show them, let's see if they like it, let's see if they want to use it, let's see if they think it's a good fit. And the more people that see it typically get more excited and it's much easier to present it to leadership and get the funds and whatever else. But yeah, I'll say most of our small business clients spend somewhere between 1 to 3,000amonth on Zoom info. You guys will probably be on the low end of that. But yeah, that depending on the package, the users, the, the promotions at the time, etc. Etc.
cameron.hardy: I would go in there and try to make it as easy as possible. I'd rather get you at a very low rate and have you fall in love with Zoom info. Be a customer.
Christopher Hume: Grow.
cameron.hardy: Yes.
Christopher Hume: Yeah.
cameron.hardy: Then.
cameron.hardy: Then try to start to too high and scare you away and then you don't come back again, you know, so.
Christopher Hume: Completely understand. All right, so, Cameron, what I think sort of makes sense here for next steps is. Yeah. Like, just we need to see what's going on or internal processes and, like, what we're doing in terms of just sales strategy. I'm testing this outbound stuff. We're also doing some work with existing customers to sell them new products. And like, I just. We're small teams. There's only so many I can have on the stove at once, so. Yeah, radical candor. I won't be making a decision here or yeah, as I said, probably until the end of February. I feel pretty confident with a. We have just like a historical list of leads that we've, you know, wrapped together through various scrappy startup mechanisms that I think is going to give us like, even if it's a bad signal, even if it's like a weak signal, enough of a signal to make a decision like, okay, do we want to like invest in this and commit to zoom info for whatever, $12,000 next year. So I think yeah, this is really helpful. I really enjoyed kind of the Is your market in market review? That's like a pretty unique way to look at it, but I just need to see where we stand strategy and outbound flies. So I think connecting sometime around the 21st probably makes sense and I can get you a thumbs up or a thumbs down, then that's fine.
cameron.hardy: So what I would like to do before the 21st is if we can get more of your team in a demo because we want to make sure values are aligned. We don't want to go to the 20. All of a sudden someone out of somewhere says, no, I don't want, I don't like it. Now we have to kind of reset kind of thing. And the.
Christopher Hume: I'm the decision maker here on kind of what we're doing in terms of tooling. Yeah. So I think kind of just I'll, I'll rule by fiat in this case and I think sort of I'll be the. Yeah, the yes, no decision.
cameron.hardy: Very fair. Big concerns from the decision makers typically is like, hey, are my reps going to use it? So I know you have maybe three or four other people. If you just want to show it to them again, that's. I always encourage it because they'll get excited. You guys can start strategizing together. You can make sure that, you know, everyone aligned internally on your side are good to go as well because you don't want mass surprises either. You buy it.
Christopher Hume: Certainly don't want that.
cameron.hardy: Certainly don't want that.
Christopher Hume: But we can talk about that as we get closer to the end of February. Perfect.
cameron.hardy: Well, let's do this. Let's. I know that's. See, February, the 21st is a Saturday. Yeah.
Christopher Hume: Let me not do that. Yeah, the 20th.
cameron.hardy: Why don't we do like a touch base in like two weeks that way.
Christopher Hume: Yeah, that's perfect.
cameron.hardy: If you think of any questions or if you want to do a demo, you can bring your team and we'll just make sure we're still on track. You want to be like the 10th of February just to kind of think up.
Christopher Hume: Can we do the 11th?
cameron.hardy: Yeah, no problem. Do you like mornings or afternoons? Typically.
Christopher Hume: What's going on on the 11th? I'm free after 10 currently, so let's do 10:30, same time on the 11th.
cameron.hardy: Perfect. Eastern time. Got a new scheduling system, so I gotta click some extra buttons. Said 10:30 your time?
Christopher Hume: Yes, sir. QA.
cameron.hardy: Nope, I don't need to go to that. That should be perfect. Okay, we'll get that for 10:30 on Wednesday the 11th. I'm going to send you my contact details. Copy the recording and the key feedback. Features we went over along with our customer impact survey. That's going to be like, hey, here's what everyone else says they love about zoom info, how we've improved, and that's where those statistics came from in my deck. So you can share that with your team if you want to. And if you have any questions ahead of time, call me, email me, bug me. I'm your go to guy.
Christopher Hume: Awesome. Thanks Cameron. I really appreciate it.
cameron.hardy: Yeah Chris, well, enjoy the end of January and I will see you here in a couple weeks. Thanks.
Christopher Hume: Chat soon. Bye Bye.