Nathan Peereboom: Oh, is it Caroline or Carolyn?
Carolyn Mallon: Carolyn.
Nathan Peereboom: Carolyn. Sorry about that.
Carolyn Mallon: Yeah, hi.
Nathan Peereboom: Nice to meet you. I feel like I. You're kind of like a legend in my mind because like, I know we've exchanged a bunch of emails and like I see your name everywhere, but it's nice to finally. I think this is our first time meeting in person.
Carolyn Mallon: You know, it's. It's hard for me to remember as well as you because I hop on calls with so many people day after day. But of course I know your name.
Carolyn Mallon: I think we may have been on a call, but maybe it was a group call.
Nathan Peereboom: It might have been a group call. You might have had the good fortune of meeting with my co founder Jackson instead of me. But regardless, it's great to meet you again and yeah, I'd love to. Maybe we can just start from the beginning. I mean, I feel like I know you, but I want to. I want to just have some more context. Tell me about your practice, Carolyn. Like what do you. Where. Where in the country are you? Who do you serve? Like, just give me a little introduction.
Carolyn Mallon: We are in New Hampshire. My practice is called Balanced Mental Health and I've got three med managers and six therapists and trying to planning to grow bigger than that, but we just moved into a nice new office space.
Nathan Peereboom: Oh, that's awesome.
Carolyn Mallon: Yeah. And so two of the med managers myself included use for documentation. The one others is the outlier who I had her start first on Freed and once she learned one system she was like, I can't change.
Carolyn Mallon: I can't do anything different. And I was like, okay, it works better. But yeah, she's stuck. On the other hand, my other prescribers really enjoying jot psych and I was able. And she started to share templates with her which obviously was great.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah.
Carolyn Mallon: Yeah. So I'm learning new features as they come up. I was planning playing with like the audit thing the other day. It was like. And, and that's awesome because it's like a mystery. Can I just tell you that like there's all these insurance panels and they're like, we'll do a clawback if your documentation isn't just right. And also we're not going to tell you what you need to do to make it just right.
Nathan Peereboom: It's the worst. It's. Yeah, they're very tricky. They're. The thing that we say in the office is we have worthy adversaries. Like we have. You know, there's, there's.
Nathan Peereboom: They're definitely worthy adversari. Yeah, totally. I mean I think I saw that you signed up for this because you were interested in JOT coach. I mean, JOT coach and JOT audit are like very, very similar. The idea of JOT coach is really about text based delivery of the lessons that you learn in jada. So JOT audit works on a like encounter by encounter basis. JOT coach is about summarizing what's happening in JOT audit and then delivering it via text to your clinicians so your clinicians understand he. You know, in 90% of my visits, I'm not documenting MDM sufficiently. Like, here's a little guide on how to do that. So. So it's really flexible. It's. But it's flexible in the same way that jot audit is flexible because you can always. I mean, I think you probably saw this. You can add content, you can change content, you can turn roles on, off, and you have a much, much better office environment than I do. Carolyn, that's. That's so fun. I'm kind of jealous of you. So, so that's like the basic idea of it. You know, we want. We believe that clinicians get into this practice to serve people. And many of you want to have a practice that scales and grows in a way that's financially sustainable, but also reflects just like the quality and thoroughness of your original practice. And so as you hire and expand, my guess, and I could be wrong, but my guess is that you worry about that. You worry about quality deterioration. You worry about someone's Google review reflecting on you. Like, your reputation is on the line when you hire people. And so our goal is to say to you, hey, we want. Well, first, we want to make sure you never worry about the money. And then second, we want to make it so that you are able to train, coach, and develop your team in a way that reflects your own values and in a way that reflects how you want to grow and document. So that's the idea behind jock coach.
Carolyn Mallon: Okay. Yeah, I mean, I. That makes sense. And I. You're right on. When you say, like, as you're growing, you hire people, you're hoping you orient them well enough that they're going to document to your standards and kind of stick with that. One of the trouble areas I see is when I do have the occasion, yes, I have dogs here. When I do have the occasion to look at the documentation of one of my employees and I'm like that. I mean, she's using my template, but she's like, made little tweaks here and there and it doesn't it like it. I'd rather it kind of stick to a similar flow.
Nathan Peereboom: And you know you can lock those templates, right? Yes.
Carolyn Mallon: And I haven't done that yet. And I think I might need to because. Because I created a JOT psych template that I taught based on. Taught to JOT psych based on how I used to document before I was using AI. So like, I like to have this interval history about the last visit up at the top, just a little blurb and I was able to create that. It's great. But one of my other clinicians, like, has, like, almost the whole note from the previous visit at the top of her note, and I was like, what did you do? Did you say, like, expand that times 10?
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah.
Carolyn Mallon: So I need to go back, refine it, and then probably lock it. Because to do that.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, this probably doesn't surprise you, but it's a very common problem. There's a lot of. A lot of clinicians who own their practice build a template. They love their template, and then they give it to their team. And their team, you know, they're human beings as well, and they have preferences, and so they change and modify. And then all of a sudden you're like, why did it. Why did I even do the template? Like. Like, no one's using it. So that's why we put that lock feature in there. Yeah. Carolyn, I'm curious. When you think about, you know, your practice writ large, like, what's the thing that keeps you up at night? Like, what's the thing that you worry most about and that you wish you had support for from us or from someone else?
Carolyn Mallon: Like, it could be super.
Nathan Peereboom: It could be something totally else. You could be like, Nate. Like, all I worry about is, you know, like, the rental on this new office. I think about all the time, whatever
Carolyn Mallon: it is, managing people and getting them to work harder. And when I say that, I am, like, not pushing them to ridiculous extents, but my employees seem to feel like if they see, like, 35, this is med management. If I see, like, 35 clients in a week, that's good. And I'm like, no, it's not. I'm paying your benefits.
Carolyn Mallon: You need to see, like, double that. Seriously.
Carolyn Mallon: And that's one of the reasons I got and pay for AI documentation programs for my employees is because as med managers before, we were spending, like, half the time we spend with a client after the visit, documenting that client. So I have seen increases in productivity. But, boy, if I had something I could do to make them even more productive, that would be great.
Nathan Peereboom: When you think about what prevents someone from seeing 70 patients rather than 35, like, what's the story? What do they say to you and what's your story about the actual reason? Are they the same?
Carolyn Mallon: Yeah, they tell me that there's too much other related work to do. Prior authorizations letters I have showed them that we can do some of that. Right. In JOT Psych, I use JOT Psych for all my lab orders, for example. I love that I can just do download a PDF and send it to my client and it's done. So it's better and we could integrate it in our ehr. But the one that we get through Jot Psych works just as well, probably better. It's smoother. It took a lot less, like, to have it integrated. Is such a bear. It takes, like, forever to set up. I can't get a sales rep to reach back out to me when I call them. It's just like, who cares? But the jot psych one's great. There was one the other day. I can't remember what it was. Maybe I wanted to add one particular lab to it or something and I couldn't figure it out, but 99.9% of the time it was. Works really well.
Nathan Peereboom: What about for you mentioned prior authorization? I mean we think about like the whole timeline of like a patient cycle. You know, there's finding patients, there's intaking them, there's verifying like you know, insurance eligibility, getting their payment on file, doing calendars, then doing the visit, then doing the note, then doing the lab orders, then like submitting the bill, then fighting the bill if it gets rejected or whatever along that cycle. Like where do you identify that your clinicians perceive there's like a lot of work or busyness? Is it all like post encounter documents, lab orders, letters, notes, Is that like where most of it sits?
Carolyn Mallon: Yeah, I think so. We have good admin support so even prior auths we have somebody to put it through. But if they do it on their own and they are not medical providers, they sometimes will get denied. Whereas it would get approved if we had sent a law along the last visit notes and or a letter. One thing I've done with my drop psych note at the end is I will tell it, please be super explicit about the medication I'm prescribing and why. Like based on what I explained in the visit, it's being used instead of these alternative agents. And if I can get the note to be thorough enough, I don't even need a letter. I just upload the last visit note with the prior authorization on like cover my meds. Which is what everybody uses.
Nathan Peereboom: Right? Interesting. Okay, cool. What about like within your. So it sounds like if I understand it correctly, part of your challenges. You're like if people implicitly and tell me if this is wrong. What I'm hearing from you is some version of if all of my team works like I work. If there wouldn't be that much like follow up, like you'd have all of it in the note.
Carolyn Mallon: You'd pop the note to cover my meds.
Nathan Peereboom: Like it actually it's not that hard.
Nathan Peereboom: It's just that like they change the template. Now the template isn't good enough for cover my meds and like there's a little bit of that. Is that what you're. Is that what you feel?
Carolyn Mallon: I do think that's the case. I don't want to sound like a little snob about it, but I work so on my clinical days with clients, I'll usually see 18 to 20 people in one day. And they are not. They're so not. And I leave the office at 5. I walk out the door with no work left to do. They're just not as efficient, they're not using the tools that I've been provided as thoroughly as they could. Sometimes they're doing work they don't need to be doing, so like identifying what doesn't make sense for them to do, like calling a pharmacy on the telephone. I'm like, I can't tell you how many times I've done that because it's so rare that I don't remember doing it.
Nathan Peereboom: Super interesting. Carolyn, where are you? Where are you all located?
Carolyn Mallon: New Hampshire.
Nathan Peereboom: That's right. I'm sorry you said that.
Carolyn Mallon: That's okay.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, that makes sense. Well, I'll just notch. We don't have to talk about it in depth, but I will notch that one thing you might find helpful, and one thing we might find helpful is actually just coming up to visit you in New Hampshire. We do these shadow programs with clinics where we'll come and we'll just like, hang out with y' all for like a day. We'll watch how you work, we'll. We'll talk to your team. And usually what we do in the middle of the day is we throw a lunch and learn. And what's nice about that is, look, technology is hard. Like, technology's scary. People, you know, get in their habits, but sometimes just, you know, you bring food and you walk someone through, like, the way that they can make their own lives better.
Carolyn Mallon: Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: Is helpful. So I would just throw that out as, like, an offer. Like, we're on the east coast, you know, we're in New York. We've got some folks in Boston. I'm in D.C. it's really easy for us. Also, New Hampshire is beautiful. Like, we'd love to just zip up on the AM track.
Carolyn Mallon: Beautiful. Come up and ski or something.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, well, that's the, that's the thing is the. As compensation, you have to take us all out skiing.
Carolyn Mallon: Do you know how expensive skiing is?
Nathan Peereboom: Hey, I didn't say it was cheap. I just said that was the price.
Carolyn Mallon: Right?
Nathan Peereboom: That's funny.
Carolyn Mallon: My son is obsessed with snowboarding. He goes every single day after work. He makes, he. He makes that season pass worth it, I'm telling you.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, well, look, I'm, you know, I don't have high class tastes here. You can take us snowshoeing. We can do cross country skiing.
Nathan Peereboom: You know, we can make it work. We can find a compromise, right? So I would just say, like, if that's something that you're think. Feeling with your clinic, it's a. It's a great. It's a. It's a nice thing for us to do. It doesn't cost you anything either. Like, for us, we're like, it helps us develop the product, frankly, like, to see, like, where. Because for you, you're like, well, this is like a character or implicit. Like, you're like, I wish people just, like, had the kind of personhood that would like, reach and grab this and be really ambitious and driven about it. For us, we're like, and this is one of the benefits, I think philosophically of being a technologist is like, there's, like, people just are who they are. And if you don't, if we aren't making our tool easier, easy enough, attractive enough, crockable enough for your team, that's on us. That's, like, not your team's fault. That's my fault. And so we want to learn and understand the friction points and just take our sandpaper and keep sanding away at those. So that for you, you're like, I'm not even doing any persuasion here. I just give people this tool and it's so easy and it's so amazing that, like, they just feel like there's, like, a glitch in the Matrix. Like, that's kind of like our product vision is people should feel like there's a glitch in the Matrix when they use jot psych. And any. And any, like, shortfall of that, that's on us. That's not, like, any kind of character problem in our customers. So that. That's our philosophy, and that's why it's great when we come visit.
Carolyn Mallon: Yeah, Yeah. I, We. I have students. Sometimes. So my. My clients are used to me occasionally having visitors, even in sessions. And we have the nurse practitioners in my office at least one day a week. All of us are there. So, yeah, that's. That's possible. I would love for my employees to be using the platform more like just using the features to the full extent that they're getting the real benefit that, you know, what I'm paying for. Right. And if it made them more efficient and took some of the workload off, which it does, but, you know, any improvement even, would be great. And I know you guys are working on all this, like, the. The, like becoming an ehr, like doing all sorts, which is super cool. And, uh, I've done so much interviewing with different EHR companies, and they all have such major problems that we're not willing to switch from ours, which has such big problems that I had to make a Better Business Bureau complaint. It was awful. It's been horrendous. And yet you stick with them. I stick with them because I'm trapped. Like, the changing. The switching costs are.
Nathan Peereboom: So do you use.
Carolyn Mallon: It's called Iconotes.
Nathan Peereboom: Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah. What would it take for you to switch to Jot Psych? I don't know if you heard, but we just launched E Prescription in beta. Do you have access to it? I don't think you do yet.
Carolyn Mallon: That's very cool. I don't think so.
Nathan Peereboom: Are you. Are you interested in trying that? Is that something that would tip you over into using?
Carolyn Mallon: I don't know. I'd have to just do more research and look at all the features, because we had, like, a spreadsheet of, like, the features that we were comparing and contrasting with a few different EHRs. It's a messy spreadsheet. I can tell.
Carolyn Mallon: You want to see it.
Nathan Peereboom: I want to see it. Can you send it to us?
Carolyn Mallon: That would be amazing. Yeah. But I am warning you, it is. It is like, it's more. More than a spread. More like a table of comparing and contrasting. And it was worked on by multiple employees who do not know how to use a spreadsheet.
Carolyn Mallon: We can figure it out of the different features that we were either looking for or that one has and the other one doesn't have. And. Yeah, so I'd be happy to share that with you.
Nathan Peereboom: That would be amazing because. Yeah, super valuable. Okay, well, I know we're coming up on. We're a little bit over already. Carolyn, what's helpful to you? How can I be of service? Like, how can I make your experience at shots like better, I think. One, we'd love to come get some time with you up in New Hampshire. And if we can, it'd be nice to, like, look at calendars if you were open to that. Two, it sounds like you are interested in seeing what we have. E. Prescription wise. Is that right?
Carolyn Mallon: Yeah. I mean, I have a practice manager. I'm like the expert on being a prescriber and using the system. My practice manager is also our biller. And that's a big part of what we do, obviously, because we take insurance and that's part of what the trouble we have with iKenotes and what we're afraid of having with other EHRs is just trouble with the billing workflow.
Nathan Peereboom: Do you, Are you. When you say you have trouble with it, what does that mean?
Nathan Peereboom: Like, what makes it hard?
Carolyn Mallon: It's inefficiencies right now, like in the billings end of things. Our billing work list has like all the codes, even non billable codes that aren't tied to anything. But it's like, it's, it would submit those unbillable codes with our regular codes and cause denials if we included them. And there's no way to weed them out. So we have to go through this long list of claims and all the codes, like manually delete anything in there with a non billable code. And I mean, Megan could speak to it so much better than I can, but the workflow is such that it takes all this extra time and I'm paying a VA to, you know, to spend her time on this. So anything she doesn't have to spend time on anymore would be great savings.
Nathan Peereboom: But the billing. Yeah, I mean, it's so interesting because we just launched this thing called Jotbill, which you might be interested in. I'll just like kind of briefly show you it. So it's, you know, how we were doing the job audit engine.
Carolyn Mallon: Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, so what is the point of the JWT engine? Obviously one point is we want to make your notes better. But the bigger vision is we're trying to unite the billing world and the documentation world because they're connected.
Carolyn Mallon: Right.
Nathan Peereboom: So what you see in JWT audit is that we're predicting the codes that you should use. And obviously we're writing like a really good note for those. But Jotbill basically is the next step of that. So it's saying to you, hey, you already trust us to write your notes, to code the note and to correct the note, what we can also do is we can just submit it for you. So now if you decide that you want us to. And we do eligibility checks too. I don't know how you guys do eligibility checks, but we'll, we'll do the whole cycle where we check eligibility, we write a clean note, we audit that note, we. And then once you sign it, we submit it and deal with all the denials. So, you know, in terms of what makes us different, it's like at every stage here, we're just trying to be like super, super, super vigilant. Even if there's a denial. If there's a denial, we have this whole system of auto appealing it, which is really powerful for people. We'll chase patience and all that if, if you're interested, so, you know, we don't have to go through it right now, but. In terms of getting started, it is really easy to dip your toes in. Like one of the ways that we like to introduce drop build to people is to just say, hey, why don't you just let us look at the claims that you've got right now and tell. And we'll tell you, you know, what's going well, what's not going well, all of that. Because even the admin teams, like, you'd probably much rather your admin teams go out and just really make sure those patient schedules are full. If you're trying to grow your practice kind of patient recruitment is where your team should be spending time.
Carolyn Mallon: Right.
Nathan Peereboom: Everything that's billing in administratively, like, honestly, like they're just not going to be as good as a software plus like specialized team, which is what we've got.
Carolyn Mallon: Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: So anyways, I, I'm, I'm not trying to convince you to do this, but I do want to just say that this is the whole vision, the long term vision of Jotsack, even as an ehr. And I started out by saying this. I think at the beginning we believe that y' all got into practice to practice medicine, not to practice billing, not to practice eligibility checks, not to practice haggling, not to practice like any of this other stuff. So our view is like, we want to be the software that does that for you. So if you're interested, we would love to do. I mean, we price it like, I mean, this is like $300 just to get like started with the analysis.
Nathan Peereboom: But usually people feel like they learn a lot just from that. Right. And then if you want to move forward, you can. If not, like, you know, there's no worry.
Carolyn Mallon: Yeah, no, that's interesting. I mean, I would definitely have interest. That said, it would be hard to beat what I pay my practice manager slash biller, because I don't even know if she realizes how much more money she could be making if she was just a biller. She runs my practice and does my billing and I, I pay her. I mean, she makes money, but she doesn't make the kind of money she'd make if she was like billing me 7% of revenue or something. And that's why we've avoided having like a big billing company take over is just that so many of them, they want like literally 7 or 8% of revenue and.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, that's the standard. Yeah.
Carolyn Mallon: Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: Well, I mean, we charge between 4 and 8% and you get to choose like your level.
Carolyn Mallon: Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: But again, you know, our view is like, we'll do the analysis for you. And if it turns out like and we've said this, we actually just did this last week where we did the analysis for someone and they had an internal biller, and we were just like, honestly, it's fine. Like, if you're happy with what's going on, there's not so much juice to squeeze here. Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: It's really all about what your particular situation is. If you can, you have a great dealer who is, you know, going through all the things that you want them to go through, and you have really good reimbursement rates. And there's not this if there's not, like, a problem, then we're not going to try and sell you something that's not good for you.
Carolyn Mallon: The only problems I see are inefficiencies in the platform we're using. And for that reason, if we found something better, like. Like, that's what we're kind of on the lookout for. And then the other thing that you mentioned, it's not a problem we have right now, but I'm curious because you mentioned reimbursement rates.
Carolyn Mallon: Do you guys work on improving those?
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, I mean, we work across the entire process. So we'll, you know, we'll read every single one of your contracts, figure out where you're under contracted or over contracted. We'll show you all of your rates per like CPT code by payer. We'll look at what your contract says versus what your ERA says you got reimbursed for versus what hits your bank account.
Nathan Peereboom: So you can actually. Because you need all those to be.
Carolyn Mallon: It's so often you do need that.
Nathan Peereboom: I really do need it.
Carolyn Mallon: A lot of people by line go through it.
Nathan Peereboom: You got it. The, again, the insurance companies, their strategy is that they want you to kind of get confused like that. Like, confusion is like one of their main tools. So we've been in practices where we look at what's being, you know, approved and it says like, yeah, it's paid, it's approved. So the clinician says, oh, I got paid. I submitted a bill, I got paid. But that reimbursement is for like 30% of like what they actually asked for.
Carolyn Mallon: Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: And it's, it's not coherent with like what's in the contract. So there is often a disjunction there. We've also seen a situation where insurers will not deny a claim. They'll just say it's pending, but for like 400 days. I mean, we, we saw a clinic, I think it was two or three weeks ago. We did this analysis for them and they had one payer that was like, it was like 60% of what? It wasn't 60. It was like 50 some percent of like what was, you know, like what that pair held was in, you know, AR for like over 100 days. And you know, it's not a denial formally, but it doesn't really matter if you're not getting paid. It's the same thing as being denied. And if you're trying to grow your business and you've got a working capital problem, you're paying salaries to your clinicians, you know, you're. It doesn't sound like you've 1099 these people because otherwise you wouldn't really care about their capacity or you wouldn't care about their utilization if you were 1099.
Carolyn Mallon: Right.
Nathan Peereboom: Your team. And so in my view, it's like there's so much to be confused by. There's so much strategy in the way that insurers have built this environment. You would be doing yourself a disservice to not have someone like really, really look at it. And we just have pattern recognition because we've done this like a bunch of times.
Carolyn Mallon: Right? Right. Yeah, we would be really interested in that.
Nathan Peereboom: Well, it's super. I mean, again, the analysis thing, it's like a one time $300. Like it's really just our way to like kind of get in the door and be like, hey, like we're just going to flex our tech muscle a little bit. I mean that's just transparently what it is.
Nathan Peereboom: Like we've just got some really cool stuff under the hood and we just, we need a reason to like pull it out of the garage. So if you wanted us to do that, like. Like the way it works is we get access to your ICANN notes so that we can pull the claim data and then a week later we just do a 30 minute presentation where we walk you through all of our findings.
Carolyn Mallon: Yeah, yeah. What about the payments hitting the bank account? Because you mentioned that. Do you look at transactions?
Nathan Peereboom: That is something. We have not done that as a part of the analysis project.
Nathan Peereboom: We do that as a part of our premium billing service.
Nathan Peereboom: The premium billing service. The, the key thing that, that we're, that you kind of are purchasing with like that like higher cost service is like three things. One, we interact directly with your patients so you don't ever have to talk dollars and cents with your patients. Two, we assign you a specific billing manager who you can like communicate with. And then three, we do all, we do a very, very complex underpayment detection. So we're, we're checking again that coherence problem.
Nathan Peereboom: But that does take like a lot of infrastructure, like we have to have access.
Nathan Peereboom: Typically we'll actually just run the money through like a custom bank account that we build for you so that we can do that. It's not that easy to pull from and honestly we don't really want to have access to your bank.
Nathan Peereboom: Like if, if we're doing billing for you, we'll do it. But like it, like it, it does require us like calling and like you know, doing like, hey, this is the transaction number. What is the insurance thing? It's kind of hard. So we do that again at the highest level on a like recurring basis because we set up a whole infrastructure for that. But in this first analysis we, we can't promise that.
Carolyn Mallon: Yeah. Okay. Well, I would love to mention it to Megan, my practice manager slide and just kind of put this out there as something that we might do and then I would like to do it and get, I mean, I just think data is, you can't. More data is better.
Nathan Peereboom: More data is better. Okay, great. Well, why don't we do this. Let me get you set up with some time with Becca to talk about the E prescription.
Nathan Peereboom: That's the first thing. And then secondly, let's get some time to come up and busy in New Hampshire if you're, if you're still getting for it.
Carolyn Mallon: Yeah, why not?
Nathan Peereboom: Why not? All right, let me pull out my calendar and we'll just get these both on or. Where's my calendar? Okay, calendar. Okay, so. Great. How does Wednesday at 2:30 your time sound for Jotrx kickoff?
Carolyn Mallon: Let's see, Wednesdays are usually good, but Let me see. This Wednesday, I had to move some people around from my normal Thursday. So I'm busy Wednesday afternoon.
Nathan Peereboom: That's totally fine. How about. What about Wednesday morning? 9:00am 8.
Carolyn Mallon: The 18th.
Nathan Peereboom: Yep, the 18th.
Carolyn Mallon: I could do that. Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: Amazing. Okay, I'm gonna push down for 9am and I'm gonna say RX kickoff. Now, Carolyn, what Becca's gonna do is she's gonna if. And again, it's only if you're game.
Nathan Peereboom: But what she'll probably do is be like, this is our E prescription workflow. And if you're interested in that, she'll just sign you up. It's like $69 a month. So it's like there's, there's a cost just to like, because we get charged by the E prescription house.
Nathan Peereboom: Um, so you can use this however you want. Like, if you're feeling like, hey, I just want to like, learn about it, that's fine. If you're wanting her to like, set you up so you can start E prescribing same day, you can also do that. And it's just a $69 setup and like, you know, per month. So I'm gonna say, Becca, Okay, what's the best email for you? Is it this one? Is it?
Carolyn Mallon: Well, there's one that's Carolence mental health.com and then the other is my personal email, which is fine too. I don't really mind. CR Mallon. Gmail.
Nathan Peereboom: Great. Okay. I just added that for you. Okay, cool. And then just looking at calendars, let's see, When would be a good time for us to come up? When's like a day I'm just, I've got in front of me.
Carolyn Mallon: Thursdays are the days that I see clients mostly, but they are busy days. Usually I'm seeing clients like nine to five with an hour for lunch. Sometimes I see clients on a different day. If I plan ahead, I could see clients in a more spaced out fashion where I would have some time in the day to discuss what I'm doing in the workflow, et cetera.
Carolyn Mallon: Yeah, that would probably make more sense. Fridays are probably good for that. I can always get people who want to be seen on a Friday. And if we give, give it a couple of weeks, it's going to be easier to schedule some people in that spot. March. What about like March 27th?
Nathan Peereboom: Perfect.
Nathan Peereboom: March 27th is great.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, so I'm going to mark this in and then I have to see who is. I would like to send. Becca. Have you talked with Becca? You've, you've. I'm sure you know Becca at this point.
Carolyn Mallon: No, I don't know. I. I don't remember. I just don't remember. But I look forward to meeting her if that's who comes.
Nathan Peereboom: Becca's our product manager.
Carolyn Mallon: Okay.
Nathan Peereboom: And she's awesome. Chris, do typically these, these visits.
Carolyn Mallon: Okay, great.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay. Shadow. All right, perfect. So here's what I'm gonna do. I'm gonna take everything that we've talked about. I'm gonna put in an email. I'll send you a follow up email. You should already have both calendar invites.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, so the calendar invite for your John Rx kickoff as well as the calendar invite for your shadow day. And just sending the shadow day one, just setting to both of yours. Boom.
Carolyn Mallon: And just so I know what to expect, whoever came for like the shadow day, they'd be sitting in on some patient visits between visits, just seeing how we're using Jaws, like how we could use it better. Any ideas? That kind of thing.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. So typically what we ask is. Yep. You just like include us in your day. We're just following you as you go through your day. We're looking over your shoulder. You're like just giving a stream of conscience, consciousness, maybe, string of conscience too. But don't change anything about your day. Like, we don't want you to perform, we don't want you to do things differently. We just want you to just be yourself. And we just sit in the back and we like look and we watch and we listen.
Nathan Peereboom: But the one thing is that during lunch we like to bring the. Bring food, have everyone in one room and do a little bit of like a training. And then also just like a town hall. So just, you know, a time when we can answer questions, meet the team, all that because we want your team to know that we're accessible and, and we want to learn like, what's working, what's not working, all that stuff.
Carolyn Mallon: Yeah. So on that day there will be myself and Sandra, another nurse practitioner. Jennifer, the nurs practitioner is only in on Tuesdays. We can try moving to a Tuesday or just keeping it as it is. The other employees are all therapists, none of whom are using any AI. I've told them I'm happy to pay for it, but they're not using it. So I just want to make sure it's worth your time, that's all.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, I mean, I think that that's totally fine. And if the therapists are at the office on Friday, like it might be a nice thing for them just to see what it.
Carolyn Mallon: We've had drug reps come, and they're like, okay, free food. Happy to watch.
Nathan Peereboom: Free food is like, the. The more I do this, the more I'm just like, everyone just wants free food. That's, like, the answer to every business problem. Yeah.
Carolyn Mallon: Yeah. We don't have a conference room with tables anymore, but we have a break room that seats like, six or something.
Nathan Peereboom: That's totally fine. We've been all over. We've done shadows and in all sorts of situations, so that's great. Yeah.
Carolyn Mallon: Okay.
Nathan Peereboom: All right, Carolyn, I have to run, but this is awesome. I'm super excited. Oh, one last thing, just with the jot analysis.
Carolyn Mallon: Okay.
Nathan Peereboom: One thing that I would say is when you talk to your biller about it, we sometimes get this dynamic where, like, the owner wants the analysis, but, like, the biller feels like, a little bit, like, undone by it because it's like, kind of like looking at the work they do, only, you know, the relationship you have with your biller.
Nathan Peereboom: So I won't coach you on that. But I would just say that, like, if there's any assurance that either we can give or you can give, that, like, the goal is really not, like, criticize this person.
Carolyn Mallon: Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: That tends to be really helpful. I would just plan it as a seed because I've been. I've crossed that line before with billers, and it just. It's not a good feeling. And it's not. It's not what we're trying to do. We're not trying to, like, take anyone's job. We're not trying to, like, you know,
Carolyn Mallon: do anything like that offer, like, so there's the, like, this, like, tier where you guys are handling, like, all the things.
Carolyn Mallon: Is there a tier where we are using your platform but doing the billing work?
Nathan Peereboom: We are. Eventually there will be, like, self serve billing. Right now we are. We like to own all the edge cases because they're. I mean, it's just there are a lot of edge cases in billing, and what we don't want is someone to have a bad experience thinking that they're good at billing when in fact, like, they're actually not. And.
Carolyn Mallon: Right.
Nathan Peereboom: That makes they submit claims. They get denied. They're like, what? This Joss, like, thing doesn't really work. Like.
Carolyn Mallon: Right.
Nathan Peereboom: We just want, like, our goal is, like, we'd rather have fewer customers, but every customer have, like, an amazing experience than have a lot of customers and have a lot of, like, you know, churn and dissatisfaction.
Carolyn Mallon: Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: So right now it's really like, we're just going to hold your hand. We're going to make it amazing. Eventually we'll be forced to, like, self serve all this stuff.
Carolyn Mallon: But. Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: But if we're not confident that our clients can do it, well, we're not going to, like, let them kind of like, shoot ourselves in the foot for now.
Carolyn Mallon: Well, I. The way I'll explain it to her, then is something along the lines of, it'll give us an idea of whether our payers are holding up their end of the deal and what inefficiencies really do exist in ikenotes that could be improved upon somehow.
Nathan Peereboom: I think that that's great, and, like, you can even just send us, like, all your paradox, too. We could do this analysis just based on your paradox. However you guys want to play it, we can. We can work with that. Okay.
Carolyn Mallon: Okay. Okay. Megan is pretty receptive. Receptive. So I think she'll be game.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. The other thing I would say is that it's all personality dependent, obviously. But, you know, again, your goal, I think is probably patient acquisition. If you're trying to grow.
Carolyn Mallon: Yep.
Nathan Peereboom: Like, that's my guess. Like you need, you should have all of your admin because we don't do that. We don't, we don't help you find patients. So anytime you can reallocate effort from an admin person to be in the patient acquisition space, it's just pure growth, the business, you know. So, like, another way to think about the math of this is like the question for you as a business owner is not how much am I paying for my billing? The question is how much am I taking home from my business?
Nathan Peereboom: And if the billing is really good and like, it's premium, but it allows your entire team to just focus on patient acquisition and hiring more clinicians and never worrying about it. And by the way, you get reimbursed a higher rate and at a higher frequency and short of time. Like that's, that's oftentimes the best business decision. So it's just another thing to, you know, consider.
Carolyn Mallon: Yeah, okay, I'll keep that in mind and, and talk to Megan about it. And we've been in this long. I'll just mention quickly, we've been in this go back and forth with ikenotes over whether they're gonna refund me for a few months of the subscription based on like how terrible it was. I mean, it was that bad. And we were, they told us because it went from an old ehr of ikonotes to their new souped up version. And their souped up version, it turns out, was a beta version. And we were the first group practice. They moved over to it and they didn't tell us that and it was a disaster anyway. They want us to sell sign a one year contract to stay with them if they give us a refund. We have not got to that point yet. And the only reason I mentioned this is I know that you guys are like creating this like, ecosystem for jot psych and all of the pieces it plays. And I'd be very interested in learning more about it before I sign that contract away, which would lock me into ikenotes for another calendar year.
Nathan Peereboom: When do you, when do you anticipate you'd need to sign up?
Carolyn Mallon: Well, I sent them an email like three weeks ago saying, can you get that contract to me? And they haven't yet. So.
Nathan Peereboom: It's the. I need that spreadsheet. I'm so curious what's on your list? Because, I mean, Carolyn, we'll tell you, like, if you send us that doc and it's like, look, we don't have this, we'll be really honest with you.
Carolyn Mallon: Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: But it's fully dependent on whether or not we can serve you in this capacity.
Carolyn Mallon: Yep. I'll send you the doc.
Carolyn Mallon: And if you have questions about it, feel free to, you know, Right. Click on it and leave a note and I'll answer it.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. Okay. Cool.
Nathan Peereboom: Well, that sounds great. Thank you so much. And thanks for just, again, like, all your engagement and feedback. Like, as I said at the beginning, the of. Of the call. Like, you are a known and loved customer in this among this team. So thank you for just, like, everything that you've given us in terms of feedback and grace and patience and, you know.
Carolyn Mallon: Yeah, no, it's a great product, and I, I, my motivation is just to have an even better product that, like, fits our uses and gets us more efficiencies, and therefore, we can make more money and spend less time on tedious things.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, totally.
Nathan Peereboom: Well, that's our goal, too.
Carolyn Mallon: Yeah. Cool. All right, have a good day. All right, Take care.
Nathan Peereboom: Bye, Carolyn.
Carolyn Mallon: Bye.
Nathan Peereboom: Bye.