Kristi Weber: And not doxy. I have. I use jot psych wherever I go, whether it's on my phone, right moves with you. I have a private practice and that's the office I'm in today. I also cover Blue Valley Behavioral Health, which is a community mental health center, and I'm there seven days a month. I cover a nursing home. I use my phone. I cover a SPMI seriously mentally ill assisted living. About 40 miles from here. That I will take my computer and I use JotCycle on my computer. And then I have one day, I have three days a month where I am strictly telehealth. I telehealth to patients from an agency in Lincoln.
Becca Bressler: Okay, that's super helpful. So I want to tell you a little bit about our sort of first version of this to see if it is even workable because part of that is the question is like, is this even a viable first version? Right. So let me just share my screen, but I need to pull up jot site first. Let's do that.
Kristi Weber: So I debated about even doing this with you, but then it was like, oh my gosh, maybe I could just open up one program. Yeah, I use three different electronic health. I thought about doing. I use valence. For my office, which covers most of my time. But their cost is so prohibitive. And it wouldn't help me and all my other sites because they all have their own electronic health records.
Becca Bressler: Valeant wouldn't.
Kristi Weber: Or you mean jot psych as a wooden, just like those fluid wherever I go wherever I go.
Becca Bressler: And you prescribe medication? Yeah. Yeah. So do you, are you, have you seen that we also released a prescription through Jotzek?
Kristi Weber: No, but I couldn't use it because there's. I have too many different EHRs that I have to use, and they. And they connect and intertwine. So that's not an option for me.
Becca Bressler: Got it. So the way that our first version of telehealth works is instead of where I know doxy has a link that's your room, basically, and your, you know, patients or clients will get that same room.
Kristi Weber: The first version, the way that we
Becca Bressler: built it is that it's tied to the calendar. So every time you create a calendar event, it creates a room. And so what that means is that, you know, for telehealth appointment, you create an appointment. And you'd mark it as a telehealth appointment. And then crucially, you would likely, I mean, presumably want to have appointment reminders set up with it because with the appointment reminder for your patient, that would send them the link to the telehealth room, basically.
Kristi Weber: So I can tell you right now that won't work for me.
Becca Bressler: Okay, so this is like part of the research is presumably for it to be usable. Not adding it to the calendar, just a link that you can then attach elsewhere.
Kristi Weber: Okay.
Becca Bressler: That's my hunch really is. And so these calls are helpful to just be like, is anyone actually going to be able to use it if it's just, you know, because I know a lot of users don't use our calendar as their EHR calendar.
Kristi Weber: And so, and we can't because we're connected to those EHRs. And they require. Us to use our calendar to be able to do all those, you know, prescriptions and maintain a chart and all those things that we need them to do.
Becca Bressler: Right? Yeah. And there's, like, patient communication and, and things like that. That often is happening outside this platform.
Becca Bressler: Okay, so, Christy, that's really helpful. And, and I, that is a part of this research journey that I'm on. I do have one other thing I would love to like put in front of you, though, or, or tell you about, which is one of the features that we're building right now is we're trying to surface. Suggestions for clinicians based on things our sessions have picked up. So for instance, like if we are noticing trends across a patient from the session information, flagging like, hey, just want to let you know there's this trend with this patient. Do you want to remind yourself about it in session? And so there's some things we're like playing around with the patient page. I don't know how often in Jot psych you go to a patient's page, whether you don't.
Kristi Weber: No, because I don't. Okay, so I. I learned what I have to learn to be able to use what I want to use it for. So I'm not always. Real. It's not that I don't want to use it. I just don't know what's available with what I pay for. I mean, I just recently added the audit. I probably won't leave that on there short term. Just, and I know your costs are not bad, but I am in private practice in a solo. Practice. And every time I add something, it's more overhead that adds.
Becca Bressler: So, so, well, tell me about actually question about job audit. You said you probably won't have it on for very long. Is it because in your mind, you'll, like, learn what you need to learn from it and then won't need it.
Kristi Weber: Or kind of sort of. I really like it, but it's $50 a month.
Becca Bressler: Yeah, it's, it's not, I know it's not cheap yet.
Kristi Weber: So on top of my 120 that I already or 100 that I whatever it is I already pay.
Becca Bressler: Yeah, it's just steep to maintain like you are questioning if it's worth that amount of money.
Kristi Weber: Long term. If I can learn the things, there are so many things about it that I like. I am a pretty low. I do a lot of 992 or 99213. Job psych has helped me to really look at how many of my sessions really are 14th. And so I'm gradually in. I can't increase them all. Because then I'll trigger an audit from insurance companies because why all of a sudden. But that's been hugely helpful for me to see that the audit says, Christie, this ought to really be a 14.
Becca Bressler: Yeah, totally.
Kristi Weber: You know, and there are things in it I'd like to keep. But again, as. A solo practitioner. Yeah. I mean, an insurance company are challenging us worse now than what they ever have. Yeah. It is taking sometimes four months to get paid by an insurance company. I'm really struggling. But I will not close. Yeah. I just have to figure out. And Jaws hike has been amazing to me. I used to dictate my notes or handwrite them and then have to go back and do that. My students, I precept students. And so they sit, you know, they participate in the sessions. They proof them. And then we're ready to go. I mean, I've been so impressed with the professionalism in the notes. I mean, I sound really smart now.
Becca Bressler: That's great. I am wondering, Christy, so I'm covering a lot of ground here, but, you know, I work on all of these products. And the thing about our audit product that I'm also trying to evaluate is what it's really worth. You know, like it's like money wise. Like what will people pay for this? Because, you know, we don't always know the answer to these questions. And these are things that we're trying to figure out when we release new features. And so I'm wondering from your perspective, is there a monthly price for it? That would make you not consider losing it? You know, you were like, oh, actually, this is a price I could pay long term.
Kristi Weber: Yeah, you're $29.
Becca Bressler: So that feels like the sweet spot for that particular type of tool. Yeah. Yeah. That's super helpful. Great. Well, I appreciate you being honest about that and sharing because right, we're trying to learn too.
Kristi Weber: Then the last thing though everything and everything costs, you know, and the. Thing as a business, you want to be competitive. I mean, there are so many AI programs out there. Yeah. The gal that told me about jobs psych and actually we signed up at the same time. She's already moved on to something else that she thought was cheaper and better. Yeah. Yeah. I mean. I don't want to change. I like what I have. I will be loyal. But, you know, she pays less for more than what I have.
Becca Bressler: So she has what she uses has more features than Jot's like, is that what you're telling me? Yeah.
Kristi Weber: It already does tell a health and built into an EHR. No, it's a, it's a, and I don't remember what it is. But it's, it's a. Right. To. Do. So it's a ride along. But she's, they already do the telehealth feature and she still pays less. She pays less than 150 a month.
Becca Bressler: Oh, wow. I'm curious. I'm curious what that is. Sounds like going to like a patient's page is not how you use jot psych. I want to show you kind of demo of something though that I'm working on and I'm curious if it is valuable. Which is. Let's see. So one of the things we're like testing are what I'm calling, like intelligence tiles, which is, you know, you can imagine a patient maybe mention something in an appointment for the first time that was new and maybe something you want to flag. If it's valuable to then remind yourself in the session or like, you know, if our system is noticing trends across multiple visits, for instance, that's something that you can remind yourself of in the session, which basically would just mean here, let me pull this a different tab. Which basically, when you know you're on the recorder page, you have an appointment. And what you would just see is something here that would be like session reminders and it would be, you know, of the things the system flagged or surfaced things that you can then kind of see in the encounter that are like, oh, okay, so this has been a trend from the last few sessions.
Kristi Weber: And there are some of those now that I'm consistently entering and entering in everybody's name. Yeah, I can see I just missed one. But it does bring me up a little thing, a little snippet about what we talked about last time.
Becca Bressler: Right. The summer, the summary. I think one of the things we're like trying to surface is like partially if things are really new or like trends that are maybe not being captured. Is that something that's valuable? Like the idea that like the system is sort of like capturing or noticing things that might be helpful in session just so that, like you yourself are having to carry less of that in your own head. Like this is the version of it on a homepage. Like, oh, let me show you something else or what I was showing you for. This is a version of, let's see, a homepage where say you like log on to jot psych and it's telling you from yesterday's sessions. It's like, hey, from yesterday's sessions, here's some stuff that came up you might want to remind yourself of next time you see these patients. I'm just curious like from your perspective if there's any value in that or if you would ignore that.
Kristi Weber: If there was a way for it to pop up on what I'm using in the moment. And not have to go back. And do it tomorrow. Because tomorrow I may have. 30 clients. And I'm not going to have time to go back through them and do that for each one. They're not, well, they're on my schedule because I see them. I mean, you know every job psych appointment goes on. But realistically, no, but if it was. There in the moment as I'm finishing and getting ready to save that note. Yes, that would be helpful there.
Becca Bressler: As you're. That's interesting as you're ready to save the note because like this is the homepage. But that's really interesting. So it would be.
Kristi Weber: Yeah, it'd be on the recording page before, you know.
Becca Bressler: So the idea here is like if you were like, oh yesterday these things came up great. Remind and session reminding session reminding session what that would show you is something like.
Kristi Weber: But it would be there as soon as I hit generate. A I would do that and they would have it. Right.
Becca Bressler: Like technically those things would be generated right then and there.
Kristi Weber: Yes. So if it was on that spot. Then yes, I think some of those reminders of, hey, you know, I love the one about the sleep.
Becca Bressler: Yeah.
Kristi Weber: I mean, I think that would. That would be great. But if I have to go to another space. And do it all separately later. Yeah. It's not going to happen.
Becca Bressler: Yeah. So even for you, if it's one space and it's the homepage. So it's, these aren't like each patient's profiles. Like if you imagine this is actually, this is Jot's homepage in this view. Um, so you like log on and you're like seeing from yesterday's sessions and you're like, okay, this happened yesterday. Remind, remind, et cetera. Or is that also just not going to happen because of how quickly you're moving through your day. But this feedback, Kristy, has been really helpful because I wasn't even considering it on the note page, but that's such an obvious place to put it. Like that's while you're finishing the note and you can set reminders session right there.
Kristi Weber: And when I look at my home page, I mean, it's got. It's got a recording counter and I don't know what this is. This is upcoming appointment tomorrow. I don't work tomorrow. So I don't, they have somebody down for an appointment tomorrow morning. But. I don't know. I mean, yeah, maybe, maybe it would be if it's because this is the page that I sign in on and the first page gets.
Becca Bressler: Yeah. And right now that page is there's no value in it. Like I've talked to so many people about those appointments and they're often not right. And, you know, it's not how you're getting to your recorder. Okay, but this, this is really helpful because I think you're right. I think the note page also makes a lot of sense to surface it there because that's, you know, it's after the note's been generated.
Kristi Weber: And I think it's important to do it. Well, okay, so here's another thought. Job psych is pretty comprehensive in its plans and things, but a lot of those things I will cut out. Yeah. Because, well, it'll say that I'm going to co collaborate with the endocrinologist. If the endocrinologist collaborates with me. Yeah. So I, you know, there's a lot of little things that I will take out because they don't always apply.
Becca Bressler: So.
Kristi Weber: And hitting generate. I don't know how to. So yes, I think it would probably be better on this homepage. Yeah. Than on the. Then on the note. Because I'd have to hurry up and make a decision where. So then how long? So here's how long will it stay on the homepage or every day? So if I don't respond because you had two responses, either keep it or get rid of it, right?
Becca Bressler: Yeah.
Kristi Weber: So how long will it keep it stay? So if it's something that I can't do until I do a lot of work on weekends, I. M in rural Nebraska. And we're a shortage area. So I am the only full time. Provider. In about 40 miles.
Becca Bressler: Wow.
Kristi Weber: Radius.
Becca Bressler: So I have lots of, you're a busy person.
Kristi Weber: Yeah. Right. And then I cover shortage. Places. So, you know, they were doing telehealth at the nursing home 11 years ago. And that doesn't work for dementia. So I only live seven miles from you. I'll cover you. But I guess I'm just telling you a lot of times it's weekend before I have a chance to go back and. Yeah, do some things.
Becca Bressler: So our initial, like, plan for this is getting like, or my thinking at least is every day you get three from the day before and then it cycles. And the reason being is what ultimately I want the product to do is be like taking things off the plate of clinicians. Versus like creating a backlog of tasks. Right. So the more it pops up, it feels like a to-do list that then you have to go through. And fundamentally what I'm hoping our product can do is like make a clinician exhale.
Becca Bressler: Like come to jocksite and be like, oh, okay, this is really going to help me. You know, this, this, it's got my back. Right. And so that's kind of why I'm thinking it's like daily cycling because I don't want something that's just going to pile up and feel like a to do list. I totally take your point that, that, you know, you can't always do everything every single day. But my hope is that, you know, if these are valuable enough and there's only three on the homepage, it becomes worth it to do daily.
Kristi Weber: You know, it's a tiny maintenance.
Becca Bressler: It's not a backlog. It's so.
Kristi Weber: Yeah, yeah. And I like that if you're just picking out the important ones because I was thinking there was one for every nope, every note. And it was like, there's no way I'm going to be able to do 25 and then stay on track with today unless I have a lot of cancellations, which is when you do your.
Becca Bressler: No, like let's just surface the three most important things that the system picked up on and leave it on the homepage. And then that's that, you know, and then tomorrow it's a great idea. Okay, cool. Great. Okay. Well, this is really exciting. I'm really excited about this. But obviously it's so helpful to talk to users. And great. Well, Christie, thank you so much for your time. I noted about telehealth. Obviously, we, we won't move forward with getting you set up with that, but really helpful from a research perspective to know. Same with jaw audit. Would you be open in the future if I reach out to you though about other beta products we're testing or yeah, absolutely. Great. Thank you so much for your time. It's, this is so helpful for us. So anyways, happy end of your week. I hope that you're about to, you know, go home and enjoy it yourself and have a restful weekend.
Kristi Weber: All right. Thank you.
Becca Bressler: Take care.
Kristi Weber: All right.
Becca Bressler: Bye bye.