Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: I will do the best that I can to tell you about my crazy state that I work in, and I just apologize ahead of time. It just is what it is. One, I'm slower right now because I'm trying to work primarily out of jaw. And one, the AI is frustrating me, but it's not. So I figured out part of it. I told my staff to quit making rules because their rules are competing with my rules. And until you guys can separate out. You know, rules per person or something, I don't rolls rolls, just rolls. If you do roles, then we can do that. Or just like only certain people can make those rules. Some things, certain rules for billing because we had a crossover. So we've been dealing with that and me reteaching the same things over and over again. I'm like, you know, come on. So because I don't want the billing section at the bottom to contradict what I bill. And so I'm spending a lot of time trying to make that thing fit like it's supposed to. And part of it is us because like I said, we, everybody was making rules. I was like, oh, stop, stop. Don't put another one in. So I told everybody just to stop. But the billing and auditing. So I know we were that. I looked at all of those. And the only thing I've seen, and Michelle, you can tell me now, listen, I will never claim to be a biller. I do not want to be a biller, but I've done it for a long time. And I can tell you the Luke quirks about our stupid little state. And I love Arkansas, too, but. Oh, my God. We are a spravato treatment center. I don't know how much experience you have with that. And I'm also a nurse practitioner, which those two things can complicate billing. Just a tad bit because every insurer I have wants me to bill for that differently. Okay. Everybody wants the 99215 as the first code that is set standard. But when they comes to that second hour of monitoring, how I bill for that is. It's different for every insurer. Okay. Medicare will pay for the G2212. Okay. But I have to. It's four units because it's 15 minutes each. So we monitor for a minimum of two hours. The 99215 gets the first hour. That G2212 gets the second hour. Okay. Now, if it's a Medicare replacement, most of the time I can go ahead and build that. But that's where it's important, Adam, that I am able to put the number of units because she's not going to know that if she's not real familiar with that or AI might not recognize it, but I need to be able to put in there. I need four units. I am the only one that documents the SPAR auto because I'm the only one that knows. I'm not even going to try to get anybody to figure this out. I know what insurances want what. Now Blue Cross Blue Shield will not pay. So every other insurer, this is a nationally recognized billing setup in Spravato did the training for all of this. Nationally. It is supposed to be a 99215 and then four units of nine nine four one seven.
Adam Harrison: Okay.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: But since I'm a nurse practitioner. They want to make this complicated Blue Cross Blue Shield of Arkansas will not pay a 99417 for a nurse practitioner, but they will for a doctor. Okay. So their solution, because I went round and round with them and the insurance commissioner this year, an insurance commissioner said they're not breaking any rules or just discriminating. So that's okay. I said, what the hell? Everybody I know that has a spravato clinic is a nurse practitioner in Northeast Arkansas. What are we supposed to do for this second hour? So Blue Cross believe Shield solution wise for us to build a 99416. Which is like freaking $12. Okay. And it's for 30 minutes, so we have to only build two units of the 99416. I'm like, okay, whatever. All right, so we were okay with most of our building because our other commercials, we just, we did like we were supposed to. But, and better sentine. I hate these people sometimes. Every week I get a postcard that says we have a policy update and I am not exaggerating. At least one postcard every week that says we have a policy update, and then it doesn't tell you what that policy update is. It gives you a link and you have to go figure it out. So they sent that one. I've actually ended up just sending a letter, I guess, so they make sure everybody name that they are no longer embedded is no longer as of July. July. July 1st. They are no longer going to pay our G2212 because even though they were commercial, they did the G2212. I don't know. But anyways, July of last year or July of this year. So I'm going to be able to do it. So July. Like I normally do. But after July, what I've got to figure out is. And so I would say I'm going to call one of my friends, but all my friends call me and ask me what I'm doing. So nobody's going to know what they're doing in July. So I will have to either attempt again to do the 99417, which I'm going to tell you. I had to look at the letter. They're probably not going to do it. And I'm probably going to have to go to the 99416, which is just going to be a huge loss of Revenue for us because that's going to basically cut our reimbursement for our Spravatos down to nothing. Okay. So when I tell you the spravato part, I don't mean for it to be confusing. But I'm, like, literally have to lay eyes on it and know I put in all the Spravato billing myself because I don't have my staff do it. It's, you just, I have it stuck in my head. I know who does what, and I know who we typically have. We end up unless your AI can get around this. And I'm. I'm just. This is going to be your test. Arkansas Medicaid has a rule. And you're going to get a kickback of a bunch of denials because Arkansas Medicaid for adults has a rule that they can only get 16 visits per year. Okay. It does not matter if it's specialty PCP. I don't care how many Specialists they got. I don't care what it is. They get 16 visits. Supposedly you're supposed to be able to, after late denied, you're supposed to do, like, an appeal and then request for extra visits. And I will tell you in 15 years, I have never gotten one approved. I don't know what the trick is to get it approved. I don't know anybody else who's got no approach. But suppose you can do this. Gravato is working with a third party company right now working with Arkansas Medicaid trying to rectify this because I eat up that search, those 16 visits in two months with my Spravato people. So then I get a kickback and they're like, they keep telling Spravato and the company, well, you can request more visits. The therapist are doing it. I don't know how the therapists are getting visits. I have a friend that has just a therapy group and I'd ask her, I said, are you getting paid past these 16 visits? I said, we are not. She said, oh, yeah, we get extra visits all the time. And I said, okay, how are you doing it? So she tells me to go to this website and I forgot what it was because it doesn't apply to me. It only applies to therapists. So when you get to the medical side, you have to do it different. And I'm just my biller has appealed for extra visits. We have gotten nowhere. So if you can get through with Arkansas Medicaid, great. But otherwise, unfortunately, we do have some Medicaid that we pretty much do those business pro bono. I hate it, but I'm also like, I'm not give it to a suicidal patient. And when that is the most effective treatment. So it's crazy. They will pay for the medicine, but they will not give us the extra business unless they change that rule. So we're going to get kicked back with that. The only other thing that I noticed was, and Michelle, there may be something different that I don't know about, but I can tell you, sentine again is pain in my backside. And they are in better fall choice. Well care and empower. They sent out a letter saying so I did. I filed a complaint with this and they supposedly re that retracted this. But they said they still had a similar rule in place that they were going to start adjusting billing coding based on. How did I put it clinical data on the billing on the, on the bill that we submit or claim submissions? I'm like, so anyways, I sent the host thing. You know, there's no clinical data on a, on a claim. All there is is diagnosis codes. So if those four diagnosis of codes that we do are not attached to that 99214, that's the only thing they're going to have to go on and they're going to start down coding because, you know, they're not going to up code. If you find an insurance company that up code, sign me up because I'm on board. But they're only going to down code and we are a high code. We are considered a higher coding specialty anyways just because of what we do. And what we deal with. But when you throw in our spravato, we are the only place here are all the suicidal people, all the schizophrenics, all the math and do schizophrenia. All that's all right here in Northeast Arkansas. So I have some really complex patients, so I am a hiring biller. So that was the one thing that I seen is that it only, and it may have just been AI and I don't know how that the billing was in there, but it only had one diagnosis attached to it and not. All four. So you tell me if I'm doing something wrong there, but I've always been taught, put as many on there that you could address that you can in one way filled up that fourth one if we needed to, as we always put in there with all of our patients, have that z code z79.899 for the long term use of medications because we, all of our patients are on long term high risk medications, a lot of more. And that is also the code that we have to use to cover a lot of lab. It will cover, like our B12 or vitamin D. It will cover a lot of lab testing that we do. So I always stick that on there for most of my patients. But anyways, that was one thing. It did not attach all the diagnosis codes. And I don't know if that was just an oversight or if the AI just needs to be taught, put all the, if the diagnosis code is selected in that when we put, you know, do our billing at the top that it attaches it to it. I also noticed that. So we don't. It may be the case in other states. Typically, I don't have to use a modifier 25 with our add on therapy codes. My scrubbers have always kicked back, and I've used three EHRs and mental health, probably more than that. But anyways. My scrubbers have always kicked that back. If it had a modifier 25 and had the actual, you know, set aside add on code for 90833, the 9083690838. And there's another one, too. I can't remember what it is. It always kicked it back and said that it was unnecessary and that to take it off because it would kick it back. And I have only ever a couple times had an insurance company deny something for something like that. So if you want to try it, you're not going to hurt my feelings, but I can tell you typically we don't need it. And I, I don't know if it's just easier for y'all to leave that rule in there or what, but those, those tip, those specific, those are only ones that apply us to really those specific billing codes do not have to have the motorcycle 25. The other thing was, as now this, I know I have had the Niles kick back for this is that the modifier 95 for telehealth has to be on both the E and M code and the therapy code. If there are telehealth, they both have to have that modifier 95. And that was when I looked at the ones that were telehealth, they were not, it was not on the, it was not on the therapy code, but it was on the first one. So I don't know if that's just a rule that just needs to be fixed. What else did I see? Oh, the one that I didn't expect for y'all to know this was the. The I have probably have only about 30% family practice. And I had a patient come in with the flu test of, I'm tracing that one random one. I don't do that a lot. But you have to bill for two flus, the flu a flu flu B, and then you have to put the modifier 59, you have to have a modifier QW, and then there's a code for the strip and there's a code for. COVID. I have those testing in house just in case. But I do not do a whole lot of them. And we're coming out of flu season anyway, so we probably won't say that again for a while, but that's another reason, too, to be able to do the units. Because the flu test is actually two units. And that's the only. So, like, I have these random things that I'm so sorry. I know it's just, like, complicating your life.
Adam Harrison: No, no, this is all super helpful, Amanda. Would it be okay if we just went through each of these one by one and we're
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: just like, okay, let me, let me enlarge my questions.
Adam Harrison: It was we were looking at it. I think you already answered a lot of them just now. But, for example, this one, which
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: I don't know if you, I would, and I did go there and make the corrections, but I didn't know. I thought, well, I don't know how they may not want me to do the corrections, but I.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, that totally works. I wanted to check on a few things here. One was the actual place of service for this because this was listed as office, but it had the 95 and then was listed as tele.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: That's true. So that's what we're going to need to be a place of service to of number two. So the only way of a number, I guess to go back to the calendar and see what was it on the calendar that maybe I put it in wrong. So they will be on the calendar.
Adam Harrison: I also wasn't sure if it was maybe a payer quirk because sometimes I know they an office.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: It's actually, it's, I had now, Michelle, you had to tell me if you've seen this recently, you know, they change Medicare changed over instead of a place of service 02. They changed it to finally change it over to a 10. And I had changed. Every. I had just set it in my system for all my telehealth to be a place of service of a 10. And I've not had any trouble with Kickback, but I noticed. So it's down there at the. Yeah, it's not on the top. So, you know, when, when covet hit, they didn't really have a code. They, they were not prepared for the telehealth coding. And so they told us to use the 02. And then they have, like, gradually adapted to use the 10. I don't know. They got complicated crap. Just they should let us just bill and do. But anyways, it is what it is. So I have been using 10 for a long time. For telehealth.
michelle.lynn: And so that's a patient is in home. If there's somewhere besides home, it needs to be zero two.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: If they're, like, at our office or they're at a hospital or something like that. But typically what that is for us is I'm here at the office and they're at home or they're sitting in the parking lot at Walmart or they're, you know, whatever. You know, that's what I use as a tan. I don't see anybody, like at the nursing home or if the nursing home literally brings their people to me because of that's just a whole other story. But anyways, they actually have a contractor psychiatric provider and they don't like them. And that they're afraid to, like, fire that person. So when they don't agree with what they're doing, they just pile them up in the van and bring them to me. And so I don't do anything as a nurse. And I would just go to the nursing home. I would not even try to do nursing home tele.
michelle.lynn: Health. Yeah. No.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: They will do it. But I. This girl's not gonna do that.
Adam Harrison: So I get this to telehealth. It sounds like. And for service location, do you normally put this as telehealth instead of now?
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: I'd usually just put silo health. I don't even put the LLC on there because the reason being is that federally, it does not have the LLC. It's only on the state side that the LLC is there. Will LLC in the state, but we are S corp federally for tax reasons. So they will not let me put. So when you pull up our tax ID, it only says sale. Got it. The only reason that it was different for us on there is that, like, it was a label I created for me for billing purposes. But when it actually went to billing, it just said sale health.
Adam Harrison: Got it. And then you don't typically do the 25 modifier.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: I don't. I don't. Know. And I've never had it kickback saying that I needed it because the only add on codes that I typically use are those three therapy codes and, you know, and I know, like, if I do any of the in-house testing. So the, the most common in-house testing that I'm going to do, even that will not require 25 is a urine drug screen, and it just has to have that, that QW on it and have time. I don't pay for it anyways. I put it on there. But, you know, the paperwork. Yay. If they don't, then it's not the end of the world. I'm still required to do it. So I do it. So I don't use a whole lot of add-on codes other than the therapy codes, and I do not. I mean, Missouri, Arkansas, neither one, I don't use the 25 for those therapy codes because they're specifically add-on codes. Now you may have some, Michelle in other states that require some of the insurers and the other states that require that. I don't know. I just know here I've not had to.
michelle.lynn: Right. And it is sometimes state specific and insurance specific.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: So. Right. Right. And, you know, we'll, we did contact. I know Nate had went over and, like, well care was like our worst payer. And we contacted them to try to get, like, our fee schedule, and they, they wouldn't send us a fee schedule at first. And then so what they told us that we had to do was go to Medicare's website and just get a fee schedule for Medicare.
michelle.lynn: And I'm just like.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: They would not send us a copy of our contract or anything.
Adam Harrison: So. Got it. So, Amanda, should I also, for all these claims, remove the 25?
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: You can or if you want to try, I'll send it through. You're not going to hurt my feelings. You know, I want to two times it's not going to make a difference. Whatever. So for me, we just don't need it. So it's just an extra thing for me to have to worry about putting on there if I put it on there. But if it doesn't affect me on my reimbursement and it's easier for you guys to write a rule to do that, then I'm not going to be upset as long as it doesn't affect my reimbursement. Does that make sense? You know, I, I don't want to complicate things anymore than what I have to for you. But typically for the add-on codes that I use, I do not need that.
Adam Harrison: Okay. Great. Well, yeah, I think just keep it simple then and we can exclude it. If, if it looks like we're getting eras back and we're maybe not getting reimbursed at the right
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: rate, I might tell you something this week and the insurance may send me a new policy next week. I mean, really, it's, they really are right now, the insurance companies are being very quirky. We're seeing more of the problems on the medication side right now than changes on this other than with our Spravato.
Adam Harrison: Okay.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: So that's the, the biggest that, and I think that was. Most the claims that was it was that the die. So, like the diagnosis codes for that one. This is the one with the flu and the covid and all that stuff. The first diagnosis code will cover those tests. They shouldn't be an issue. We could use the a and the D or just the a, but for the actual 99214, I just put them all on there.
Adam Harrison: Okay, great.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: That way they don't. I don't give them. I try not to give them any reason to down code my charts. And I typically do not have a problem with that. But I will tell you, I do have a friend that owns a large mental health clinic in johnsboro. I promise you, within a year, she's going to be calling me. She's going to say, what are you doing with your billing? Okay, you already. She already has you for your, for the scribe part. And I know that she is getting down coach. So, like, this one should have both a and B selected on both. Yeah. Yeah. Technically, Spravato is only for the first code. But we're still treating them for both that I always put them both on there. This is one of the Spravatos because it has that 99416. This is the only time you'll see this code. Is this going to be a spravato patient? But anyways, my friend in Jonesboro, every one of her and better is being down coded from a 99214 to a 99213. And she's like, I don't know what to do. I said, you need to file a complaint with the insurance commissioner because they're not auditing your charts or just down coding you automatically. And so I don't know if she's going to do anything or what she's going to do. But she always calls me, what are you doing for your billing? We got to get this right. I'll get you, like, a big, big Clinic. Like, she's got, like, a big, big planning. I don't want to be that big. I mean, I wasn't planning on being this big. But I'm not planning on having 10 nurse practitioners. And Monsters Clinic, like what she's got. Oh, I'm not even in an area. I'm so shocked that we are as big as we are.
Adam Harrison: Okay, so I am just going to remove the 25 and the LLC from everything here. Just based on what you suggested. And then I think we, we'll go ahead and submit these, this afternoon, Amanda, so we can see how things, things go here.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: The one I did want.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, go ahead.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: I didn't, I just had a question before we hung up today about a patient where I put in their insurance and it kicked back something I was cured. I didn't know what it was. So I was just going.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, let's, let's talk through that in one second. I just want to close out here.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: So this one was that I think the only thing I did was I think I selected. I added the other diagnosis codes. I didn't have to change anything else on Diane
Adam Harrison: is a united one, so you might want to keep her in Valencia.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: This is like an old one. It accidentally got submitted. So I'll, I'll submit it through our, our system. And I think that was probably just an accident.
Adam Harrison: Okay, I'm going to go ahead and remove this then just so we don't. Okay.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: And then I've been, been trying to just do the Blue Cross Blue Shield, and I've got to figure out. I'm not seeing any claims on here from. Kathy. Hey, Rachel. Is Kathy here today? Is Kathy here today? Yeah. Ask her if she has submitted any Blue Cross Blue Shield claims through jot sags. Pick your head in her eyes real quick. Because I'm not saying any from Kathy. And Kathy is my provider that, like, man she's on those claims every day, and I don't usually have to wait on her for claims. I'm not saying these are all mine. So if she has, they're, they're going somewhere. Oh, she's got a crisis. Okay, I'll, I'll find out when she gets done with this patient. She's got a crisis patient, so. She doesn't want to interrupt her right now. So I'll email you if, if she has and they're not showing up, but they're, I'm not seeing any on this list from. I don't know if it's the way it searched or she's just not dropped any whitening on me to review them with her to before she drops.
Adam Harrison: Them. Okay. Yeah, that's the other thing I just wanted to flag is I think there's probably a lot missing here.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: If I just look at this is because I've been fighting with that bottom part of that billing. And I've actually created a different template to test out. And so when you are showing me how to. Okay, you were showing me how to add onto my note. And you were able to put. I figured it out finally. You had like here. I had this A and M. It was like an N plus psychotherapy thing. It's a whole separate note. It's not something I can add to my note. So like then it turns out the note's not going to have enough documentation for anything else that I need. It's not. And I even tried to get the. Listen, I fought with this thing. You partner. You could probably go back and say all the crap that I keyed in. But I'm like, can you combine this mode with this? No, no, then I tried everything and I could not get it to do what I wanted it to do.
Adam Harrison: So I think here probably what I would suggest is, is this one of these, the templates you're using.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: The silo and pay was the new one that I did. But see down here at the bottom, the a m plus add on Psychotherapy down at the very bottom on the left. Oh, this one. Yeah. So, like, you had asked me to do that one, but that doesn't do what I need. And I don't even think it has the end. It don't even have the en m part on there. I don't. It doesn't look like. But anyways, I did the sale MP2 that I've been working on. And so, like, this can't be added. To my salon piece. Like, if I want to add a section and I thought, well, maybe that would make their billing easier. Maybe it'd be easier or whatever. It would not let me, like, add it to the bottom as a section. So I don't know if you can do that or if what I've done, I may have finally taught that what to do. Yeah. I had my grandkids this last weekend, so I didn't get to drop as many as I wanted to. And my laptop has died. I've had to order a new laptop. It. It charges, like when it wants to and comes on and then it won't. And I'm just.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, no, no worries at all. I think on this template here, what I would suggest is you can't really. There's no way to merge, like at this level, you know? I'm sure you gave it a good try. It sounds like.
Adam Harrison: But what you can do is if there's specific sections here, like if you wanted this section.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: To my. I did. I like that. I added that to that. I'm pretty sure I put that one in there.
Adam Harrison: Oh, so that's in here somewhere.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: I don't think it is. I don't know where it's at or I meant to.
Adam Harrison: It's okay with you. I'm just going to try adding it here. Well, actually, it's not showing up here.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: I really thought that I put it in there.
Adam Harrison: Well, it's not even showing up in our general library. So I'll have to chat with Jackson on this and we'll. We'll get back to you.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: I think what it did is it asked me if I wanted to put a medical statement or a statement of medical necessity, and I asked it yes to do that and to. And it adds it to the MDM section. And I think. I think it asked me to put that justification statement in there and train it. And I think that's what it's doing because I've been. I've been just kind of playing with another template. I haven't had Kathy change over yet. I want her to look at it after I kind of played with it because I had so much stuff in the other one, and I was like, I feel like I'm duplicating and I was trying to simplify it a little bit and went through and did this. So just playing with. I will. I will tell you something else that is not working right. And I just happened to find it. So mine, you see, it says customs bravado justification. When I first built this template, I put in the one that you can search and select just this bravado justification. Like not my custom one. And I don't even know how I got my custom one to finally come over here. But it would not. It would not check off the boxes. Did not work.
Adam Harrison: Okay, we'll. We'll have a look at that.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: I'll huddle with Jackson and is that for me? I'm okay because I've got my custom one on there and it's working just fine. But there's something not working on your template that's like in your library because I did. I was like, what the crap was? It's not working. And anyways, I. I kept putting rules in trying to make it work. And I finally. I don't. Like I said, I don't know how I got my custom one to pop back up. So as far as insurance, though, if. If you can go to. Can you go to my calendar for today? I've been moving people over to the calendar, and I'll show you my question that I have. It's a patient that I have today. Megan Tyler. Up at the top. So she's a Blue Cross Blue Shield patient, and I run her eligibility. I checked her insurance. I made sure it said Arkansas Blue Cross Blue Shield, and I verified that her number was right. And then when I checked her eligibility, came back saying, verify or something. I don't remember what it said. Now you can click on it again and do it in our here. Go into her chart. Yeah. Or go into her actual chart and look at it. Oh, yeah, it does sometimes. And so then I don't know. I don't know what to do with it from this point. Although I can't get it to go green and there's no more information for me to put in there.
Adam Harrison: Got it. Okay, let me check because I have a slightly different.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Got a fee that's done that.
Adam Harrison: Give me one minute here. I'm gonna share. Share a different view. With you shortly here. Okay, so this is what we're seeing for her. It looks like she. Is active. Blue Cross, Arkansas. So that's good. Looks like she. Let's see. It's saying there's an additional policy with this pair, which is secondary insurance.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: David, I had no idea that she probably only knows about one.
Adam Harrison: So Michelle, what is normally what you normally submit to the primary and then the secondary after? Is that the procedure?
michelle.lynn: Yeah.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Information, and she probably doesn't realize she has another policy.
michelle.lynn: Yeah. So what you will do is submit to the primary first. When it comes back, if there's anything client responsibility, you'll submit to the secondary. If you get a denial from the primary, then you more than likely the client needs to call and get the coordination of benefits updated.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: So will it flag me and tell me that, or is that something you guys will do?
michelle.lynn: It will come back at. Well, it'll deny, and then that'll be something that we'll have to look to find out what the denial reason is.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Okay. Yeah. Usually if we have anything that, like, the coordination of benefits, we now are best luck with our patients now is we text them and we just say, hey, we're having trouble with your insurance. Will you call and ask for coordination of benefits? And it says you have two insurances or whatever, and they will. My people do not answer the phone, so we text everybody. And we just. We use tiger connect. I don't know if you're going to set up anything in here to be able to.
Adam Harrison: We are working on something for that.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Yeah, but we do have a way that we can text them and ask them to do that. To do. It's. We have a whole separate texting system through Tiger Connect, which if you guys haven't looked far away, a way to model after somebody, they are fantastic. I love the way they're texting systems. They do a whole lot of other stuff, too, but we all use their texting and it works really good. But anyways, so because I've just seen her this morning and she works at a pharmacy, and I know that she probably has no idea that she has a second insurance.
Adam Harrison: Probably. But, yeah, we would handle that after we submit to the primary. It'll come back in the era. We would submit to secondary.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: And. But I think another note that you probably want to make on Arkansas Medicaid. So their general workflow. Is not 100, but it is most of our patients. They will give them Arkansas Medicaid for the first 30 days, and then they will give them an option between. Arkansas Blue Cross Blue Shield or Amber if they don't choose. They assign them to one. Now, most of my people will, if they get that letter and they actually pay attention, they will come in and ask me, hey, which one do you want? And better place is better as a general rule. But I tell them I don't care. Pick one if I knew they were going to get Spravato, I taught them to do him better. But sometimes they don't pay attention and they get it. So the Medicaid will still show active, but it will kick back in denial. So it's covered by another payer. And what it is is they've changed them over to either Blue Cross Blue Shield or Amber. That's the only two. So we don't have multiple managed payers as far as that goes. Now, if they're on a pass program, they only pass program we take is in power, and that'll be done totally different anyways. So it's billed the same. It's filter them. We don't. It won't. Once it's up to a pass program and they're on it, they stay on it. It doesn't change. But I will tell you, the Arkansas Medicaid is a primary death change after 30 days.
michelle.lynn: So do you. Separately and better and Blue Cross Blue Shield for that purpose?
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: And select that? Right. If we're credentialed and our just in Arkansas. In Arkansas, if we are with embedder and or centen, we just do it all through centen. If we are credentialed with them, then if when they take over the managed care. But we do have to be credentialed with Medicaid. You do have to be credentialed with Medicaid to be able to do that. So we now there's with our clinic specifically. Again, Arkansas does have some quirky rules. My therapist. I mean, she only works one day a week when she shows up. Okay. She is not credentialed with Arkansas Medicaid. I do not give her Medicaid, but some of my people who have a secondary Medicaid, like I have Medicare, and then they have the secondary Medicaid, I just end up writing that off because she's not credentialed. And I can't get her credentialed. I have been all the way to the top of Medicaid. And when we first credentialed the clinic, I called them and had them walk me through. And I told them I'm going to have a nurse practitioner and I'm going to have therapist and I need it to be a multi-specialty. But the way they walk me through it made it a nurse practitioner clinic. And they said, there's no way for me to undo it or change it. And so that I can add a therapist so I cannot even financial degree enroll. So that's what I would have to do. I would have to reenroll and apply for another number. That's what the only thing I know to do. The guy that told me, so there's multiple clinics all over the state and they're having this problem, like our regional director guy finally called me back and he said that there's. So that's basically what I'd have to do is get a whole new Medicaid number, probably. And I don't know if they would even give me one or if it would kick it back because I already have a number. I don't know how that would work. And I really, she likes my bio.
michelle.lynn: Okay. Because typically you'd have to disenroll, and that usually takes 30 days for disenrollment and then re-enroll but that does mess with reimbursement. So that's why a lot of people won't do it.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Yeah. And if she was working more than what she was, then it might be worthwhile to even kind of look at. But if you look at my numbers, I see three times. The amount that anybody and all together, all my people together say, and it's not worth messing up my reimbursement for that. And Tammy. She wants to come back to work full time, but she has been so sick. I really don't think Tammy's going to be coming back full time. She says she is. But, I mean, she's already called in last week, I don't even know if she's going to be here this week. I've got to call and find out if I'm going to reschedule her patients. And she's the only therapist that I have. I did have a one that worked telehealth for me some, but we have another therapy group here in town, and usually I refer to them to do the therapy and they require to meet it in the medication management. And so it's not. A, I'll be honest with you, I don't want to add any more therapist.
michelle.lynn: You know, it's funny because I, I deal with both nurse practitioners and therapists. And it's funny to hear how many nurse practitioners say the therapist or crybabies.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Do you know that? I don't want to say that. And I don't like to, like, throw everybody in a group, but I'm like, God.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: And I'm like, girl, I'm coming to work whether I'm sick or not. I mean, did they not teach y'all that y'all got to come to work? So nursing is a profession of guilt. You're coming to work because nobody can replace you. And you are caught in the very beginning. You do not call in sick. I don't care if you were dying. You do come to work. And the therapist, man, they will call in for everything. And I'm like, what the crap? I mean, do you not feel bad about rescheduling your patients and. No, girl, I miss too. I miss two days over the, like, there was, like, a couple week period. I missed two days. My nurse called me and wanted to know if I was causing the clinic and if, like, I was fixing to quit, I'm like, what? Like, no, I'm just sick. And no, I will be there.
michelle.lynn: Yeah, I do think it's, it's interesting how many, how many providers nurse practitioners I have that have said that.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: But I get it.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: You know, like, you're absolutely right. People, they're great therapists. But there's, like, no dedicated. I don't want to even say dedication, but there really is not. I mean, they're, they're just, if they don't want to work, they're not coming to work and they don't care if they have to reschedule or not. And I'm like, no, man, I want people that's like, they want to come to work. And nurse practitioner that I hired, Kathy, she has been wonderful. She worked in OB, so she knew she couldn't miss work. You know, somebody's gonna be there to deliver the babies. And so. And there's not a lot of people that that's another specialty that you just can't be replaced. And so she's a really hard worker, and I've been very pleasantly impressed with her. And I am, man, thankful to have some help that I can actually take a day off. Right. But I do. Yeah. I said, I can't take a day off work. And my people are like, oh, my God, are you okay? What's wrong? Are you done? No, I'm not dying, you know, but I don't want to put my pants at work either. So if I've got diary.
michelle.lynn: Right?
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Okay, so that was, like, my biggest thing, too, is, like, when that comes back, I didn't have. I didn't know how to go any further check it and see if it was right or if there's something that I needed to be having the patient call about. So if there's some way to fly. But I do need to be able to put in units for Michelle, so. Or they are whoever is going to be checking it because occasionally we do need to units. I did find something that would be nice. You may have it, and I just don't know. So, you know, Facebook has an ad for everything, and there's an AI company for everything now. And my Facebook blows up with AI stuff since we've been doing this. But there was one that their advertisement was specifically about the 90785 that their AI caught that to make sure that it put a statement in there. So the correct statement for us to be able to bill for that. Do you know what that is, Adam? The complex that they code. Okay, so you have, you have to make one or three criteria. We had it on, like our template for Violet, that if we met one of those, that it would automatically document for us. But so the 90785, not every insurance will pay for it. But if you have a medical complexity, so say I have a very agitated parent that keeps on derailing the session, and they've complicated, they've made that. They've made that visit more complex than what it should have been, but it has to be documented. And so one of their advertisements for their AI company was, you know, we will catch that in there and we will make sure the documentation's there for the 90785 so that you can capture that billing. And it's not a great big amount, but you know every few dollars adds up. And so if that's something that you want to put on our long list of things that would be nice capturing that 90785 would be nice because I do have a lot of times where either I have a parent that is just non educated and you can't keep them on track to save your life or you have a spouse that comes in that is extremely upset and they've complicated the whole visit or there's lots of reason for you to have a complex visit. But anything that makes a visit harder than what a typical visit should be, but there's specific documentation that the AI will have to capture to be able to bill for that.
michelle.lynn: So in the statement in the in the. Chat, do you want to look that over and see if that's what the statement was.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: What's that now? I'm sorry.
michelle.lynn: I just dropped the statement in that you can usually drop into your notes.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Do you want to look at that
michelle.lynn: and see if that it looks like what they were talking about?
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Probably. See. Yes, that's exactly what I'm talking about. Yes. Yes, because it could be like a cup. There's there's three criteria, but yeah, it has to have the statement in there. I don't know if it has to have an example or not. I know it has to have like that a statement like that and then it would capture that. And I know 785. And again, I don't even know what that's on my pay schedule. I try to catch it on mine, but I will tell you, I know I miss it a whole lot more than I catch it just because I have a multitasking with so many things already. But we do have that. Because I mean, especially like our autistic kids that come in, we're always going to have a parent. We're always going to have like, I usually have a parent and they're social worker from the school that comes in with them. And sometimes it helps and sometimes it's like, oh, holy cow. Do I have to do this today? And so, you know, some of the visits, it's not that big a deal, but it is a big deal with some visits. You know, I've got our schizophrenic patients that have to come in with somebody else. I deal with a, I still have a pretty big Hispanic population. And I have to have a translator to translate because I do not speak in the Spanish. So I used to work at an FQHC and we had translators and my patients got attached to me. So when I left, they followed me and I was like, oh dude, I do not speak Spanish. And so I have to have a translator and I have to be very careful with how I do that. And so especially in mental health, but that you're, they're usually my family practice patients. But so I do have that. I need to learn Spanish. I got two Hispanic grandkids, but I just don't speak Spanglish. And I just tell them, baby, you're going to have to tell me in English because Grandma does not know Spanish. I need to learn it. But I don't, I don't know where I would fit to, but to intake that information. Right now, I'm doing too many things. But so this is like my big thing right now. Really like you guys are like my focus. I have put doing my whatnot because I wouldn't make no money on whatnot anyways. It was just like a hobby fun thing. So I've just even put that on hold. I'm not even doing any whatnot shows. I'm not focusing on jot stock getting my billing done and moving my patients over. The prescriber. I don't know. I don't think you have a lot to do with the prescribing, but oh my God, just most so you know, it sucks. All right. It is horrible. I do not like it at all, so that's not true. I do like some parts of it. But like, if you want to pass it along, you can make a note. When I open up our copia, which is the one that I use now, I can click on that medicine and it will tell me every time it's been filled. But most importantly for me specifically me in Arkansas is I can see who the prescriber was because every six months my doctor has to send a prescription for that schedule two, okay, for the all the Adderalls and, you know, five answers, all this, the stimulants. Okay. So I need to know when she sent it last and I cannot see that on this duo. It's so it's too oversimplified for what we need. And so I can't tell. I can go back and say when they had it filled, but it's not going to tell me who sent it. It's not going to, it is not organized in any kind of like fashion. Like it's a slow random. It's easy to pull over their medicine list, but it doesn't tell me who did it. And I sometimes need to know who prescribed that medicine last. So the prescriber, I like how this the controls are sent super easy. I really like that. But man, like I needed to change a prescription like I when I wanted to change a milligram. I have to go in and put the whole new prescription in for if I want to go from five to 10 milligrams. And Arco. I can just click a drop down and change it to the next thing. I don't have to put in a whole new prescription. I can just change the milligram on it and it'll update it. So I don't know if that's something Duo can do or dose spot or whatever they call it. This duo on my phone. They've got some features that are really good. But they are not offering a whole lot of features for $75 a month for a prescriber. So you guys might want to look at that and see, are they going to update that? We also need that medicine list, which I've already told you this. It's on our list. It needs to interface with jot site so that the med list match from JotSAC to Duo and back and forth so that it should interface and update. On your side and our copia does do that. I don't know if it's just like, I know you guys got a lot of things to pick and a lot of decisions to make. It's not the end of the world. I can figure it out if I have to. But. It's going to be a more time consuming thing for me today. But legally I have to every six months my prescriber has to send the stimulant right now until they change that rule. They're supposed to, but you know, they've been supposed to do it for two years and they've done it yet.
Adam Harrison: All right. Well, I certainly will relay that all back and thank you again. This has been super helpful.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Yeah, sorry. Did you figure out anything on cash pay?
Adam Harrison: Cash pay as in like patient payments or cash
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: pays in like if my patient is cash pay, I'm not going to be. So I need a, I need a, so like it's not in there. So, you know, you moved over my fee schedule. I had a cash pay for different things. And so I have to collect it right now. I had to go back in my Valentine and collect my cash pay because there's no way in JobSite for me to collect. So I can send them a thing, but I can't create a bill. Does that make sense? So, like, I create a claim for a visit, but for if they have insurance, but if they don't have insurance, I need to be able to create a, like a dummy claim that automatically puts it to patient responsibility. That's a cash pay so that it creates a bill for them because, you know, for that visit. So we do it cash pay. Some people do self pay. I don't care. I mean, we, it's a debit card. I do collect cash sometimes, but there's just not a way for me to. Collect that money and say I collected cash or I collected. I don't do checks. But anyways, debit card, but there needs to be a way for our self pay because I do have some self pay. So that and then on when we cancel a patient. So tell me, is there, I didn't, I have not looked. Is there a way for us to go back and look at a patient at their past appointments? And if we hit cancel, is it going to show that they've canceled three times in a row? Or do we need to have that calendar mates right now when my patient cancels, it leaves them on the calendar, but it marks them as canceled. And when I look at their past appointments, I can see they canceled, rescheduled or no showed so many appointments. And so if I got a patient that's complaining because they didn't get their prescription, well, you've no showed the last three times. I can look in there and I can see that right now when I hit cancel, it just totally removes them from the calendar. And so I don't have a way. That's just like, again, just as we use this little things that we're going to find that, you know, we have some people that abuse that and we don't usually charge our no show fee unless we've got somebody that's abusing it and then we have to be careful that they're not a Medicaid patient or Medicare funded, you know, patient, you know, there's a lot of rules. So that's one reason we don't do it all the time.
Adam Harrison: You can, you can mark them as no show, but if you just delete the appointment or reschedule, you're not going to see a log of that.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: So all that, I don't know when they're free scheduling. But even if I hit like, so the cancel button, like they canceled, I mean, I know what they done. It, it removes them from the calendar. Yes. But I don't know what happens after that.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, exactly. So you, I totally see what you're saying. We, we, we don't surface that far yet. I haven't gotten that far, but it's on our radar.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Okay. And that's, and that's why, you know, my, my contract's not out with Violet until June or July. So, I mean, I've got a calendar and I'm okay. These are just things that as we move forward that when people get ready to move over to you guys, they're going to expect to be able to do within their calendars and things like that that, that I run across with the usage. I can see it on my other one right now. I'm not that worried about. It's not an emergent need, but it's something that you will, you will need it in the future on your calendar. Like I said, we live and breathe in our calendar. Everything's in our calendar. That's where we all work from. So, and then the colors, my staff is like, everything's blue. I'm like, I know, I know.
Adam Harrison: Right? Or blue.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: So work in progress. I know.
Adam Harrison: So work in progress. But thank you so much. Yeah. And we are working on it.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: And I will be doing, my plan is tomorrow to work on some more chards. The problem is when me for turning is that I am scheduled every 20 minutes till six o'clock on Monday and Tuesday. So I, I work really hard on Monday and Tuesday. Then I work on paperwork Wednesday to catch up usually. So I'll probably work on some tomorrow if my laptop comes in. I really don't want to come to work just to work on my desktop. If not, then I will be dropping a bunch this weekend. And I'm happy to separate them and match the Blue Cross Blue Shield unless you fix that interface. Did you get that fixed?
Adam Harrison: Was it showing Blue Cross?
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: So when they moved over my Blue Cross Blue Shield people, yeah, it's not, it doesn't match to the Arkansas Blue Cross Blue Shield. I have to go in there. And put the blue. I have to go in and select from the drop down at their Blue Cross Blue Shield. And I don't care to do that right now. It's only one insurance. It's not that big a deal. But if you move over anybody else's, you might want to know that.
Adam Harrison: That it's not. We're working on that one.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: But as long as you're aware of it, it's not a big deal right now. I can drop it down because I'm I am checking their insurance information as I move them over so that hopefully we don't get like a bunch of kickback on anything in the beginning while we're trying to get it worked out.
Adam Harrison: Yeah. Okay. And Amanda, I am actually going to be departing Jot psych in early April, so you will be with Michelle and Jackson, which will be, I think, actually. More to come on that soon. But I've really enjoyed getting you up and running here. But I think it'll actually maybe even be a better setup for you because you'll have Jackson who can actually, like, write the code himself, whereas I am sort of just a messenger back and forth. So you'll have the ear of Jackson, and I think it's going to be great. So excited.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: I hate to see you go. You're good to work with. I hate that. So, but I know everybody has their. Goals in life and things they want to do. So good luck with whatever you do. But I do hate to see you go.
Adam Harrison: Yeah. Well, thank you so much, Amanda. I really enjoy being part of the team and working with you and, you know, so it's very bittersweet for sure. But I'm excited to see, you know, when this system gets fully up and running. Like, you know, I think it's just really exciting. So I think you're in very good hands, obviously, with Jackson.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Yes, yes. Everybody's been great. Everybody's been great. So I've been very pleased. But good luck with everything. And I don't know if I'll see you again, but if I don't, good luck. If I do, then I'll see you the next time we come around. I'll keep emailing you until you tell me I'm not going to.
Adam Harrison: I'm here for another, you know, week or two. So I won't be going anywhere for now, but I did want to give you a heads up. We've already been doing the transition plan.
Adam Harrison: So it should be totally seamless for you.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: All right, sounds good. Michelle, is there anything I need to do to make things easier on my part with you?
michelle.lynn: Nope. I think we're good for right now.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Okay. All right. Thank you so much. Y'all have a good day.
michelle.lynn: Take care. Bye.