Emily Kaiser: Can you hear me okay?
Manar Salah: Hi, can you hear me?
Emily Kaiser: Yes, I can.
Manar Salah: Okay.
Emily Kaiser: How are you?
Manar Salah: Good. How are you?
Emily Kaiser: I'm good. Thank you for joining and your interest in JotStar.
Manar Salah: T. I just want to see what it's about, how much it'll cost me.
Emily Kaiser: Yeah, exactly. Can you tell me how familiar are you with job psych?
Manar Salah: I've never used that.
Emily Kaiser: Okay. So you've never done a trial or anything.
Manar Salah: No. This friend I work for, and she just did a seven day trial, but I never clicked. I never, I was just too busy. I never got around to it. And then the trial ended. Okay.
Emily Kaiser: No problem. Okay, cool. So I guess if you could maybe just start by telling me a little bit about, you know, about your practice and where you are currently as far as are you a sole provider? Are you a part of a clinic? All of those things do have a website.
Manar Salah: So I have, I work four days a week for a company, happier living online, but I, but I do my own side thing.
Emily Kaiser: Okay.
Manar Salah: The friend that I worked with, she has a local clinic and I work one day with her Thursdays, but I still do Alma on the side for me. I did set up a website. But I really only got one person through it. It's not, it's been up since November, I think, and nothing's coming. Okay. I saw that you guys do the website, you do credential and you do everything and then the documentation.
Emily Kaiser: Yes, exactly. So Jot Start specifically is kind of just to give you a little bit of background on, yeah, it sounds like you're familiar with Jawsite, but you haven't had a chance to use it. So JotSych started, as you know, as the AI scribe, and we're moving into the billing space for, well, just to give you the why, basically we're hearing from a lot of clinicians that there are too many systems needed, basically to work your day to day. From the billing, from the note taking to the EHR to the credentialing, the perspective of all things start specifically, we're hearing that there's two main blocks from clinicians building their own practice, which is getting found online and getting credentialed with payers. We know that both are time consuming and they can be just easy or messy processes, but both are basically easy for us with the tooling that we've developed. So there's Jot site. Let me go ahead and share my screen so you can see what I see. Okay, can you see this? Okay. Give me one quick second. I'm just going to plug something. So there's jot site, which is basically the website building and jot cred. And the two of those together make jot start. So jot credits credentialing and doing all of those things. If I scroll down here, still see my screen. Yes. Okay. So if I scroll down, this is kind of like a timeline. So basically, if you wanted to do both, if you wanted to do both the credentialing and the website building, here's how it works. So we do a kickoff call. We collect a few documents from you, and then we do an interview to kind of understand your practice and kind of your why and what you want more patients seeing as they enter your space, as in your website. And then from weeks one to three, typically after a week, the website will go live. It takes us about a week to do a review, a reveal to you, and then the website goes live and the scheduling insurance displays and your stories basically are all active. And then weeks one to 12 consist of like payer applications file. So when it comes to credentialing. Here. So here's an example of Jot site. Here's an example of jot crowd and everything that is kind of entails in the process. So the are you handled credentialing currently or with Alma?
Manar Salah: So Alma does it. Yes, but they only have two. They only have Aetna and Cigna. They have Blue Cross in Ohio. So I have multiple state licensures too. Some of them signed up with North Carolina and Ohio and New York. Okay. I did sign up for Aetna for myself because I wanted to go up on my own. I started that process and then kind of gave up. But I did get Anna in the process.
Emily Kaiser: Okay.
Emily Kaiser: So Andrew said is important just because that's kind of what differentiates us from Alma and like headway grow another third party. Basically, when you get credentialed through them, it stays with them. Even if you're leaving and you want to start your own practice or you want to do a side hustle, whatever it may be, the credentialing stays with them. And with dots start with all of the things that you see right here on your screen with the Jot site, the website bill, that is completely yours that's not attached to Drop Psych. So even if you disconnect from Jot Psych, that is still yours. It is an independent operating website for you.
Manar Salah: But you touch 300 per insurance carrier.
Emily Kaiser: Yes.
Emily Kaiser: So dot grid, basically we do $350 to set up you as a provider. And that is the CHQ profile and all things like that. And then it's 300 per payer. So with each payer we connect you to, it would be $300. And again, it's the same thing. It's completely independent. So if you were ever to separate from JotSych, that would be basically we're getting you up on your feet as like a sole provider.
Manar Salah: Okay. Now I already have the CHQ profile that set up. There's companies that always talks me about doing each payer for like 70 bucks. If I were to do that and then just brought it all, do I skip that job cred?
Emily Kaiser: It?
Manar Salah: Yeah. If I did basically my own jot cred, like not so what you guys want to do for JockCard, if I brought in all the insurances. And I already applied through them by myself.
Emily Kaiser: Yeah.
Manar Salah: Because it shouldn't cost 300 prepare. Like I have a lot of people companies that text me offering to pay like $70 per application or $60 per application. If I brought all that on my own. Can I skip all this?
Emily Kaiser: Start? You do not have to sign up with both job site and drop cred. A lot of people just like to combination it. But you could do simply job site and we do a website build for you. The 99 fee. And then if you wanted to host it on your own independently with like the maintenance and the fees of doing all of the just monthly website stuff, you can certainly do that. But if you wanted us to handle that on our end, it's $49 a month. Okay.
Manar Salah: More about what the hosting is, what you would be doing for me.
Emily Kaiser: Yeah. So hosting is basically just there is going to be monthly fees associated with keeping your website live and all up to like updating calendars basically. If you were a jot psych customer an option for your website is to have an embedded calendar on your website that goes directly to JotSite. So you could manage your schedule. The job psych you could manage your appointments. That's where your AI scribe could be your EHR extensions, all the things, but it's all completely optional. Basically, JotSync is moving in this direction of being a one stop shop for clinicians because we're getting so much feedback that so many things necessary. So we're offering them all, but they're not all necessary. Think about it like a la carte.
Manar Salah: Okay, but it's something that I can maintain. Like I'll connect my calendar. Is it something with billing that you guys have to? Take part of?
Emily Kaiser: No. So if you wanted to strictly do the one time website build, we could do that and then you can post it on your own and do the maintenance and all things like that. We do dot bill if that was, is that your question as far as what is kind of entailed in that. Yeah. So that's just kind of rather than working with like a third party. We handle everything from. Getting your. Patient's credentialed essentially and like matching them with your payers. We make sure that all things are valid before the session. And then when you're having the session, we're making sure that dependent on their payer and their insurance and the type of appointment and the billing code that all of the information that you have in your note is applicable. So we're validating it based off of being a payer aware note. And from there it goes through an auditing system before submitting to billing. And make sure again we're validating all of the things that, you know, all the boxes are checked and then all jot sites end, we push it through to the insurance and then we handle any back and forth of information that the insurance may need between you and the insurance rather than doing filling independently on your own. So that is also that's job bill, which is another offer that we have.
Manar Salah: Okay. How much is that one monthly?
Emily Kaiser: Job bill? Let me show you. So it's dependent on what kind of package you sign up for. There's like an essentials, there's a main and then there's a full package. It goes for, it ranges from 4% to 8%. So the options are 4%, 6%, 8%. And basically we take that percentage of successful collections. Once you've been paid.
Manar Salah: Okay. You can go in order. Sorry. If billing comes later, that's fine.
Emily Kaiser: Oh no, that's okay. I actually wasn't going to cover billing, but I can certainly pull up that information just as far as jot start. This is kind of the information that you're seeing on your screen. This is to kind of close this up. This is jot start. So you again, you don't have to choose both. You can choose whatever works for you as far as, you know, I only want the website billed. I want to host it independently. That's completely okay. This is kind of just when thinking about it. On math terms and kind of like, because I know that it can be intimidating that $300 a payer. But if you look at it like this. So each credential payer typically represents three or three to nine thousand a month.
Manar Salah: Yeah, it's always full time.
Emily Kaiser: Sure.
Manar Salah: But it's like a side job. I do like a few a week.
Emily Kaiser: Yeah. So some people, what they do is they do an analysis basically of their customer base and they look at their payers. Like if you have two main payers or even one main payer, then that's what people like. Just start by getting credentialed with. And then they, the more their business grows and the more clients they have coming in and insurances they use. That's when they start adding them to their jot credit list.
Manar Salah: Okay.
Emily Kaiser: I'll leave this screen up so you can kind of look at this and then I'm going to pull up jot bill. Presentation that I can show you. Any questions. I know we went over a lot of information.
Manar Salah: When I tried to apply for Optum, it was telling me that I already have too many accounts open with other companies and I refuse to give me. Like and close down like with other companies. And I just don't want to be blocked from if I wanted to start my own.
Emily Kaiser: Way around that, you know? Yeah, no, totally. I definitely get that. I haven't come across that yet. Are you asking if we can handle that on our end like disconnecting you from companies?
Manar Salah: Yeah. And then so then I can have the opportunity to have my own.
Emily Kaiser: Yeah. Right now that's not something that we offer. I could definitely give feedback to the team. Like I said, I haven't had some requests this yet. So I need to get back to our team and kind of see if they think that that's something that we want to do. But right now it's not something we offer.
Manar Salah: That's okay.
Emily Kaiser: My screen here.
Manar Salah: And then you do multiple states.
Emily Kaiser: Multiple states. So what we would do from here, the process kind of looks like if you were, if you did want to go through with this and do the website bill, we'll say if you wanted to even just start with a website build and think about the credentialing part. What we would do is we would set up a follow up call. It'd be about 30 minutes and we do a 15 to 30 minute interview. Asking you questions about just your why and how you got into a clinical space and things that are important to your practice. And again, what you want patients seeing as they enter your space and we kind of build your website from that. Typically it takes us about a day to build your website. But then we want to collect things from you like your CV and your headshot and anything that you want on your website. So after that. It takes about like a full week to do a website reveal, but our team works very quickly.
Manar Salah: That's okay. Yeah. Do you guys advertise at all?
Emily Kaiser: So we personally don't do the advertising. You will have your own professional website. So if you were to do the hosting of it, you could kind of set up that MSO to pop up when people search specific things if you wanted to do that.
Manar Salah: You guys help with that or I have to find it on my own.
Emily Kaiser: That's a good question. I, as I said it, I am not 100% sure. So let me ask and I can get back to you if that's okay.
Manar Salah: Yeah. Because for example with Aetna, I have a client that I see people in North Carolina. That's my side job with Alma. Somehow the person found my directory in North Carolina and they ended up booking with my local. Do North Carolina, but she still took that patient on. So now she takes 30% of my income from that. It's like a 3070 thing with her. Yes. But North Carolina was my alma side job. So I went into the Aetna. I tried to find like a directory. I can update, put my website, but I couldn't find anything. I couldn't change anything.
Emily Kaiser: So that's kind of the benefit of doing JotStart and kind of individually the John site and the job cred is it's all independent. You know, it's like we set you up. We kind of get you on your feet as far as connecting you with payers and creating that website, and then it's completely independent to you as a professional from there. It's not connected to Jot site, you know, or job site, I should say. Yeah. You can kind of do what you want with it once it's built.
Manar Salah: But I want clients to find me my own side thing.
Emily Kaiser: Well, it would be everything all in one website. Do you know what I mean?
Emily Kaiser: Like you would just be you on the website that they would find.
Manar Salah: Right. But the directory for the insurance companies, it would have my job psych website.
Emily Kaiser: It would have, well, it would say it wouldn't be jot psych. It would be whatever the name of your practice is.
Manar Salah: Yeah, I just don't want her office being the main thing that's coming up on the directories.
Emily Kaiser: Right.
Manar Salah: So her office meaning, because that's how the patient ended up booking with her. Cause when she clicked my name, it went to the local provider in, in New York. Right. Instead of because North Carolina, I'm not even affiliated with her.
Emily Kaiser: Right. So I guess what we would do then for your website is to really build your book of business independently. We would probably embed your calendar and make your calendar so it would only go to your personal. Calendar and your personal schedule rather than the other office.
Manar Salah: Yeah, but I think it falls back on the directory from the insurance company, like when they're advertising me. That, that credentialed with like at all. She, you know, it was from the atena website that she, when she clicked my name, it went to my. New York local office instead of.
Emily Kaiser: And just to confirm, was that from the insurance company or was that from Alma?
Manar Salah: From her insurance company, she was looking at the directory to see who takes her insurance. She saw my name and I said, did you Google me? And then she was like, well, I'm sorry, I don't remember, but I found your name through her insurance carrier. Okay. So I don't know if somehow if when you click my name through the directory under insurance company, it routed. Her to my local office, which is in New York. Have to do anything with North Carolina.
Emily Kaiser: Yeah, no, that's a good question. I'm thinking that if we are doing a credentialing on our end, if, if a customer or a patient were to go that route and go directly through their insurance and, you know, navigate that way, then it would lead back to your personal website. If they're doing a, if they have an insurance that if it's with a payer that we've connected you with. You know what I mean?
Manar Salah: Yeah. And then you would charge 300 for every state separately.
Emily Kaiser: 300 per payer. So dependent on, I know that there's different payers for different states, but dependent on. Exactly like we would have to get specific as far as which payer for which.
Manar Salah: No. For example, or, or United Health, for example, I want a license. I have a license in New York, North Carolina, everywhere. So would it be 300 for United Health New York, 300 United House, just 300 for United Health. Okay. And you can apply to multiple states under that 300. Just confirm it, because if that's true, then I'll, I'll, I'll do the credentialing because I have a lot of state licensures and I want to use some of them.
Emily Kaiser: Yeah. Let me ask, just to be 100% sure, but I am 99% sure. And while I am pulling that up. I don't want to derail you. Okay. If any other jot start questions, please let me know. But I know you also want some information on Jot Bill so I can pull that up as well.
Manar Salah: Okay.
Emily Kaiser: I just sent that over. Let's wait to get a response and I will share drop bill in the meantime. Okay. So I guess what I can start with here is this.
Manar Salah: Do you have another person at Tan?
Emily Kaiser: I do. Okay.
Manar Salah: I just before, if we can try to fit in also your other add-ons I just want to add. How much it would cost me a month.
Emily Kaiser: Yeah, no, absolutely. So I can show you where to find that information because we're doing all a cart. It depends on how you want to custom build it. It depends what type of features you want to add include. But yes, absolutely. I will show you how to navigate. So Jotville, essentially, this is talking about what Jotville is. Is a hybrid between AI and human billing engine. So it uses our note taking our tool that we've built for the AI scribe in that kind of analyzes it and then it goes to our human billing team where we kind of validate all of the things and make sure that all boxes are checked and we can communicate with insurance and you can kind of be the middleman if anything additional is needed. So this is kind of how it breaks down. So you'll see pre encounter. So before you go in and you record a session with. Your patient with AI scribe. Basically that's where eligibility comes in. So before each appointment, Jotville is confirming your patient's insurance, making sure that aligns with you, making sure they're in your network, all those things. During an encounter is where JotSec is writing a clean payer aware note. So again, based off of the type of appointment, their type of insurance and what kind of necessity, what kind of information is a necessity. For that insurance, we are creating your note based off of that information based off of billing codes, you know, CPT codes and just payer roles. And in the background, we're gently prompting you or John Bill is gently prompting you for any information that is missing. After the encounter is where you are going to sign and then Jotville takes over and again, we validate all of the claim essentially and we submit it automatically on our end. And then you always have access to this. If you can see where my mouse is all the way to the right, it is a financial review. So it's a real time dashboard basically showing you exactly what was billed, exactly what was paid, what was denied, and what was fixed to show you kind of reoccurring patterns. Any questions there? Just talking about the fact that we do eligibility checks and we do pay your aware documentation. Here is a list of some of the payers that we connect with as well as 3,000 others. And then clean claim generation again, just focusing on validating all of the different payer quirks and modifiers and, you know, information needed.
Manar Salah: Okay.
Emily Kaiser: So this is where I was talking about pricing, how you can choose four, six or 8%. It's completely up to you on what package works best. But like you said, like working with a third party, they're taking 30% from your successful claims and everything collections, I should say. And this is a lot different. It's a big difference in the two, especially if you're working as a sole provider and you're trying to move your business independently. You want to collect majority of that income. Yeah, that's why we've kind of chosen these different package levels.
Manar Salah: One thing Emily, though, is with Alma. You know how they take their 20, 30%. When I applied for Aetna on my own, they were paying me $30 less than what Alma would pay me. So on top of Alma taking 30% When I apply for my own ATNA, it was still another 30% 30,000 less than has like a good deal with insurance companies that they overcharge. And then, so that's why I haven't used ANA on my own yet because it's per client, it was $30 less. So I'm assuming maybe $60 more at Alma gets from insurance companies. So even if I applied for myself, I'm still going to get paid a lot less than all mine.
Manar Salah: So when 4%, 6% sounds nice. But they don't pay us as much as Alma pays us.
Emily Kaiser: I see.
Manar Salah: Guys negotiate prices. That's a good question.
Emily Kaiser: I'm not 100% sure. That is something I want to get you an accurate answer on.
Emily Kaiser: I want to be as sure as possible. So let me get back to that because I am just not sure.
Manar Salah: Yeah. For example, our initial appointments, Alma pays us like $300 for the hour. Aetna was is paying me like 270. If I went on my own. So then 6% would be of the 270. So I'm losing even more. But if I can kind of get like what Elmo prices are, then that would be good, but it does have to be negotiated, I believe.
Emily Kaiser: Okay. Yeah, let me get back to you on that because I want to be sure as well.
Manar Salah: Yeah. Because Alma's given me 300, but they're already taking their 20, 30%. Right. That's really higher. Price that they're. They've made companies.
Emily Kaiser: Definitely. Okay, so let me just show you. If you go to jobsite.com on your end, I want to show you how to navigate to all the pricing options.
Manar Salah: Yeah, I've seen it. I think I want to like the EHR. One of the medications. So it does add up to a lot. And then that's all on the side. And then you guys still take your percentage.
Emily Kaiser: Right? Yes. But I mean in comparison to all the systems that you're probably currently using separately for all of those things. I just would highly recommend that you compare the monthly costs of all the different systems versus JotSync being all in one. And then simply workflow functionality, right?
Manar Salah: Yeah. But like, say the medication system I'm paying 30,000 a month. You guys are double, I think. I'm on it right now. H, where is that RX? You guys are 62 per month. I pay $30 for what I have now. And then Alma, the documentation is part of them. It's free. So I just got to try to find. Like all the extra side self features that you guys have. It does add up.
Emily Kaiser: Yeah, I think it would be good if we could set a follow up. Like I said, I do have to run at 10 and I want to make sure that I'm giving you time to ask any questions and do the comparison. So why don't we send a follow up? Do you have any time on. Maybe Monday? Or Tuesday?
Manar Salah: Monday. I have a break from like 12:15 to 12:45 or so far 10:00 a.m. is open to. 10, you know, 10:00 a.m. to 11:35 there's a gap. But with my job, they'll throw on people randomly. They only give me an hour notice. So is it okay like if something came up, I can cancel just let me know.
Emily Kaiser: So why don't we schedule you right now for 12:15.
Manar Salah: Okay.
Emily Kaiser: Well, so I will go ahead and send you that calendar invite. And if anything comes up, just shoot me an email.
Manar Salah: Okay, that one should be my lunch break. They shouldn't book anybody. So that should be fine.
Emily Kaiser: Okay, great. Well, thank you for your time. It was nice to meet you and I will have some more concrete answers for the next time.
Manar Salah: All right. Thank you, Emily. Bye.