Adam Harrison: Share my screen here. And before I do, just want to kind of recap my understanding from Nate, just to make sure we're sort of we're speaking the same language on everything.
Adam Harrison: But it sounds like you kind of want to focus on just medi cal for the scope of this project. Is that right? You want to bill for those patients and keep everything else separate right now.
Adedayo Adebisi: Yeah, for now. I'm just saying. Many call. Pronouns and maybe later if I have, then I can switch because I already have billers for other except do you do tricare? I'm sorry. Testimony. Do you build Tricare too, or.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, we bill. We bill everyone. So it's totally up to you, just what you want to do.
Adedayo Adebisi: Because you did credentialing for for Tricare, by any chance?
Adam Harrison: We do credentialing as well. Yes.
Adedayo Adebisi: Oh, okay. So maybe that's what I'm consider Tricare Theater. But anyways. Yeah, yeah, maybe call for now. Yeah.
Adam Harrison: Okay, perfect. Yeah, happy to circle back on the credentialing stuff sometime later on, but we definitely do. Credentialing as well. But we can focus on. Yeah, we can focus on Medi Cal right now. And you just have, I think, like a handful of patients there, right? Only five to six patients.
Adedayo Adebisi: For now, I have to kind of stop them, because within a day I had of. Six. Okay, so 10 or so. So I had to stop. I had to, like. Block them from scheduling so I wouldn't have too much. I just want to make sure I can build them first and see how that would go. But yes, I could have more.
Adam Harrison: Okay, got it, got it. Just wanted to make sure. And then. Yeah. And then let's. I'll go ahead and share my screen and we can kind of get into things from there, actually. So this, you know, I'll send this to you afterwards. It's kind of our onboarding document. I'm just going to give you kind of a preview of what the process looks like. A lot of this we can kind of do asynchronously, like I mentioned. And, yeah, because it's medi Cal, I think, you know, there does. There is a little bit of a wait time for them to actually, like, approve. It's called EDI enrollment, which is where we can basically submit claims to Medi Cal. So that'll be kind of like the thing we try to get ahead of. So the sooner we get sort of the core information from you, the sooner we can start submitting claims. But I'll just let me zoom in here and kind of walk you through. What the major things are. So there's kind of, you know, the left hand side here is things we'll need, you know, kind of on your side, right hand side things that we will be handling on our end. So from your end, it's helpful, usually, for us to get a little bit of an overview of your practice. In this case, right? Since we're just doing medi cal. Not. Not as important to go into detail here, but, you know, it's helpful to understand kind of what, you know, tools you're using for your ehr. If you are doing just med management or a mix of that and psychotherapy. Et cetera, et cetera. We do usually ask that you just give us an admin access to your ehr. And the reason for that is so we can migrate all the patient data over to job site. Now, if you only have five patients, we can maybe just do that manually. And it's not necessarily required, but the easiest way for you would just be, hey, I'm going to create an account for Adam in my, you know, whatever ehr you use, they'll migrate. Those 5, 6, 10 patients I want to bill for their stuff over. Next is we partner with a clearinghouse called Steady. And there is just like a one time setup that you will have to do on your end. To. To connect that to your Jots account. After that, you don't have to do. Yeah, sorry. Go ahead. Sorry, I was running through this too quickly.
Adedayo Adebisi: No. I'm so sorry. So you said. Do I need another EHR other than just site or can I just use just like for the patient direct?
Adam Harrison: Oh yeah, no, this is only if you have another ehr. So are you just using Jot Psych as your EHR
Adedayo Adebisi: for the medical patients I'll be using just. Just fight for them.
Adam Harrison: Okay. Do you already have their, like, address and insurance information in there?
Adedayo Adebisi: Yes, I have everything like the address, phone number, email, everything that needed.
Adam Harrison: Okay, then we can actually skip that step. So the only reason we would need your EHR is to, like, you know, a lot of people have something like, you know, another ehr, and then all the patient data is in there. So that's the only reason we have this. So we can. We can actually skip that step.
Adedayo Adebisi: If it's all in there.
Adam Harrison: Great. Yeah. So there's a one time setup with steady. It'll take probably like 15 minutes or so. I'll send you a guide on how to do that. But it's a one time thing, and then you never have to worry about it again. We just need to connect that to your job site account. We'll need to collect some payer documents to get like be able to do the enrollment with with medi cal from job site and to make sure like eras and things like that are going to the right place. So we'll spend maybe like five minutes on this call just talking through that to make sure it's. It's really clear. And then. I don't know. Do you use Drought Sleek for billing your patients already? Do you have a stripe set up? Do you know?
Adedayo Adebisi: So I have. I did stripe. So yesterday I was a little bit not to be that work. So I kind of went through Judge pike, you know, things I haven't used before. So I was able to set up Stripes to see if I could build some of my ADHD patients. That I will be billing cash for your test. So. Yes.
Adam Harrison: Okay, perfect. So, yeah, I would say that's good. That sounds like that's already done. Like, usually what we would do is, you know, for the patients that you're using jots, like for billing insurance, you would also typically, you know, bill through stripe within job psych for those patients as well. So those are the only things you need to worry about on our side. We'll do all the, like, setup on the job site account and with like, any payers that you want to enroll with and, you know, do all the, like, testing around that. Any questions so far. Otherwise, I think we should talk about getting, like, some of the. Your enrollment information, because that. That will be, like, the thing that is the constraint to getting things actually set up.
Adedayo Adebisi: Yeah. My question is. So if I were to see a new patient. So I would just, like, put their insurance information. On job site, you know, their insurance information. And, and it shows that will they show me how much gold pay they have or, you know, on. How does that work?
Adam Harrison: Yeah, exactly. So we'll. Once we get all the, like, info in here, we'll do a. We'll do kind of a training session on, like, how that all works. But, yes, you'll be able to do the. You'll just. You can send them an intake form through Jot Psych. They'll. Fill out their information. They'll, you know, do consent signatures, all that stuff. That will populate all of their like demographic and insurance info into job psych. Then from there you can run eligibility check. It will tell you whether they are covered and what their copay is or what their patient responsibility is. So that is how, like, intake would typically work. And then from there, all you would need to do is, you know, see the patient, complete the note. And then basically sign the note and press, like, submit to billing, and then we would handle everything from there. So once we're, like, all good and live, we will do a training on all that, just to, like, walk you through the workflow. But it probably makes sense to just get all the insurance information, like in our system, get the clearinghouse done, and then we'll do the training, like, right before you're ready to start. Just so it's, like, fresh in your mind. All right, perfect.
Adedayo Adebisi: How long. So, for example, if I see a patient, maybe I saw. You know, last week or so. And then I got everything all set over, like, maybe, give or take a month. Could I still build them?
Adam Harrison: Yes. So different payers have different. They call it like, timely filing requirements. So for for medical is typically more generous than other. Than other like payers. So I think it is you have 180 days from the data service. To submit a claim. So if you already have existing notes from those. From those patients in job psych.
Adedayo Adebisi: We can.
Adam Harrison: We can submit those for you. So all you need to do is, like, basically sign those notes and then press, like, submit to billing, and then we would be able to submit for your, like, older claims as well. Do you have, like, a lot of unbilled encounters from earlier this year or last year?
Adedayo Adebisi: No, I just. Got my own personal medical few days ago.
Adam Harrison: Okay?
Adedayo Adebisi: Yeah. So you guys seen them, like? Yesterday or. So.
Adam Harrison: Oh, so you just completed your sort of enrollment with them?
Adedayo Adebisi: Yes. Because I. The one I had for three years was with a group. That I worked with my. Yeah. So I wanted to have my own. So I just got approved about a few days ago.
Adam Harrison: Okay, so you would just be billing for the ones in your, like, new.
Adedayo Adebisi: Yeah.
Adam Harrison: You're just going to be billing for the ones that are, like, credentialed with you now.
Adedayo Adebisi: Yes, with me. Yes. It's that.
Adam Harrison: Okay, so, yeah, we can definitely submit. We. We can submit retroactively, like, up to when you were credentialed. So, you know, if you saw someone today who was medi. Cal. And we don't get set up to bill until, like, a week from now. You could still submit a claim for that person. It's just like, the date that the credentialing is effective is sort of the, like, starting point.
Adedayo Adebisi: Okay?
Adam Harrison: Any other questions. Otherwise, I'll keep going here.
Adedayo Adebisi: Yeah. Not right. Now.
Adam Harrison: Okay, great. So I'm going to skip ahead here a little bit. These are kind of this table here. I'm not sure if you can see. These are the most important things that we need to set to start the medical EDI enrollment process. So we basically just need to know, like, what information Medi Cal has on file for you, whether it's like, a group npi. An individual mpi. You know, Ein Tax id, Practice name, address. Medi. Cal also has a specific provider id. So I'll send you, like, a document that outlines all of these, like, things that we would need. But. But are these things, if you also, like, have them on hand right now, we can also kind of, like, go through it now, and I can just jot them down. So are these things that you know for medi cal, like, do you know which MPI your credentialed with? You know which, like, address they have on file?
Adedayo Adebisi: Yeah. Because I'm driving right now, Charlie. So I can say, as soon as they get word, I'll spend everything to you. Are you going to send me an email?
Adam Harrison: Yeah.
Adedayo Adebisi: So I can reply. You okay?
Adam Harrison: Yeah, I'll send you an email. Yeah, I'll send you an email later today. And that will have, like, everything that we need, and it'll include, like, the process to get set up and everything. But this, I just wanted to kind of, like, highlight that this is, you know, this and the steady enrollment. Are, like, the most important things, but I'll send you, like, a detailed guide on how that setup works.
Adedayo Adebisi: Yeah. So mpi and. A practice address that I use. Right. That we use that they use in the process. Safe, okay?
Adam Harrison: Yeah. And like, Medi Cal also will give you, like, a specific medical id. That'll be important. So, anyway, I'll put it in email because there's, like, a few different things. But most important is just, you know, basically, what do they have on file for you so that when we submit a claim, it gets, like, matched to you in their system.
Adedayo Adebisi: Y. Es.
Adam Harrison: Okay, great. Anything else that you have initial questions on. Otherwise. I think from here, we can just kind of take things over email and then. And then kind of go from there.
Adedayo Adebisi: Yeah, sounds good. I don't think I have any more questions. Y. Eah. Do you know how long it takes? Okay, you may not know, but I will ask anyways. You know how long it takes to get credentials for like Tricare for example?
Adam Harrison: Oh, I would have to check with my The ARC credentialing team on that.
Adam Harrison: If you're interested, I could set you up with just, like, an exploratory call with. With them, but I don't know off the top of my head, but I certainly could, like, connect you. It actually. It's actually, Nate is, like, leading that for us, so if you wanted, I could find some. More time for you to chat through that with him.
Adedayo Adebisi: Okay. Is it worth. I'm also going to ask if. Do you know how much? They charge. Like medical? Like a typical visit, an initial visit for a patient, or do you have any. Any ideas?
Adam Harrison: You mean, like. Sorry for. You're talking about credentialing or you're talking about, like, your. Your patients when you have, like, a claim that you're submitting for a new patient.
Adedayo Adebisi: Yes. And I have a claim for a new patient for medical. Do you know how much they kind of save, you know? For initial visits.
Adam Harrison: Yeah. So it'll depend on, like, your specific fee schedule. So they should have shared that with you, and you got credentialed. And that's one of the things that we we ask for in the onboarding.
Adam Harrison: But, you know, I think it depends a little bit on, like, just your specific contract and your kind of credentials that you have, and then they make a determination based on that. I know it's typically like, you know, I think it's a little bit less than other payers typically, but I don't have, like, specifics right now. But the way we would do the fee schedule is we just request a fee at, like, a higher rate than they actually reimburse so that you're all, what? You're never. Kind of like, they will only pay you up to, like, their contracted amount anyway.
Adedayo Adebisi: Okay? Yeah, I don't think I saw any contract, but yeah. Okay. Yeah, that's. That's fine. I know it's usually lower than other peers. I don't. Volume. Okay. All right. Thank you. That works. Best. Yeah. That's good.
Adam Harrison: Great.
Adam Harrison: Well, thank you so much for hopping on a call here. I will.
Adedayo Adebisi: Yeah, I'll.
Adam Harrison: I'll send you an email. It'll probably just be, like, later today, if that's okay with you, and then we'll take things from there. Could we set up just a quick 15 minute touch point? Maybe in a week from now, just. Just so we can. We can, like, kind of check in on how this is going and maybe schedule. Schedule a training, like, if needed. We'll have to see, like, how the enrollment process is going.
Adedayo Adebisi: Yeah, sure.
Adam Harrison: Okay. Do you want to do this time the same time a week from now? Actually might have. Conflict. What about Thursday at the same time?
Adedayo Adebisi: Let's see. At 8:30. Yeah.
Adam Harrison: Okay, great. I will send you an invite. We can just keep it to probably more like a phone call like this like 15 minute sort of quick check in. And then we might need to. We'll either be ready to go, and we can do, like, kind of the full training for you on how to use jot psych for this, or, you know, I might be like, hey, Medi, Cal is taking some time, and it's going to. We might need to push. That out another week or something like that.
Adedayo Adebisi: I'm so sorry. I know this question just popped into my head, you know, so for now, you know, I haven't. Had it, I could see the patient. Right. But the thing is, I would know what their coupe would be. Or what's going to look like. So if I. If I see them. And. I was to feel. And they have. They have copies. I just do, you know. Is it usually a lot of pulses? I don't think so. Right.
Adam Harrison: Even if Question. Good question. So I can see about. I can go ahead and turn on our eligibility check feature for your account. Actually, I can do that right now. So you'll have that, like, going forward. Typically, they do not have a copay, though. Typically, it'll be a zero dollar copay. Yeah, yeah.
Adedayo Adebisi: Will be good. Because what do we find for impatient and they're not. Either. Insurance is not active at that time. You know what I mean?
Adam Harrison: That definitely can happen. We definitely recommend doing an eligibility check, like, you know, pretty close to the appointment time. Yeah, that does happen all the time.
Adedayo Adebisi: Yeah. So that would be great if I could, you know, 25 was going to speed them. I know they're. They were active at that time. So I know I could see them later.
Adam Harrison: Yeah. So I'll have our engineering team turn that on for you and your account. I think it should show up today, but definitely you'll have it in your account, like, this week sometime. I just have to see how long it takes for them to, like, put it on your account, but it should be pretty quick.
Adedayo Adebisi: Ok, that's perfect. Thank you so, so much.
Adam Harrison: All right. Well, thank you for. Yeah, thanks for kind of getting started here. And we will be in touch over email.
Adedayo Adebisi: Okay, Sansa, thank you so much.
Adam Harrison: All right, take care. Bye.
Adedayo Adebisi: You, too. Bye. Bye.