Jackson Bierfeldt: Hi, neil.
ndandavati: Hi, jackson. How are you?
Jackson Bierfeldt: Good. Thanks so much for taking the call today. I hope you're feeling better.
ndandavati: Yes. Yeah, I got kind of struck by a bug, but
Jackson Bierfeldt: I got the same flu last week, so I don't know.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah, it's been going around.
ndandavati: I'm in the bay area, in east bay.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Okay, great. Yeah, we're out in Washington, D. C. So I guess it's gone cross country national.
ndandavati: That's right.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Great. Awesome. Well, thank you so much for taking the time. I think the best thing here is I kind of want to just introduce us and our project and then hear a little bit about you and your experience. And then we can kind of see if it might make sense for us to work together in some kind of a consultancy basis based on what it is that we're building. Does that work? Actually.
Jackson Bierfeldt: So, yeah, why don't you begin and just tell me a little bit about your background, what you've been doing professionally and your experience in the payer space.
ndandavati: Yeah, sure. So my name is Neil, and I grew up in the Bay Area. Spent most of my career out here. I did, fortunately, get a chance to escape California for a little while. Studied on the east coast at the Kennedy School at Harvard, and I'm in the East Bay these days. So professionally, I've spent time in healthcare policy for Medicare, so advising Medicare leadership on a variety of reforms that drove value based care. And then I've also been in provider operations for a major system out here, Kaiser Permanente. So just kind of on a personal level, I'm always thinking about how systems, and tech in particular, can impact people both externally, for example, patients, and also internally, like provider operations, making things run more efficiently. So in terms of that Medicare policy experience, just to kind of high level is that I advised and and led analysis on transforming the payment system for SNFs for skilled nursing facilities. So that work influenced a pretty large pool of payments, like 28.5 billion in payments or so. And it required getting familiar with the architecture of the, the payment system for Medicare. Right. So understanding how the different types of codes and those systems work together to, in order to use that for risk adjustment type of analyses. And so I worked on that, worked on clinician performance reports. So designing the reports and field testing them to capture something called episode based payments. So that was. That's a shift again away from fee for service and towards more value based care.
Jackson Bierfeldt: To capture.
ndandavati: Yeah, I've never.
Jackson Bierfeldt: I've never heard of Episode. So it's like one episode of your illness, like however many. Right.
ndandavati: So rather than just charge for, you know, an ER visit, it's thinking about an entire episode of Care. It's part of the macro program and, you know, from. From. Physician, visit to outpatient, everything, because that incentivizes the, the provider to think in terms of, you know, what are follow ups, what, you know, readmissions. Right. They all enter the payment picture. So. So that was, you know, a little bit about my Medicare experience. And then later on shifted into provider strategy and operations with Kaiser. So in that sense, I moved somewhat towards becoming a strategy ops generalist with a strong underpinning in policy and payment systems. But, you know, that that is kind of a direction I'VE taken over time is becoming more of that person who helps in particular now startups to design operating models to develop, you know, systems that help internal collaboration to run more effectively and also go to market operations is something that I've been specializing in lately with an early stage AI startup. Called rfpgo. AI that's kind of a high level, but, you know, happy to. To.
Jackson Bierfeldt: No. Super useful. Yeah.
ndandavati: Happy to hear what you're doing, and I'd love to hear about it from, you know, both the specific project perspective, but also maybe, you know, your general progress and direction you're taking as a company right now.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah, lovely. So we started jot psych about three years ago now. I started it with a co founder, friend. Friend from college. He kind of had a little bit more of a medical background through his family. I'm the cto, More the. The technologist side of things. And we started as an AI scribe. You know, working in behavioral health. So, you know, the whole AS AI scribe system. I'm sure everyone's super familiar with it at this point, but, you know, recording actual clinical encounters between primarily psychiatrists and psychologists and their clients and patients and then generating medical documentation after that. What we've learned over the years is that the number one reason why people are using scribes or generating medical documentation in general is for billing purposes. You know, billing and compliance and, you know, kind of those two things together. It's very rarely actually that someone really needs to remember something. You know, they have a lot of systems for doing that. It's more. Hey, I need to create a document that's in exactly this shape, has this specific language in it that this payer wants so that I can make sure that when I bill a 9 9214, it's not going to get denied, you know, for lacking medical necessity or something like that. So. As we've gone and specialized into that, you know, billing specific perspective for our customers, we've started to actually just grow into more of like an AI enabled RCM company. And that's what we're pursuing now. You know, we're collecting all the context on the patient through forms and documents and all the conversations we have, we have all of the medical documentation. And now we're working with clearinghouse partners and insurance eligibility partners to make it so that we can kind of just build that operating system so that when a clinic goes in, the clinician just sees a little green dot that says, I'm going. To get paid for this. Or a yellow dot that says, I should probably look into this one a little bit. Something might be missing, you know, now we're working with, you know, billing roles and all of that, so everything that you associate with, like a typical practice management software, ehr, we've grown into that space. And our, you know, slowly starting to roll our RCM product out to, you know, more and more customers in the behavioral health space. And what we have hit upon as a marketing intelligence strategy is that you, we have a great set of defaults. You know, we've pulled in all this data that we've trained on from the national payers and all of their publicly available information and CMS and all of that, so that when you just start using our audit tools in our audit system, you know, you know that you're getting like a good baseline out of the box. But what we hear from everybody is, oh, well, you know. I'm in rural Florida, and I work with this one payer, and they have this specific requirement. You know, they want this modifier code here. They actually don't accept this, you know, and there's just, like, all kinds of variation across the different payers. So we are building a system that actually ingests the clinic's specific payer contracts and documentation, and then is trying to pull information out of those contracts and documentation in order to, like, power our AI audit system. So what we're looking for in, you know, a consultant role is somebody who really understands not just, you know, how these contracts get put together. But also, you know, for lack of a better term, like how to extract the. The alpha from them. Like, hey, if we have this specific payer contract, you know, it's 833 pages, there's 10 provider manuals associated with it. How can we, you know, navigate through that in order to find a. Couple pieces of information that can make it so that when we are submitting 99214 documentation to them, we know it's, you know, going to pass on the first chance, you know, if we can. And if not, if we are going to have to write an automated, you know, denial appeal letter that we're going to be able to say, well, this line of the contract, plus this, plus this fact, plus this thing, plus this transcript that we recorded, you know, is a, like, bulletproof piece of documentation that says, actually, you do have to pay us for this, you know, service that we rendered. So that is what we're trying to build and what we're looking for and, you know, some kind of the consultant role, and I'm curious if your experience or interests, you know, might. Might help us out there.
ndandavati: Yeah. I mean, when you talk about this, it certainly sounds like I can understand the pieces you're talking about at a fairly high degree. Right. I can see how generative AI is, like, on point for this type of application in terms of, you know, I could see, like, understanding of contracts would then drive you to help the prompt engineering on the backend. Right. Working with product. I would guess maybe to. To help them do that.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Is that.
ndandavati: Is that accurate, that you'd be partnering with the product people?
Jackson Bierfeldt: Exactly. Yeah. I mean, we're. We're looking for someone to help us with the prompt engineering, but also, I mean, just automated extraction. Of the salient facts. You know, like, like I said, when we get a dump of these, it's like the contract is 400 pages. None of us are subject matter experts that really know how to read it. There's 19 provider manuals that are getting updated at different things that go with it. And we just don't even really know, like how to begin combing through it to figure out is there information in here that we can actually use for our tasks, which are writing better documentation, auditing the documentation that's written according to that payer's specific requirements, and then eventually, you know, writing appeal letters based on that documentation and those rules, in the event that something gets denied, it is a callback.
ndandavati: Yeah. It's interesting because, you know, I have a fair amount of experience with, you know, even before AI sort of reviewing contracts, understanding large, complex technology contracts, I spent time in government procurement related stuff dealing with that. And then there's the policy angle. So there's that general skill set in terms of understanding how contracts are structured and how to read and scan them. And then you pair that with, you know, at this point, I use a routinely as part of my workflows, whether it's, you know, ChatGPT or Claude, those types of tools to, to do analysis, I think, you know, it depends what type, what kind of depth. Or degree of expertise with contracts you're looking for. Like, I haven't spent significant time like reading medical contracts for payers.
ndandavati: I was more on the policy side. So that's understanding, you know, approaches to risk adjustment, for example, and how you use the different types of codes to conduct those statistical tests to for example, create different groups of. Of patients to pay. Right.
ndandavati: And to shift away from just paying for services. So I think the question would be, you know, is this something where you're looking for a strong generalist who could dive into contracts and, you know, use AI tools possibly to. To scan and develop a structure for them? And also to target specific sections that are especially relevant in different types of cases.
ndandavati: I could see myself jumping into that type of work or, or do you need someone who's like dealt with hundreds of medical contracts for payers and you know, is bringing that kind of familiarity?
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah, I think, honestly, we are looking more for that specificity. You know, someone who's even been like, I've reviewed so many of these. I've been involved in, like, litigation suits with some of these. Like, I know how these contracts are structured and, like, where the meat is in them, so to speak, is. Kind of what we're looking for. So it sounds like maybe that isn't exactly your. Your background there.
ndandavati: Yeah, I wouldn't want to overstate that. You know, I know that's great. Familiarity, on the other hand, I would say, and, and maybe this is something for us to possibly keep in touch about. You know, I'm in. I mentioned him in this early stage startup and I brought. I was brought in for a very specific scope, which is to help with building go to market foundations, to also help with developing like assets for investors to understand our value proposition and the solution and all that. And so, you know, I've got the that understanding with the founder that of what the scope is. And I am looking in, in the near term, once we've gotten this to market to transition out into a more a role with slightly later stage startup that is more it's further along in terms of the product market fit and in particular thinking about going back into an AI healthcare type of play. But as a strategy fun space right now.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah.
ndandavati: So, you know, so if you're. If you could see. I wonder if you would see your firm looking for strategy ops generalists, like biz ops. Leaders at some point this year. Is that likely?
Jackson Bierfeldt: This year? Probably. I mean, we are still 8 full time employees right now.
Jackson Bierfeldt: You know, we're like just between series seed and series A in terms of sizing. So I think we're like on the smaller end of like what you'd be looking for there. Because basically everyone we're hiring at this point, like an engineer that can do all their stuff still.
Jackson Bierfeldt: So I think we're not quite there yet, but it is good to, you know, I like having my Rolodex full of strong generalists for, you know. And it sounds like you do do consulting work. So I definitely want to stay in touch in case, you know, the next corner that we turn has some problem, especially because of your familiarity in the policy space. I could see that being, like, very useful to us, like, when we actually start to, you know, get to that, like, slightly higher level of abstraction. Right now we're like, really laser focused on, you know, every single day we're getting 200 new pages of documents from. From people. And we're just like, wait, how are we going to sort through this and, like, really get the most valuable stuff out of it?
ndandavati: Right, Right. Well, you know, I really appreciate, you know, leveling with me on where you guys are. And, you know, I hopefully, if at some point you're at the point where you want someone who can facilitate stronger internal collaboration, whether it's developing, you know, go to market outreach strategies or playbooks that help people, collaborate better internally. You know, those are the types of things I've shifted to words and. Yeah. So I'll, you know, keep a lookout. I definitely expect to see you guys in the news.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah.
ndandavati: Yeah.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Hope so, too. Yeah. Well, let's make sure that we're. We're connected on LinkedIn and. Then go from there. We'll really appreciate you taking the time. Thanks for explaining everything. And good luck with the episodic care space. Lord knows that we all, we all would benefit from a model that gets away from this fee for service.
ndandavati: Yes. All right. Great to meet you, Jackson, and take care.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Bye.
ndandavati: And good luck with everything.