Daniel Chadda: Exactly needed it, to be honest. It just had, like, literally for the last four weeks before the break. Which is like mid or after midterm? After midterm, yeah.
Christopher Hume: It's like the miserable part of the school year when you just end up with the like. I kind of rather just have, like, three midterms. In a week and get it over with. Every week. Just stress out about it. Okay, So I just want to check in. I think Nate has pulled you onto his project. Is that correct?
Daniel Chadda: Yeah, that's correct.
Christopher Hume: How are things going? Do you have enough direction? Or work to do there. Yeah. How are things going?
Daniel Chadda: Yeah, pretty good. Pretty good so far. Yeah, he did pull me on, so I'm just kind of, like, getting started and just working through all of that. I think, to be honest, Chris, at least for right now, I kind of just want to get through this project with Nate and I think, like, continue with ours.
Christopher Hume: Yeah, that's perfect. Point of this is to check in. Make sure you have somebody of a weekly check in with so you don't end up in wilderness when they is doing CEO stuff. But certainly understand that for a little bit this is going to take your focus, and that's certainly fine, I guess. Just a question, Dan. What can I support you with? What do you need from me?
Daniel Chadda: That's a good question, Chris. I am still working through. I'm trying to get access to the GitHub repo because that's where the majority of the work that I have to do for the project with Nate, that's where that's done. I've been going back and forth with him on Slack. And I think the last. When was the last time we discussed this? I want to say on Thursday. So yesterday. Yeah. So I don't know. I'm still not 100% sure if I had access or not. I meant to text him yesterday, but I don't know. I had a quiz and just a bunch of homework, so I was like, okay, let me get around to it today.
Daniel Chadda: Yeah, I'm just kind of. Waiting on that, to be honest, like a big blocker, because there's not a whole lot I can do. I've gone through the memo and I've done what I can in the meantime, because I just don't want to sit around doing nothing.
Daniel Chadda: No, there is not a lot. Not much else. I could do at the moment. So. Yeah, I plan on messaging him about that today, but I know he's super busy, so I don't know if there's someone else you think I could talk to about this.
Christopher Hume: Could you just add it to his to do list as an immediate task and just make sure it's flagged immediate. And then shoot him as black. Be like, hey, Nate, I just added your to do list.
Daniel Chadda: Okay, got you. Yeah, he did tell me to add I think it was to do list and I did. But I didn't make it immediate like just said.
Christopher Hume: So let me make it immediate. Make it immediate or it'll never happen.
Daniel Chadda: Where's this to do list? Okay. Do you think? It's off the list. So maybe it did happen. I don't know. I tried logging in. That didn't work for me. I'm going to slack him about it. And we'll see. Is he in office today? Chris? I don't know if he's like, if you're not working, I don't want to.
Christopher Hume: These definitely working.
Daniel Chadda: So I'll just see. I'll shoot in the slack. We'll see what he says.
Christopher Hume: It got pushed to the bottom of his list. I moved it to the top.
Daniel Chadda: Okay. Oh, you found it. Cool. I'm going to slack him anyway.
Christopher Hume: He has not got it. I would just tell him it's on the list.
Daniel Chadda: Okay? Cool. Okay, cool. I just slacked him about that, so. Yeah, we'll see what he says. But perfect. Yeah, that's kind of about it, Chris.
Christopher Hume: Cool. I'll let you go. If you need anything, slack me and we'll just keep this on the calendar. It'll almost never be 30 minutes. But just so you have someone every week you can check in with.
Daniel Chadda: Yeah, exactly.
Daniel Chadda: Yeah, I appreciate it, too. And once I get a little more time, or once I'M. Kind of done with this project where you can get right back to it.
Christopher Hume: Perfect. Thanks, Daniel.
Daniel Chadda: Yeah, thanks, Chris.
Christopher Hume: Have a great weekend.
Daniel Chadda: Bye.