Jack Waugh: Because she seemed more sold on that.
Christopher Hume: She had PMHMP or what's the story with her?
Jack Waugh: I don't know exactly what her actual title or level is, but she's basically, she's credentialed already with headway through, I think, another practice. And now she wants to do her own practice.
Christopher Hume: And easy money. Okay. And I saw that come through. Is that next Monday?
Jack Waugh: Yep.
Christopher Hume: Are you free?
Jack Waugh: I am free. I did tell her that that was going to be with Nate. Yep.
Christopher Hume: I mean, all good. It'll either be me or Nate. I just want you to be there so it can be like another, like training opportunity for you.
Jack Waugh: Yeah, sure. Yeah, I'll, I'll go ahead. And click yes on it.
Christopher Hume: Cool. So what's new from your end? What's working, what's not working? What can I help you with?
Jack Waugh: Let's see. Nothing. I'm gonna look at my notes here. I don't know if I have. Any major new updates. Since we talked last, but I also just got started today.
Christopher Hume: So. Okay.
Jack Waugh: Just this meeting. Oh, well, in this meeting, I think. I don't know, are we completely off the discount? For these?
Christopher Hume: I would say for the time being, let's try to avoid the discount.
Jack Waugh: Okay. Only reason I ask is for her. It might have, she might have gone for the discount specifically because she's already. And I don't know if that helps Bridge the Gap to jot Bill, but if you don't think it does, then, then it probably doesn't make sense.
Christopher Hume: Yeah. Let's just see what happens. It's because this is kind of like a touchy feely experiment. Because. Yeah, I just thought we were getting a lot of people who were converting, but then churning. So I want to see if we can be a little more solid up front if we can, like, end up focusing our time on people who are higher intent.
Jack Waugh: Okay.
Christopher Hume: That makes sense. And it allows us to get further down the funnel and sell them more, Etc.
Jack Waugh: Sure. Sure.
Christopher Hume: As opposed to, like, the sugar high of a bunch of people who end up spending 300 bucks and then churn out. Makes sense. So, Jack, I'll have a ton for you right now either. I just wanted to flag for you that we're setting up kind of this tracker. So I think moving forward on, like, a weekly basis, I'll probably have more feedback for you on meetings and calls and guidance. So if we could maybe set up time on Wednesday, I should have at least the first draft of it then. I just want to, one, go through your meetings with you and give feedback and two, show you how we're going to be tracking moving forward. So with this same time, we're on Wednesday.
Jack Waugh: Yeah, actually, would you be able to do noon any chance?
Christopher Hume: Yeah. Newton's perfect.
Jack Waugh: Okay. Eastern.
Christopher Hume: Eastern time. Chris. Kick off. Let me just check something. Okay. Cool. If there's nothing I can help you with, Jack, I think the main meeting this week will be Wednesday. So no need to drag this out. Just want to check in, make sure you're doing well. Just stay the course. If there's any adjustments, Nate and I aren't talking to Wednesday either, so we can make adjustments to your work then. But just keep doing what the forums. Let's see if we can get anyone converted. And we have a couple more days to experiment with this.
Jack Waugh: Okay. So just keep on the HubSpot. Going through.
Christopher Hume: Okay. Yep. I mean, it actually seems like the past couple days have been pretty good because Deira or Dyra is going to be job Bill. You've got two people to put in their credit cards last week. So I don't think we could. Ask for more in a 12 working hour period.
Jack Waugh: Yeah. I mean, it's, it, like you said, it's kind of a buzzer beater thing. It wasn't going, didn't seem like it was getting a lot of results at first, but just at the end there, I think things started. Picking up.
Christopher Hume: So awesome. So it makes it challenging us for us to decide what to do with it. That's great. If we're just breaking even and then we have to make the decision. That's perfect.
Jack Waugh: It's not really good.
Jack Waugh: It's not really bad.
Christopher Hume: But that's my job. You just keep doing your thing. I'll let you know if I have any feedback. Otherwise, Wednesday, we'll be ready to go.
Jack Waugh: Cool. And I did want to ask you, did you figure out the, the bonus thing?
Christopher Hume: Yes. So Denise say he was, did what, what did he slack you? He said he was tracking.
Jack Waugh: I don't know. Oh, hang on. He had said, I think over the weekend, I didn't see it till today, but he said something looking into com stuff should have update. Tomorrow, PM.
Christopher Hume: But tomorrow p.m. So he's tracking and he's re input your, your February bonus. You'll get it whenever we get, you get paid next. It'll be in there.
Jack Waugh: Okay, cool. No, I appreciate it. And, oh, another question was for the, the tier thing. I think, I don't know if you had a chance to, to find out about that, but I just, that's good.
Christopher Hume: Let me add that. My to-do list. I'll make sure Nate and I discuss it on Wednesday during our go-to-market meeting.
Jack Waugh: Appreciate it.
Christopher Hume: Yeah.
Jack Waugh: No, the question. I don't think I had any other questions right now, but I'll definitely keep you posted.
Christopher Hume: How, you know, do you, you or three job bill meetings from this list?
Jack Waugh: Yeah, I think maybe more here. Let's see. Writing it down somewhere. Might be, might actually be four.
Christopher Hume: Okay.
Jack Waugh: No, one of them was three.
Christopher Hume: Yeah, three. Yeah. Because Shaquille.
Jack Waugh: Right? Yeah. Nadine was that one from before who we got back on technically booked three new ones.
Christopher Hume: We'll keep checking along. We'll have a decision for you on Wednesday. Jack. Sounds good. Talk to you later.
Jack Waugh: Bye.