Daria Lisus: Like, I'm always like, how. How are you doing? Busy. I'm like, yeah, that just feels like daily thing.
Adam Harrison: Hi, Adam. Hi.
Daria Lisus: How's it going?
Adam Harrison: Good. How are you?
Daria Lisus: Good, good. I was just telling Nate, busy, but I was like, that's nothing new. So I feel like I have to find something else to tell people when they ask me that question.
Nathan Peereboom: No, it's okay. That's still my go to.
Daria Lisus: Don't worry about it.
Adam Harrison: It's a very solid go to.
Daria Lisus: Yeah. All right.
Nathan Peereboom: I'm gonna let you guys direct this. I'm just gonna kind of sit in the background. I'll chime in. But, yeah, I mean, Daria, the way that you should think about this meeting is it's a little bit of show and tell, but it's also moments where, like, it's. It's also a moment where you can just, like, check in with us and be like, is this the right path? Like, you know, so it's for us, but it's mostly for you just to make sure that you're getting all the resources you need.
Daria Lisus: Okay, yeah, that sounds perfect. I can just maybe get us started, given that I know how busy we. Yeah. So basically. And I'll share my screen in a second to share, like, the starting points.
Daria Lisus: I spent a lot. The majority of the weeks really, like, building out a lot of, like, the context and the audience and, like, all of those aspects to the harness. So I think I'm, like, almost 100% done. I think right now I'm kind of in just the testing phase of just, like. Is this get. Like, basically just interacting with it, making sure that it's giving back everything that we want. Specifically, the thing that I would love, and I can share my screen after we can go through some stuff, but I would love your. Your insights on or input on is how you would like the output to be, like, when you're just interacting directly with it, if that makes sense. So, like, for example, what I have set up so far is that I basically have it so that if you interact with it, I'll give you back information. I also have it that it does a daily, weekly, and monthly report based on everything that's been discussed, and that gets, like, outputted separately. So I kind of have it as different things. But then, for example, the direct output. Let's say I asked it a question like, where should the next $5,000 go?
Daria Lisus: I can have it just give you information in the harness. I can have it give you a detailed report as well. Is there a preference for, like, how your team works. The other options obviously also like a slack output, things like that. Yeah. I was kind of wondering about like how your team works in terms of like reporting and ingesting information as well.
Nathan Peereboom: I don't have a preference right now. I think what will be. Let's maybe start like one level up from like that detail. So what's going in? What happens inside the harness and then what is the possible, like content themes that come out?
Daria Lisus: Yeah, for sure. So basically the way. And maybe I can share my screen. I have so many tabs open. See if I can do this. Okay. Let me know if you can see my, like, desktop right now.
Nathan Peereboom: Yep.
Daria Lisus: Okay. Perfect. So the way that I basically built the harness was that I spent. So this is the piece that I spent a lot of time on. Well, aside from obviously building it out like the one, the thing that I really, really wanted to be very, very clear on was, like, audiences. So in general, I took. I spent a lot of time on the website looking at, like, the different target audiences that you have. And then basically what I did was I created different categories so everything could be applicable to all the audiences. And then I also gives back, like, advice on, for example, like, if you want to target a specific audience, maybe this has worked better or worse, for example, based on, like, best practices associated with those target audiences. I also have obviously, like, marketing best practices. This is the part where I feel like, obviously after I give this to you guys, I think you're probably gonna want to spend more time, you know, your brand voice better than I do. But I tried to really find ways to kind of encompass the brand voice. I also spent a lot of time looking at competitors. So I did a bit of work of, like, what the competitors are doing and then obviously, like, health strategy, the creative work, all of that stuff. So kind of the context that I spent a lot of the time building was like, what is jots like, but then also what a specific audience is, how do they interact with this content, all of those good things. And then the way that I did the inputs was that, though it'll be able to connect to Slack, as we kind of discussed previously. It also takes in information, for example, like the ad data that you shared, Adam. And then it also takes in, like, search trends and then anything else that you basically add to it, it'll add to the input data. So, for example, right now I have a lot of placeholders. Like, and it'll say, like, within the outputs. It will. It will be like, if you could provide me with, like, how much money you actually spent on this ad, then I can give you the return of it. So there's a lot of placeholders like that that obviously I don't have the data to. But then, like, if you feed to it, you'll be able to, like, fit in all those pieces. Yeah. And then basically, so in the plan, like, the way that I did it was basically, it has all the different inputs, obviously I provide a lot of context, and then it consistently auto generates and updates. And then the way that I kind of did the outputs, which I think is. Is interesting and I would love to kind of hear your feedback on is basically whenever you ask it any question. So let's say I asked it like how are my ads doing? Or like what do I spend money on? Or like what has been like a top subject that we've been discussing as a team this week or I don't know, fill in the blank there. It will basically give you a summary. It will give you the output, will give you suggestions for how to move forward. So for example, it's in the case of an ad, it's like what's working, what's not working, what are common themes across the ads that are working versus not working. And then it'll always have like I made like a little like link emoji or like connector where it connects to larger themes. So for example, it would be like this ad's not working or this ad is working. What we've seen. Seen as there's been like an increased Google search trends in the context of AI scribes with these keywords.
Adam Harrison: Consider this.
Daria Lisus: So there's a lot of like basically trying to like at any step, no matter what question you ask it, it's trying to pull in all the different data and specifically trying to understand like in real time are there like different trends that are occurring that then are, that can like influence the direction of ads. Conscious that I'm just talking at you and like giving you a lot of information and like. But yeah, basically that's to answer your question. Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay. So my reaction is that the theory like the high level structure is. Makes total sense. The thing that I worry about in general in this space is quality control. Like I just worry about like yeah, basically like there starts to just be a lot of context, there starts to be a lot of data inputs which is the whole point. Right? The whole point is like we have a machine that's now a brain. Let's like use it in a way that's kind of superhuman, but a superhuman brain is just hard to audit.
Daria Lisus: Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: How do you think about the QC process here?
Daria Lisus: Yeah, for sure. So I think for me there's been like. And that's kind of where I think like that is like my main goal for the next like little while. And that's what I want to kind of really, really finalize before our final meeting on Monday. I think for me I think of it as two steps. Like the first one is obviously just like consistent interaction and like I feel like what I've been doing honestly in my free time is just trying to talk to it and be like what are you going to say to this? And be like I don't like that or like that doesn't make sense. And I think in many ways it gives you so much information and I'm like I don't need all of that. Like that doesn't help me and you're confusing yourself. And so I think I've been trying to kind of like parse down what's actually important in the outputs and what's like necessary things like that. I think the other thing is that I basically always ask it or like the biggest thing that I've been kind of focusing on for quality is, is to make sure that it gives me like the specific route from where it's pulling that information. So I don't know. So in the, in the files I have basically. And this can auto update as well depending on like you can like ask it to auto update or it will also it should technically prompt you to auto update this. But I have basically created these like segments of like different kinds of segments. So for example, target segments so that they each have a code. So for example, if it's like a psychiatrist, like that has a code, it also created like hook segments. So for example, like types of ways you can interact with audiences that have worked or not worked in the past. And basically what I asked it to do is be like, can you reference the specific like code that you are pulling this from? So basically instead of just creating like random information, it could be like, oh, like this is like this very similar to, I don't know, like the I'm making something up right now. But like a hook could be like something like a humor hook in like an ad, for example. And it's like, oh, this is also using humor. It's like, have you considered maybe, like, employing humor more? Or it could be like, this hook needs to be changed. We need to add another hook about, like, humor and something else. So it basically kind of interacts with you where you're. It's constantly kind of giving you information, but on the other hand, you're very, very clearly mapping to, like, where each of these kind of codes are located. And then there's also options to, like, update those codes. So, for example, one of the things I was doing is I was working with it, and I noticed that it was kind of, like, constantly just, like, putting, like, psychiatry together with a bunch of other, like, like, it just kind of was, like, always using general audience. And I was like, can you please try to parse this out? And then it was like, oh, what if we added, like, you know, And, I mean, this was something that I was going to add anyways, but it's just like, it prompted itself where it was like, what if we add, like, clinic versus individual versus whatever? So, for example, like, those kinds of things? And I'll be like, oh, yes, that's a good idea. I'll say no. So to your point, I think a lot of it has been kind of creating these, like, mind maps and then making sure that at any point it could theoretically, like, loop you back. I've made it pretty. I did ask it that it doesn't reference the specific codes when it gives outputs, because it's very confusing. But, yeah, they'll be like.
Nathan Peereboom: It'll be like, H17.
Daria Lisus: Like, that means nothing. But basically, you could ask it and be like, what is. Like, what is this? Like, where are you getting the source from at any moment?
Nathan Peereboom: Gotcha. What do you feel the most uncertain about right now? Like, if you were. If you like, we're gonna give this to Adam, and Adam was going to start, like, this afternoon using this. What would you be like, oh, my gosh, Adam, you just have to know this, like, one thing before you, like, really get into it.
Daria Lisus: Yeah. I think for me, there's two things, actually. That's okay. Yeah. The first one is pretty simple. I think it's just, like, more data. Like, I think the thing is, is that obviously I'm feeding it as much as I have, but, like, I think this will hopefully only get better with more data. But there's also, like, I, I, I've put in fake data to test it. I. Obviously, that is fake data that I made versus, like, real data. So I think that that's one thing that I'm always uncertain about is just like, how does it actually interact with the data that you kind of create and the formats that you use? Although it should be able to parse anything, I'm not too worried about that. The second thing that I'm uncertain about is honestly kind of going back to that first question of just the way that is best in terms of interpretability. So the way that I kind of went about thinking about this is that whichever prompt you give, it gives you like, high level. So it gives you very granular, like, to that question, like saying specific things. But then it'll also give you like prompts for like, PR narratives or storytelling. And specifically like the briefs or like the PDFs that kind of come out that are like the month, daily month, weekly, monthly. Briefs are like, really, really rooted in a lot of information about. You know, it's like we've seen that there's been growing interest in these trends or whatever it might be. Have you considered like a PR brief? Like, the one that I really liked, which I think is, you know, kind of common in, in health tech spaces, is like, people are worried about AI scribes. Like, what is the differentiator between, like, you know, behavioral AI stuff? Like, why does a. Why should you not worry about, like, behavioral AI, for example, like, those kinds of things? But yeah, so I think for me, that's probably the thing I'm most worried about is, like, the way that you guys are going to be interacting with it and making sure that's a good experience for you in terms of, like, the amount of content that it's producing or, like, the granularity or like, all of those good things. Because I know that sometimes it could just be, like, way too much.
Nathan Peereboom: Can we. Can we just look at some of, like, the mock data you threw in? Like, actually, yeah, we can either look at it through the terminal or. Or even just like a file. Like, I'd be curious, like, what your meta mock data is. If it actually sits in the folder already.
Daria Lisus: It actually does not sit in the folder. Would that be okay if I send that to you after?
Nathan Peereboom: Just because you don't have to send it to me. If it was in the folder and it was easy, that was great. But when you think about the mock data you're planning to put in here, like, what. What is that mock data look like? Slash. Like, how did you make the decision to do mock data versus, like, real data, given that you have access to real data?
Daria Lisus: So I use search trends are all real data. The ad data that I have access to is real data. Things that, like, I don't have data, like the things that I'm talking about as mock data is like, I, like, made fake Slack messages and then like, that kind of stuff. Or for example, I did, like, there was one example where I was like, oh, I spent X amount of money on this ad. So it's like, things like, I don't have that kind of, like, level of mock, but, like, all of, like, the ads that we, like, all of the ads that are currently that Adam sent me are in there. Like, the search trends data are pulling directly from. From the Google search. So, like, all of that's real. It's just that I was. I'm kind of playing around a little bit with like, you know, obviously I. I don't know, like, the tone of voice that is usually used in Slack. And so I, you know, like all those, like, little granularity things that could make a difference. But I just was kind of, I don't know, in many ways, like, laughing to myself, like, making up my own, like, interactions between two people. But yeah, yeah, does.
Nathan Peereboom: Does meta. Because again, I, like, we just wanted to be super functional. Like, yeah, does meta have an API where you could pull the real, for example, spend data.
Daria Lisus: So this is the thing that I'm not sure I actually don't have. So basically all I have access to is like the. As, like not on, like the back end of the data site part of it. I have access to just like, what is the ad, how long has it been running for? And like, then I can do relevance in terms of success. So that's like the one. I guess the biggest data limitation is that, like, I actually don't have any way to access that. I think I looked into it because I was curious about if I could just pull directly. Theoretically, if I had access to it, could have just pulled directly. It looks like there's ways to possibly do it. I looked online, I looked at Cloud. Right now, it says that it still recommends that you download all of the metadata and then just upload it weekly or daily or whatever you want.
Nathan Peereboom: Really?
Daria Lisus: Yeah. Which is like. I thought it was kind of interesting.
Nathan Peereboom: That's crazy.
Daria Lisus: I think it's because it struggles to find the specific links. Or something like, like reading. It's something about reading the links. I wasn't 100 sure there, but I can look more into that for sure. But I do know that when I was pulling it, for example, I couldn't just put in the ad. Like, so what I had to do was I actually to put in like the individual entry for each ad because when I put in the, like I tried so many times to put in the links, put individual links, whatever might be. It was like I actually, I'm hitting like a, A block like I'm hitting.
Nathan Peereboom: So I'm wondering, sorry, are you using the API or are you doing something public? Like did Adam give you an API key?
Daria Lisus: No, just the public link, I think. Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, let's assume for this next stage that you could use the API link. Adam, can we get a read only API link for our ad account just so she can.
Nathan Peereboom: Is that possible?
Nathan Peereboom: Because I can't. There's no way that meta doesn't let you pull this data if you have the API key.
Daria Lisus: Yeah, I mean I'm, I like, I think that like my, I think my biggest, I guess block was just that because I think I could only see the public facing information. Like it was like, I can't read more than whatever you're providing me.
Nathan Peereboom: So yeah, let's do a read only of the private stuff because we can, we can shut the key down later. But like there's, I don't see any like opsec risk in Daria being able to like just at a read level, like see, see that data or Adam. Yeah, and I think I do want to see it as like set up as an API versus the auto pull. Anything that should be auto pulled, we should be auto polling. Oh yeah, Yeah.
Adam Harrison: But agree. We can either just give her kind of like a back.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay.
Daria Lisus: Google just deleted that. My apologies. Please continue.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, so yeah, let's like definitely make sure we get that data in because, you know, just as a reminder, the three things that we care about are obviously agency and will, context being the correct context and then 3 QC being correct. Like those are the three things that make a human interacting with AI a good thing, rather than like what we call like a slop cannon, you know, something that's just like slinging out like, you know, random bad quality stuff. So I do want to, I do want to like hold everyone's feet to the fire in terms of like true context. I think mock data is perfect for like setting up structure. But for Monday we want to have something that's like, whoa, like, that's. It's surprising that it's, like, actually got insight that, like, kind of clicks here. Adam, what are your reactions? I know that you're so much deeper in this than I am. What are. What are you. Yeah, I'm curious just kind of how this is sitting with you, if we want to do, like, a few mock rounds or you guys can do this also without me, but. But I do want to get, like, some, like, a little bit of, like, tasting of the coffee bean here.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, yeah. So I think maybe first off, Daria, I'd love to understand. I think we went through, like, the different inputs and I definitely have a few, like, thoughts on that and maybe can share some, like, helpful things for you as you kind of, like, refine that over the next few days. But I guess question would be more at a more basic level. Like, you run this. What is the. How do you. What is. What do you view as the, like, current or desired, like, output or result of this exercise or harness
Daria Lisus: in terms of, like, for the team or in terms of like, the specific. Sorry, just to clarify.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, I guess, like, in your, in your mind, like, what is the, what is the problem you're trying to solve with this thing? Or what is like, the. Like, if you were handing this over to me today and we had all the data correctly, like, what would you tell me of, like, how I should be using this and what it gives me? Does it give me, like, hey, here are three ad ideas you should test next week. Does it give me, hey, you're spending, you know, $1,000 on this ad. It should really be like 300, because your cost per, you know, like, what is the current scope of how I should use this harness? And like, what are maybe the one or two things that I should really, like, solve for?
Daria Lisus: No. Yeah, for sure. I think that the way that I designed this is thinking about kind of on a multi level, I guess, approach. So the first approach is that if you ask it a question, I think it'll provide you with kind of the outputs that were in the, in the brief. So things like, what kind of themes? Like, what is, like, what are the issues? Like, what's working, what's not working, how much money has been spent on this? What does that mean? And then also things like, almost always there's an, there's an AB testing or experiment. Like, have you tried this? Have you, you know, kind of figuring out, like, different approaches? So there is kind of this entire aspect to it that is obviously like the direct interaction. So let's say I'm working on a new marketing campaign and I'm just wondering, I'm like, oh, what. What has, like, worked by far the worst? Or like, what should I avoid? And they'll give you, like, this is what you should avoid, both in terms of what we're seeing in your data, but then also what we're seeing maybe in like, Google search data and things like that. Or like, what's not working in general. I think the thing that I personally, and for context, like, I've, I've been really enjoying this. I'm definitely like, I've always kind of sat more on like the, you know, some like, data is given to me and then I make decisions kind of space. It's really interesting being able to like, decide how, what kind of data I would be giving someone. I think here, what I think is really interesting is the fact that it gives out. Like the way that I structured it was that every single day you will have new, updated general information about how to approach. Approach marketing in this context. And that is both based on obviously all this data that we're pulling. Within that I think is where it's really interesting because I think the output there is to really understand like general approaches that are working or not working as a whole. And then also kind of that storytelling aspect that we talked about where I think it's really building a narrative of like, what, what is this product? Like how are people interacting with this product? But then also like, how is like the general public interacting with this fear as well? So I think to me there is like obviously the granularity of like you can ask it a question, it'll give you back feedback, it'll tell you how it connects to different things that people have said. It'll give you all of that. But then I think on a larger scale, I think it's almost like a point to stop and reflect of like what is working and what's not working. And I think the way that I tried to set it up was that before any like next step is made, it's almost like it qcsu, if that makes sense. Like it's like, it's kind of like a, like a partner to work with on understanding like what? Rather than just answering questions about data. I think in many ways it acts as like, and. And so what? And then you could be like, I disagree. And I'd be like, okay, I see what you mean, and so what? So I think it's kind of like also questioning you in some ways. Sorry, this is very long winded. I've had a lot of coffee this morning. If you cannot tell, I apologize. It's been a long couple of days. But yeah, I'll say that. I think to me, to answer your question, I think it is like multi layered. Like I think that there's like a lot of benefit that can come from like Nate, who maybe is not like in the weeds of data of like marketing to be able to read the report daily or weekly and being able to be like, oh, I see the pain points versus I think someone who's like directly involved in marketing can actually be like, oh, okay. Like I need this very, very specific data. I need to understand exactly what the percentage, you know, retention has been and like how that relates to cost or something like that.
Adam Harrison: Got it. Okay. Yeah, I think that's. That sounds great here. Sounds like you're thinking of it as a general kind of like marketing co pilot and intelligence tool that could be used for a variety of different things. So I think that's. That's awesome. That's great. I would say, I think my suggestion would be for like, for just like Monday's purposes, I would kind of pick maybe more of a, a narrow, like, use case you want to start with solving. And that could be a lot of different things. So I'll just throw out some ideas. Like, it could be like, maybe you've done a bunch of work on competitors and it's like kind of a monitors our competitors activity and tells us like, you know, creed is sort of positioning to themselves in this way and that this is like how you are sort of like commenting contrast to that. And maybe that is helpful for how we think about new ads that we run. Like, that's, that's one version of like, where we could really build this towards another version is like, it's really good at synthesizing, like, what. Current things we're testing right now. And it's going to suggest based on things that are running, like, what is the next either audience or format or change in headline or change in creative that we want to test for, like, next week. Right. Or it could be more of just a general, like, reporting thing that it's like, hey, Adam, just, like, presses a button every week and there's, like, a report that Nate can review, so he has, like, visibility into, like, what's going on. So I think. I totally agree with you. I think this has a lot of potential to serve, like, all of those different use cases. But I think just in terms of, like, between now and Monday, like, we should just kind of pick one that we think is, like, most important to really, like, nail and then kind of, like, run with that a little bit. So I. I think my bias is a little bit more towards. Well, I won't say, I guess, but. Sorry, Nate, you also put something in the chat, but that would be like, my general suggestion of, like, let's pick one real use case or problem to start, and then let's figure out the right data and inputs that are going to like, really get good at solving that one specific thing. Yeah.
Daria Lisus: To answer your question, Nate, but also to kind of follow up what you're talking about, Autumn, I think for me, I think the second point that you mentioned is probably the most interesting, but also it feels like maybe the most important from what we've kind of been discussing, which is like, synthesizing what's working, suggesting on what's kind of to improve understanding next audience headlines, all of those good things. And so I think if I am able to get, like, the API, the Facebook data, sorry, metadata, I think that'd be perfect and kind of help with that. But I also just want to, like, I guess acknowledge that I think, and I hope this is okay. But, like, the way I built it was that, like, it will always. So, for example, your question to competitors is like, even if I ask it a question about, is it like, you know, can you synthesize current ad data and, like, what's working? It will always link to, like, you know, it's like, oh, like, we've seen that, like, freed search trends have been, like, going down. Like, why could, like, so it always kind of is like, thinking about some of those other things that you mentioned in the background, but then obviously still prioritizing, like, the main aspect. But I think if it's work for you, I feel like, to me, that's probably what I feel like is maybe the most valuable for Monday.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, I totally agree. I think what I can do is I'll just add you to our meta account as a like, view only or something like that, and then I'll look into the API documentation as well. But I think maybe for just like the first iteration, if you need to do like a CSV export, that's probably like the quickest path. The other challenge here, I want to just. Mention is whether you use like, I'm just looking this up now. Whether you do like an export from Meta or you do like a CSV, you're not going to get the actual images and videos that are used in the Meta ads. And that's like kind of, I think, actually the most important thing. So that will need to.
Daria Lisus: I have all of. Oh, sorry. I have all of that already in there from the ones that you sent me.
Adam Harrison: Okay, so you're just gonna use like the public link and like map that to individual. Okay, perfect. Yeah, that works. So, yeah, then in that case, you're one step ahead of me, so that's always great.
Daria Lisus: Oh, great question. Sorry, Adam, I didn't mean to interrupt. I just wanted to let you know that. Yeah, I, I, because I, I, I came into the same issue. So that's why I was like, I've, I was thinking through that. But Nate, to answer your question, the video is interesting. It doesn't, I think that this has been maybe one of the most difficult things is like, it, it understands that it's a video and it understands that there's like a caption and like the general energy of it. But it definitely isn't the same as like a static photo where I can like completely process the entire content. So I think I can also look into that. I think that that's an interesting point to see if there's a way that we can read videos better as well.
Adam Harrison: Perfect. And I think just as you get into the metadata, like the things I would be looking at are like the cost per note for these different, like ads that we've done. And that will be your best indicator. That and like volume will tell you, like, oh, what are the things that are working here? I'm also going to send you some stuff that might be helpful context on like these are the different, I think you have a lot of this already, but these are the different, like angles that are hooks or pain points. Like, this is kind of like how we think about the list of different things. And so I will send that to you. I will get you meta access to our account and then I think for like Monday, I would really focus on like making sure it works really well with like the metadata that like, system is working well. I think the Slack stuff and Google and competitors also super helpful and interesting. Maybe I'm a little more skeptical of Slack as maybe like creating noise, but that's, I think it's still good that you included it in the scope, but I think just if I were you, I would counsel you to focus on meta and getting all the right data around creative and campaign performance and stuff like that. And so we can make this a really intriguing. Interesting system that will help, like, us lean into the right themes, lean into the right creative formats, and give us the right ideas for, like, things we should be testing going forward.
Daria Lisus: That sounds perfect to me. Thank you so much for all the help.
Adam Harrison: Awesome. I'm personally super stoked. I think this is an awesome start. I think very, like, thoughtful approach you've taken. So I. Yeah, I'm super, like, excited to see what you come back with. Yeah. Nate, I know we gotta hop in a minute, but anything you wanted to add here before we let her go?
Nathan Peereboom: Nope. That's great. I have to run to another meeting right now. But, Daria, I feel like this is on the right. The right flight path here, so. Good stuff.
Daria Lisus: Perfect. Thank you so much. Yeah, it's been, honestly, super fun. I, like, I've never been really the one to be so in the weeds of building this, so it's been. It's kind of like a big puzzle, and that's fun. So, yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: All right. Awesome. Love it. Thank you.
Daria Lisus: Thank you. Bye.
Nathan Peereboom: See you.
Adam Harrison: Bye.