Jackson Bierfeldt: Good morning, Eric.
Eric Wong: Good morning. Good morning, guys.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Hello. Marcus is here too. Hello. We're in the same room. It's not going to be on audio. But it's weird. Level of calls that you have to be on for class these days. Do you ever have to collaborate with other people and do all these video calls?
Eric Wong: For classes? Kind of like zero. Yeah. Because if it's like, if we need a meet, it'll just be in person, like after class or something. Although I guess I'm part of, it's not for class, but I'm a part of this RSO that organizes this hackathon on campus. And I guess for that, we have to be on calls like relatively often just because you got to figure out stuff like sponsorship and all that.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Okay, so you're familiar with, yeah, because I was thinking about it the other day. I'm like, when I was in college, I guess it was also a different time too, but like I was never on video calls.
Jackson Bierfeldt: We like, you know, you would do a Skype video call if you were like talking to a professor in like a different country. But otherwise it was not like a part of life. And now I'm like, I live on video calls. It's like very funny how things changed 2019 when it started becoming more of a thing. Yeah. So that was after I was already out of college. So I was just kind of curious if it's like totally taken over your college experience or it sounds like not as much,
Eric Wong: which is good when it was COVID era like 2020, it was just same thing. It was like every single day it was like, you know, wake up eight hours of video calls, you know, and then finish. But now not so much.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah, that's a nightmare. Yeah, well, we're super excited to be kicking off today. Thank you for making this work with us. And yeah, we just kind of wanted to, I mean, you've already met us a little bit. You know, we interviewed before, but we kind of wanted to just give you some of the, you know, basic information, answer some questions, talk about what the like general project we're going to be working on this quarter is and then also just touch base with you around some logistics like exact hours, how we're going to work on the schedule, things like that. So does that sound good for you as far as to kick off?
Eric Wong: Yep.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Okay, awesome. So first of all, do you want to just remind us, you know, like what is your, what is your plan for this quarter? We don't need to go into all the scheduling, but you are still taking classes and like what, what class, what's your coursework look like?
Eric Wong: Yeah. So I'm still taking classes. I'm taking a full four quarter quarter. Or sorry four class quarter. So I'm taking foundation distributed systems. I'm taking Math for ML. I'm taking global society, which is a social class. And then I'm also taking general online as just like a computer science elective. So.
Jackson Bierfeldt: I don't really have like a game. Was that what you said?
Eric Wong: Sorry, what?
Jackson Bierfeldt: Was the last one generative art?
Eric Wong: Yeah. Generative art online. It's just like a random CS elective that I can take just to fill up some credits because for some reason right now the or this spring, the CS department wasn't offering much like actual requirements. Usually they offer like a lot more, but I guess the spring was just like, I don't know, it's sparse. So I'm only taking those to like actual CS classes. And I don't really have a gauge for how they'll go besides math around now because distributed systems is like a brand new class. This is the first quarter it's offered. So I don't know. We'll see. Math for amount. I'm excited. I'm like expecting it to be like somewhat hard because that's like I have like very minimal exposure to Lenouch.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah. You're going to get really used to looking at matrix multiplication tables and all that stuff. I know literally zero about that. Did you ever do you did that kind of stuff? I do a lot of downs really. Marty's like a smart computer math guy. I'm just like indie hackers. So if you have any questions you can ask Marcus about the will do. Yeah. Okay great well on on our side you know the main project that we have for you for this spring quarter work is going to be helping us build our digital coworker. You know we have been in the process of like every company like adjusting to this new world order of you know agents and how agents are you know we've been using them in cloud to like write software and you know them. You know our sales team is using it to like talk about it and then you know our CEO is using Claude as his personal therapist to like help him figure out how to manage the company. And you know everyone's like kind of seeing this and we're like wait we got to just get this thing hooked up so that everything can share. It can use all our tools and then it's got to live where we live. You know, it's got to be in Slack and we can talk to it there. It's got to be in GitHub so that it can like look at the work we're doing there. It's got to be in linear so that it's aware of our like projects and what we're doing things and you know we're kind of just engaged in this process of like building the digital coworker. You know this thing that is just there. It knows about us. It has memory. It has tools. It can do stuff on behalf of us. It can do stuff you know proactively for us. Oh a customer just sends a complaint and you know hey someone needs to know about this right now because it seems really bad. You know like those those kinds of things. We're building that right now and we thought that that would be a great project to, you know, get you involved with so that you can learn more about the company. You can kind of see all of the different surface area that we touch. You can work on something that's like actually fun. You know it's like kind of the newest stuff. You know you're going to be able to take everything that you're learning in your circles and you know working on the hackathons and you know being online and be able to translate a lot of that pretty directly into into this project. So that's the basic overview of what is going to be, you know the main dish that that will be doing together this quarter. Any any questions on that first of all does that make sense as a general shape?
Eric Wong: Yeah, that makes sense. So I think like kind of what you guys are envisioning is just like some would it would it be multi agent? Like would there be different. Like would it kind of just be like an orchestrator. Or would it be one specific like kind of mixture of experts agent that can do a bunch of different things?
Jackson Bierfeldt: So yeah we built the first version of this a couple weeks ago and we're using it every day now. And the way that it works today is there's multiple different ways of invoking it mostly through slack is how we use it, but we also have like our customer support application coming in and taking off tasks for it and then we see other integrations coming. Our way. But it we right now we have kind of like two agents I guess you could say like sort of two definitions. It's all built on top of cloud codes and SDK. So like sort of you know think of like two cloud dot MDs with skills and MCPs that can be kind of routed to but it was it's built in a way so we could add a third or fourth or fifth. I think we're still figuring out what the right you know whether it makes sense to have like a lot of specialized things like there's a project management one there's an engineer front end engineer there's a back engineer like or is it just one that could do everything? I think right now we have sort of like one main one that can do a lot of things and one is more focused on customer support, but we don't know what the right model is here. Like this is still kind of you know the wild west a little bit early days it's kind of exciting. So it's a little bit of filling it out. But our architecture of what we built is sort of intended to. Kind of go in multiple different directions depending on what works best.
Eric Wong: Okay okay.
Jackson Bierfeldt: So we'll you know after after we get off this call today we'll shoot you over some more context on this and we'll give you even the like GitHub repo that you know it's currently built in. So you can just start going in and poking around and seeing how we've set stuff up. And then, you know, we have some ideas for like the first project is going to be for instance like getting it into GitHub. Like right now we've done zero work to like get it to talk to GitHub get it to read GitHub get it to so that we can make a comment on a PR and it goes back to the agent. Like we haven't done any of that integrating. So you know that'll probably be the first project and then we'll kind of like incrementally ramp up the complexity and the creativity from there as you just get a little more familiar with it and we get more familiar with working together. So that's the other plan is to kind of like just have that that little bit of a ramp up period into that end. I think we should talk about timing and logistics a little bit. So you are doing a four quarter four class quarter, which to translate for Marcus that's at UChicago you can either do three or four. So you do have like a slightly heavier coursework quarter. It sounds like, but you know the online class, you know who knows how that goes. So I guess you know do you have a sense yet? I know it's Tuesday but of like how much time you want to spend with us.
Eric Wong: Yeah so. Let me think. Yeah the tricky part is that I'm also a part of a couple of RSOs that have like the big events this this this quarter namely compiler is doing our annual hackathon in April and uncommon hacks would be doing our hackathon in late April as well. So there's like and I'm on eboard for both of those so that would be like a little bit tricky in terms of like time commitment especially on the weekends. But just in general like the baseline that we talked about during our first chat like maybe 10 to 15 hours a week just to start I think would be I think would be would be solid.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah. Okay great yeah that that aligns with us and we can change that. I mean we'll be flexible with you. We'll talk about project structure in a second but it's going to be mostly asynchronous with a couple check ins. So you can really kind of like slot it in wherever makes sense to you. And if there is a week where you're like hey actually just am not going to have any time this week. Just communicate that to us ahead of time so we can kind of modulate like the project that we give you as long as you're communicative about it we'll find a way to make it work but we just don't want to like give you something and then you know find out the day before it's due that you're like oh I didn't have any time this week, you know, so just try to give us as much communication as you can around your anticipated workload and we can balance that out. And if you have a week where you're like, this is really exciting project. I actually do have more time. You know, we can. We can move stuff up and down. So so we'll be able to do that. But yeah we'll plan around the like 10 to 15 hour as a baseline. When we when we scope out these projects. And then when does the spring quarter end for you
Eric Wong: quarter ends our finals week goes to March 29. Sorry May 29.
Jackson Bierfeldt: May 20. Okay.
Jackson Bierfeldt: I was like they really have shortened next week.
Eric Wong: Oh my God.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Okay great. So throughout May and then you have a another summer gig already lined up is that still the case?
Eric Wong: Yeah that's still the case.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Okay. And when when is that supposed to start?
Eric Wong: That starts June 15th. However I have plans to go to my brother's graduation over in Seattle just right before like the couple days before. So I'm not sure that I'll be able to do any work before then. The internship is 10 weeks starting June 15th so it'll end around August 12 if I'm not mistaken. And I have some summer classes planned during the internship and then after the internship I'll be free until hopefully I go to Paris through the September study abroad program which would start around. August.
Jackson Bierfeldt: 21 I think okay. Great. And then that that internship how how locked into that are you already like if if three weeks from now if you're just like wow jot sec is amazing. This is like the coolest thing ever just realistically like what is our chance of of pulling you pulling you in for this? You can say like it's unrealistic. I just want to know like yeah truth.
Eric Wong: I don't know. I think. Like just at a baseline it's like I'm probably leaning towards keeping that internship just because it's like a much bigger company it's like a Fortune 50 or something and so like I just want to be able to do like I want the opportunity to do some engineering in some bigger org and like I'm already doing like some background check stuff with them so just right now based like baseline before anything started the chances are I would say pretty low I think no that makes
Jackson Bierfeldt: sense you don't need to explain I just wanted to you know gut check to see if it was you know a super serious thing or if you were like no I'm like going to go you know wash cars with my uncle or something yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, that makes sense. Nothing against washing cars it's just you know agentic frameworks are a little more fun. Okay great so I think any other logistics that you wanted to go through I mean do we want to figure out like when we want to meet on a regular basis or yeah yeah let's talk about that and then Marcus can just intro a little more on the actual you know project of this worker but in in general how I think we'd like to structure things is by the end of you know the previous week you know we'll try and sometimes this will bleed into the weekend but we'll try to like give you before Monday at least you know a sense of like hey this is you know the project that we want to do for this week we'll try to do some kind of a like kickoff with you on you know at the beginning of the week and we can do that async sometimes if if that makes most sense but you know usually it's good to kind of send something over to you have you read it over we get on a call for 15 minutes and kind of talk it over any open questions things like that then throughout the week you know we'll be in Slack and we'd like to do you know asynchronous check ins there so you can chat with us we'll have a channel you can post updates and we really encourage the like posting of updates as you're working through something just so that we can kind of see where you are if you're stuck if you're going the right direction again communication super key here so if you have any questions or you just hey this is really cool I want to just like show off a midpoint check in that is always super valuable and then we'll try to structure it so that there's like an end of the week hey here's the actual deliverable here's where I got to this works this doesn't you know that kind of so we'll try to do it on like a week by week structure there with as few like scheduled calls as as possible again we're always on slack if you message us at 11:00 p.m on a Wednesday like there's a good chance someone's going to get back to you that night or early the next morning so don't be shy there but we don't want to and I'm sure you don't want this either we don't want to like meet five times throughout the week and have to be like schedule juggling all the time but it is important to us to at least have that like starting and like presenting block. Got it. Were you going to add something there Marcus no that works I mean like just to echo what all the time and you know we can't always hop on and see your quick video. Yeah so to that end you should be pretty flexible around you know your schedule and your your other coursework and you can just slot things in as needed there any questions on that or do you have anything you desire in terms of like the communication cadence or meeting schedule?
Eric Wong: No that sounds good I just wanted to clarify like Marcus said which days like specifically like meeting maybe just to like get that into my schedule right now
Jackson Bierfeldt: yeah I think you should try to find a little slot on Monday and Friday just tell us like oh Mondays at 11:00 a.m Eastern that works and Fridays let's do 4 p.m eastern like you should just look at your class schedule once you solidified on that and we can you know suggest sometimes and then we'll like put those on the calendars like regularly recurring events and try to try to stick to those.
Eric Wong: Sounds good.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Okay so I think that's mostly it for logistics I know you have a class in you know 10 minutes so Marcus do you want to just like give a really quick you know overview of the the Jot Worker. Now or should we just send that document over I think we showed some of the document over maybe we kind of went over it earlier I don't know if there's too much more to add unless you have specific questions about it I think
Eric Wong: start by no I think the yeah the specific questions would just be about implementation so I would just I'll I'll communicate with you guys over
Jackson Bierfeldt: Slack or something we'll get you the repo today I think. Today we'll get the access and then I'll send you over notion doc and then you can also you know just use it in Slack I think once we get you in Slack you'll see we'll point you to some of the places where we're actually using our team members are actually using it and you'll be able to use it and and it can also tell you about itself it has access to its own code base and so you can describe things to you so it's kind of cool perfect. Yeah so we'll after after this you're going to get a couple things you're going to get a email from our. Like employee management platform called Rippling and that's going to get you set up with a Jot psych email address Slack access I already added your Gmail account to Slack but we're going to remove that I did that because I forgot that we're supposed to actually go through this other thing so apologies for that but you'll get that that'll get you access to everything we're going to send you like a welcome onboarding doc that just has like general things about the company if you're curious to look through any of that and then Marcus will send you over you know the specifics on this project the code base and you can start exploring there.
Jackson Bierfeldt: And then we'll have this first project for you. I guess yeah like what is your capacity this week like do you want that first project right away or do you want to wait until next week?
Jackson Bierfeldt: To to stop working on it?
Eric Wong: Maybe next week maybe next week just because I want to be able to get like a sense of how the rest of my schedule besides classes is going to look especially for the next like two or so weeks just before classes start really really ramping up.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah yeah that works for us but yeah, we'll get that over to you so you can start noodling on it and and looking at it but we'll plan to start the regular cadence next week sounds good okay. Okay awesome well Eric we're we're super excited and we will see you in Slack soon all right bye guys have a good one.