Nathan Peereboom: I am good. How's Mexico?
Lee Harrold: What's up? You're still in Mexico? You're still in.
Nathan Peereboom: No, I'm in Miami. Adam's right across the table from me.
Lee Harrold: Oh, tragic. Just Miami. Oh, it's rough.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, it's. No, it's beautiful here. Except that it's totally cloudy. It's like Cleveland and Miami. Okay. I don't know if Marcus is going to join. Let me. Thanks, Becca. What's that, Lee?
Lee Harrold: I said, I think he is. He mentioned it this morning.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay. Awesome. Hey, did you get a chance to read through the memo?
Lee Harrold: Yeah, yeah, I have. I have a working eraser board that I'd like to I. Throughout this process, I might share at various points to add and ask questions through.
Nathan Peereboom: Awesome. Okay, let me start out just by giving you a little bit of like feedback on like the eligibility project because I think it's going to give you some. Just like some. Some guidance, like a little bit of a compass for how I want this one to go. Okay. So here's the thing that I want to really prevent with this project. So with eligibility, I think what happened is it just kind of like kept rolling, but we didn't have like. I didn't feel like we had a structure of experimentation and I didn't feel like we knew like when we were going to like pull, like make a call, like decide like, hey, this is kind of working. It's not working. Here's like what we have left in the tank. And it could be purely communication thing where like I just got like either lost in Slack messages or you know, you like kind of were running down a certain path and you know, and just didn't like, let me know. But for this project, I want to be really, really careful about making sure that like we know exactly like when we're going to like either kill, refine or scale it. Those are the three options for anything that you do basically in life, but definitely in business. And. And so as part of that, I'm gonna do two things. One, I want to set up like really clear milestone meetings so that like we're just like running in sync. And then two, I'm gonna ask you to report out basically every single day with just like one or two bullets in Slack, which is like, here's what I'm trying today to make this better. Cause I just want to know like where. What. What is the frontier of what we're working on at any given point so that. So that I, you know, so that we can all just kind of be brain melded on it. Does that sound good?
Lee Harrold: Yeah. Yeah, that sounds good. I think another thing we could do is define from the outset what like it would look like what we need to know in order to decide whether we want to kill. Or, or scale or, or refine.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, this one is less experimental. So I'm like, I would say I'm like 98 sure that we're not going to kill this one. I think that the AI caller was more experimental. But, but I do want to. When I think about killing, I think it's more like when do we pass this into the product? When do we like hold it on? Like just the admin side. It's more those touch points that I think you're, you're right to say, hey, we should have a definition of. Okay. Okay, let me, let me start out. Everyone's on the call. We've got Becca, Jackson, Marcus. Let me just start out by framing the goals here for everyone. So, you know, just as a reminder, you know, a big part of what we need to do in order to move into the billing space or the EHR space is we have to increase the value we provide a customer and we have to decrease the perceived friction of switching to jot psych. Those two things kind of have to lurch in opposite directions in order for us to start winning new customers from people that we already have relationships with. We know that patient data is accessible very easily in behavioral health EHRs. You know, this isn't epic, it's not Cerner. It's not like the VA's health, you know, health system. We know that it's easy to download data from an ehr, have it in a CSV that's like basically human readable, but certainly machine readable. We also know that people like uploading things. Like we don't want to reinvent the wheel here. We just want to create a way for anyone to upload basic patient data and for it to flow into jot psych. And that will be hugely helpful to Adam and Assia as they're doing eligibility checks. It makes jot psych itself more valuable because patients can be tagged to notes like from the get go rather than people having to manually port over everything. And it's obviously really valuable as we start to get into billing, which often relies on like a calendar. So basically what we want to do is we want to just create a self serve data upload flow. And I think that this is really obvious. Like we probably have to have a way to upload a file, read the file structure, map that file structure to what's inside jot psych, do QC and deduplication, and then you know, push it actually like into into job site. So just in terms of definitions of done here, you know, the best case scenario like the absolute best outcome is any document can be uploaded, data structure is auto mapped using an LLM. All the data, even if we're not putting it into like job site itself. Itself is either, you know, you know, is basically going to be saved. There's a clean, elegant deduplication experience. The data is syncing both at the patient level, but also at the calendar level. So we're able to, like, push account. Like, you know, if we download the appointments table in an ehr, it can go directly into Jata Calendar, and it feels like, magical, trustworthy. Like, it's actually a pretty special experience. There's different versions of this. You know, the. The kind of worst version is like, you know, hey, there's like a CSV template. We have to, like, move the file. Like, I have to create a Python script to translate the data from the EHR into that template. And then when I upload it, it's kind of buggy, and then there's everything in between. So as we go through this process, like, we'll just be, like, giving really, like, clear feedback of, like, okay, hey, we're like, kind of shooting for, like a B here or we're shooting for an A plus here. And that way we'll kind of know how well this is going. But I wanted to, like, at the outset just, like, be really clear about, like, what's best, what's worst, and, like, we'll, like, figure out, like, what's feasible, and the feasible will be somewhere in between. Okay. Marcus, Becca, Jackson, any input or additions to make to the framing before we just get into, you know, block and tackle, like, how we're going to, like, how we're going to run this, how long it's going to take, etc.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Nope, that looks good.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, cool. So, okay, so I actually want to work backwards from the wireframe presentation. And the reason is that we often start with eraser, which is like, backend. But the thing that I really care about is, like, the customer's experience. And so we don't have to do this on the call right now, but I want to basically have a set of screens, and it can be an eraser. It can totally be like an eraser diagram. But I want to see kind of in your brain, Lee, like, what you're thinking this will look like. And what I would recommend is using analogous software basically as the guide. But probably in the next, like, 24 hours, I'd like to see those wireframes, and you can send them async, we can give feedback on them, and then we'll do an eraser diagram after. That's the back end for those screens. And your goal, your North Star here is like, you just got to cut out everything that's extraneous because you want it to just be super easy. The goal is in everything here is just make it super darn easy. And so we'll do the back end diagrams probably within the 24 hours following the wireframes. And then the last thing is once we have the wireframe set up of like, hey, this is the pipeline that I want to build. As Lee I want to understand some of the experimentation that you're going to do to make sure that this is, like, robust to go to production. So, you know, for example, one of my recommendations would be. Talk to Adam and grab, you know, 20 different. Maybe 20 is excessive. 10 different data formats. Different, like, excel sheets from actual EHRs. These work. Make sure it's diverse. Make sure you're working with, like, four or five different EHRs. And then you should probably be, like, running each one of them through this, like, prototype system and then actually doing some, like, data checking. Be like, okay, I'm going to check five birth dates and I'm going to go through and I'm going to look at the EHR data and then I'm going to look at the job site data and actually track those five birth dates of real patients. And then you should probably do that with, like, yeah, I don't know, like 10 different data elements. And you probably just have to sit and go through it for a little while because this is one of those things where the margin for error is basically zero. You know, if we push a patient's chart into the wrong patient, that's like catastrophic. If we, like, mix up birth dates, it means that we can't get reimbursed. If, like, the patient's middle name is formatted in the wrong way, like, it means that there's again, a reimbursement problem. So the fidelity of this has to be pretty high. And so I want to see how you want to test it before you start testing it. And then I also want you to present this at an all hands so that everyone understands how it works. People are excited about it. It's something that. You've got your name on all that jazz.
Lee Harrold: Cool. Sounds good.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, cool. What questions do you have for me? How can I. One, what questions do you have for me? And two, what resources do you need to, like, knock this out of the park?
Lee Harrold: Yeah, I think from a process perspective, I don't have questions. What you've laid out is very clear in the document. A question about aligning on current job site stable data definitions. This might not be a question for you as maybe as much as it is for Jackson. What. What do we mean by stable data? Oh, actually, it's right here. It's like scroll up a bit in the blue. Very good. Align on current Jotsack stable data definitions.
Jackson Bierfeldt: I don't. I didn't write that. So I don't know what the author originally intended, but to me that means is like our current way of mapping stuff to the pat. Like, let's figure out if we need to change it or if it's sufficient as is. Yeah, data, like data schema.
Lee Harrold: Okay. Yeah, that makes sense. And to that I think we have. Like, it sounds like there are sort of four different direct uses that we've devised for the data that we expect folks to move in. And a lot of it, like patient care data we don't currently actively use. I imagine that's out of scope. So if I, for example, am a provider who wants to bring in. The 50 to 500 notes that I have for a given patient so that in the future I can generate forms for them based upon that. Like, that's, that's not something that we're interested in creating a new data structure for. We just want to have an existing data structure so we can toss it in like a data lake that we can, if we want to use in the future, we can use it. Am I. Am I correct?
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, I think partly what I would say is everything that we can collect, we want to collect. If it's easy to move any kind of data into the, you know, patient page, that's a, that's awesome, right? Like, if there's something where it's like, it's super easy for you. And again, this is a technical question. It's not really a product preference question.
Nathan Peereboom: If it's technically easy for you to display, like a bunch of PDFs that get pulled from the EHR, great. Like, make that part of the project. If it's easy. The, the. I don't want you to run down a rabbit hole for that. But part of what you're figuring out here is like, like, first preference, show it on the patient side. Second preference, stored in a data lake or store it. Sorry, not data lake, but like just some kind of like, like thing that we can, like in the future go through. But I wouldn't say it's like in scope versus out of scope. It's like a judgment call that you kind of have to make when you're working with it.
Lee Harrold: Sounds good. But the two real main applications that we want to focus on are making it really easy for a provider to get upcoming appointments based upon those in their EHR and then insurance information. Okay, cool.
Marcus Irven: I'm sorry to start, I was trying to cut it earlier with my mic.
Lee Harrold: Wasn't working for some reason.
Marcus Irven: Yeah, going back to what they were saying, like, I think when they upload something, we should just save the raw data right into like using our Jot Docs document kind of S3, you know, data lake, always just do that. So we have it, you know, indexed on user ID and organization id. And then, and then I think as you're looking through the data and like, see, you know, comparing it to what we have, like, we'll look where the gaps are and see, like, does it make sense for us to like, expand our schema or is it later or like, whatever.
Lee Harrold: Like, think about it that way. I think that's going to be a lot of data. Are we thinking of, like, keeping everything the user uploads forever.
Marcus Irven: For now. Yeah. Storage is cheap.
Lee Harrold: Yeah.
Jackson Bierfeldt: I think we should take a second here, and especially Nate, to really make sure we're understanding your vision, because this is something that we have worked on enough before to kind of know a little bit of the bounds here and the types of data. And I think we should just be super clear about the prioritization of what data needs to come in and be operationalized, because the scope creep here. Potential is enormous. Like, Every. Like, some EHRs are going to give us, you know, like, literally a CSV with just like the patient's name in it. And then some EHRs are going to give us a 48 gigabyte zip file that contains like, you know, PNG images of their insurance card and stuff like that. You know, so there is just like a lot of variability in what the different systems give us. And we're not talking like, Epic or Cerner, like, even Tebra, when Jenna Shock gave us her information, it was a huge amount of information and there's lots of different formats and we could just get totally lost in here. So I think we want to be really, really clear around, hey, what. Not necessarily the input format that we want to receive, but for definition of done, is it demographic information plus insurance information, or do we want to say that, like, you know, calendar appointments, like, how do those weigh up against diagnoses and like, medication history?
Nathan Peereboom: Yep.
Nathan Peereboom: So the pri.
Nathan Peereboom: So at the bare minimum, we need patients insurance data and calendar data because we can't run into eligibility checks without knowing when appointments happen. And so we gotta have those three things.
Nathan Peereboom: Now there's a world where, Lee, you just say, like, hey, the only thing that I can accept is a CSV file with that data. Every EHR exports that data. There's basically no EHR that we've come across as we've been doing eligibility checks for people that if you force them to download just a CSV of appointments, you can't get a table with like, appointments, insurance data, et cetera. So at the bare minimum, those are the things we need. Medical information is, like, way higher up in terms of the prioritization or, sorry, in terms of like, like, what we're doing, like, if we can get medical data that's like, to Jackson's point, like, that starts to create a lot of scope creep, which, you know, which you kind of have to, like, telegraph back to us if you're going to go for that. And we need to decide that that's worth going for. And then in terms of format, like, Jackson's bringing up, you know, like a zip file with a bunch of pictures of insurance cards. That's also something that, like, you know, is probably only, like, at the very, very, like, frontier of, like, what's possible here. And so you should probably just like, have a sense, like, probably probably like, I don't know, 72 hours into this, you should be telling us, hey, guys, we're going for level C here, or we're going for level B here or something like that. And we should all be aligned on it, but. But, yeah, the base, the most minimum thing is calendar data, appointment data, insurance data and patient data. Three things.
Lee Harrold: Awesome. Thank you for that clarification.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Sorry. Just to really push on this. I'm going to be annoying. I'm sorry. But I just want to, like, try to clear some of this up ahead of time. Hey, like, demographic information and insurance information is pretty clear. It's just strings. And, like, we can. We can map that. That's. That's not hard. The calendar information is going to be a little more difficult because it comes in all kinds of formats. And in the case where it's just like, yeah, you have one appointment on Tuesday with this patient, it's not always going to be clear, like, what that patient is, you know, coming from their. From their system. Like, they might have different ways of identifying patients, but also, like, calendars get crazy with, like, the recurring appointments, and this appointment belongs to that appointment. It's a subset of this appointment. And what. What is the appointment type? And does it have a template? And do we need to map that kind of stuff? So, like, what is the minimum information that has to happen for the appointment stuff? And is there a world in which, like, that actually is not part of the very minimal set of things that we have to pull over here?
Nathan Peereboom: No, we need the. We do need the appointment information, I think.
Jackson Bierfeldt: I mean, for how. For how long? Like, let's just say the only thing we can do is get individual appointments.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Like, we're not able to pull in all the recurring stuff. Like, how far forward do we need to have it? And what.
Nathan Peereboom: That is interesting. What's this?
Jackson Bierfeldt: Like, if. Would it be okay if we had the appointments, but we can't say which patient it goes to, you know, because, like, what if we bring in the patient and they already have a job, psych patient, and now we have to dedupe the patient, but we need to assign the calendar to one of those. Like, how do we know which one to assign it to?
Jackson Bierfeldt: Do we, like, assign it to the one we already have provisionally? Like, we're just going to. I know, like, this is something we should scope out, but I'm just trying to, like, set, like, the minimum. Like, this has to happen so that when we do start wading into these details, we have, like, a clear, guiding, guiding light.
Marcus Irven: Okay, here's what I would say. And then just one more thing to add to this is, like, what. When you say we need it, like, do we need it for, like, our own purposes? Or do we need. Or does the provider need it in their calendar? Because that can be two different things that we have in some structure that we use versus it's in the calendar.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. In order to do eligibility checks, we. An eligibility check is helpful relative to the next time you're going to see the patient. So an eligibility check that I do now for a patient MSC in three weeks is basically useless because their insurance has so much risk of changing over that three week period. So the typical way that we do eligibility checks is we will run it like three to five days before the actual appointment. So I would say that. And of course right now what we do is we actually log into their ehr, we download the CSV, we then have a Python script that converts that into like the format for steady. We upload to steady and then we do a study check. I think that the implication is it's good for us and it's good for like users to start seeing like, oh, this is what it would be like if I used jawsec as my system of record. All my appointments are in here. I get an eligibility check. Like I'm not like flipping back and forth from my EHR so much. That said, the point of this is to give the users kind of a taste of what a semi integrated like got psych as your system of record experience would be. And so for that reason I think we actually don't probably need to go out further than like three weeks, three or four weeks. So to Jackson's point, like, you don't have to do like all past appointments. You don't have to do like things that are recurring but like six months out. Let's say that we're time boxing it at 30 days because that's enough time where, hey, we can run a few eligibility checks. It feels robust. It goes past the trial period. So someone who wanted to do this day one of their trials could then, you know, experience it for the whole part of their trial. But it's not, but hopefully that trims the edges of some of these edge cases that might get really complicated. I also think that you just have to probably caveat, like, if some of this is a design question, there's going to be a bunch of stuff that like, you decide is like too hard to solve. And my preference would be to simply caveat that to the user and make sure they're aware of it when it's uploaded. So for example, if we're uploading appointment data, we should, rather than have them dedupe every single one, it might be that they have to say, hey, use my EHR as the source of, as the single source of truth or use job psych as my, my source of truth when making reconciliation between two conflicting calendar events or something like that. Or you might say like, hey, if there's conflict in the calendar, you know, we can't serve them or something like that. It's fine to like caveat some of that, but. But there are going to be a lot of these edge cases that we just have to decide. We're, we're okay kind of fine printing, not fine printing way but design languaging away just for mvp.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Are you imagining, Nate, that the, like, import my, for lack of a better term, longitudinal patient data? Like the stuff that's stable about the patient and all that? And I'm going to import my calendar once a week? Are those two tools the same tool? Are they separate tools? Are we like making it clear to them that they don't like come in at the same, at the same time? Because they're probably two different exports from the ehr, right?
Nathan Peereboom: Every EHR is going to export it slightly differently. I've seen it where sometimes these exports function like report builders where you just choose what you want exported and then it's all in a column. And so in that way like sometimes you get all the demographic, like the stable clinical demographic data with whatever else you want attached to it. So I think it depends by ehr.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Okay, well it just sounds to me like the patient thing is something that you probably do like once or like fewer times because like once you have a patient you have it. But we're going to be asking users with this import method because I actually think for users what they really want for calendar is syncing. They want it to just happen.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Whereas in this we're like, hey, it's not syncing, we have to educate them on that. But you can once a month or once a week go into your EHR and press export and then drag a file over into jot psych. I just want to be clear that that's like what the envisioned workflow is here.
Nathan Peereboom: The vision of the workflow is not that this happens on a repeated basis. The vision is that this happens like once or twice and gives them like a full experience that's just better, 90% better in job site. So it might be that they like do it at the beginning and then you know, for incremental patients they might have, they might choose, it might make more sense them just to manually enter like new patient data. But this is like in my brain this is like a one time bulk upload changes their jots experience. But like is not something they're going to do on a regular basis. And then Becca, the mismatch of EHR calendar and jot py calendar is not an edge case. Yeah, I don't think I'm saying that that's an edge case.
Nathan Peereboom: I'm just saying that like we can simplify it to just be like, hey, choose one to override the other rather than have like the most beautiful elegant knitting of like deduplication. If, if that makes sense. You know, like I think about when like I think developers are used to line by line reconciliation when two versions disagree like in a merge.
Nathan Peereboom: But there are plenty of other software where you know, like you save something to your downloads and it's titled the same thing. It's like, hey, do you want to replace this? Because you can either replace it or not save it. Those are the only two options, you know, so it's fine to have a. You're either replacing or not saving it. To simplify this mismatch problem, if that's, like, technically easier, does that kind of make sense?
Becca Bressler: Totally. I just think it then becomes a question of so then we'll jot. Psych stop recommending calendar appointments on their calendar or will jot psych start creating new appointments on their calendar when they create new encounters? Like, there's a lot of different things other than like, manually creating a calendar appointment that could create conflicts that continually arise, like, each day. So anyways, I don't. I don't know that that's in scope for this, but I do just kind of want to call that out.
Nathan Peereboom: That's a problem we already have though. Like, if you have an encounter for 5pm on a Wednesday on your job site calendar and then you mention that in a visit to a different patient, you still have the conflict. Right. Isn't that like a native problem?
Becca Bressler: It is. I just think it becomes messier when then we're introducing another source into the calendar, which is like the EHR calendar.
Nathan Peereboom: You know, the EHR calendar is not a different, like, entity in my mind. It's just like the data is getting pushed into the JOT side calendar and then any kind of. It's like, if we think people should use the job site calendar robustly, then we've got to expect that those kinds of conflicts happen all the time. Right. Or. Sorry, Becca, am I missing something here?
Becca Bressler: I don't know.
Nathan Peereboom: I'm not.
Becca Bressler: I don't want to, like, take us off track, so why don't I just, like, holster the guns and if it seems like it's coming up as a problem, I'll bring it back up, but I don't know if.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, no, I mean that. That's actually, I mean, an interesting thing you might choose to do, Lee, is on a calendar basis, you actually just like, have a different color for the calendar. That's the EHR calendar. I didn't even think about this until Becca kind of framed it as like, oh, EHR calendar versus job site calendar. You might choose to just like, have the EHR calendar in pink and the job site calendar in purple. And like, initially they're just like a little separate and then they sort of knit together as people keep using, like, jots, like, more and more frequently. I don't know, there's. There's like some design question there.
Lee Harrold: Sure. So I think, circling back quickly to Jackson's question about frequency of data transmission, if. If you want the user, you know, only to once or twice get data in from the external platform and we want them to get up to date calendar information, it sounds like we will need to build a syncing tool or an integration that they can run inside of their ehr.
Nathan Peereboom: That just sucks the data not. Not in scope for this though. Not in scope. Okay. EHR integrations are. They're super, super hard. I mean, even the Google one, which is probably one of the easiest, didn't really work initially. So no, real time calendar integration is absolutely not a part of this project.
Lee Harrold: You should.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, the user you should think about is like imagine someone were willing to completely transfer to job site and never go back to their ehr. That is like the MVP version of this situation. Don't imagine that they're doing this multiple times. Don't imagine that you have to solve the real time integration. Piece that's not in scope.
Lee Harrold: Sounds good.
Nathan Peereboom: Thank you, Jackson. Does that, does that boundary clear things up in your mind and does it simplify?
Jackson Bierfeldt: I think that's a good way to think about it. Like let's start with just imagining a one time thing and yes, maybe some people are going to want to run it multiple times or whatever, but like we should design it as a one time thing for, for now and then, you know, I guess address those other concerns as they, as they come up. Because yeah, we have to just build a different, a different feature there for the patient information. Lee, we should talk separately because there already is an entire tool that does all of this and works, but it just is missing the deduplication thing, which is the most important step of all of this. I think you'll find that the parsing of different inputs will be a little bit of a challenge and needs a bit of work. The mapping stuff is actually quite good and you should be able to just pick a lot of that up and continue using it. But what completely does not work at all right now and was the thing that really stopped us from even using this as an admin tool is the de duplication in duplication comes up because if someone has a completely blank JOT psych account, it works great, you know, to bring in all of the, all of the patients. But if they've even been using JOT psych a little bit, you know, they already have some of the patients that are in their EHR and in JOT psych and we need some way to make it clear that oh, these are the same, the same patient and they probably do want to just like override it with their, with their EHR's information. To Nate's point. Like it doesn't necessarily need to be a tool where we're like, oh, you know, their address is Main street with a period here and it's Main street without a period here. Like which one do you want to use? But we do have to find some way to make it easy for the user to drag this thing in and be like these 23. We think they're the same patient. Do you agree, user? Do you want us to update this? Because otherwise we're changing data and only they can know that. That's the other thing is there's John Smith Jr. And he goes by Jr. And then there's John Smith Jr. The second, but they didn't put in the second. But they know they're different people and they have to be able to be like, no, no, no, no, that one. Don't do it. But this one, yes. It's the same person. So that's going to be, like, the biggest UX challenge here that I'd really encourage you, Lee, to, like, spend some time on with the wireframe and just, like, look at how others. Software does this? I don't know, probably some we can look at. Other ehrs we can look at like what are those tools? Like HubSpot? Nate, what do you call that platform of that? CRMs? Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Jackson Bierfeldt: CRMs probably have like, you know, figured out really good interfaces for this kind of thing and we should just in like I'm sure Google workspace even like we love copying Google stuff. Like I'm sure they have some view like this. So let's just look at a couple of those and figure out like, hey, how do people manage this thing where you might be showing them potentially 500 things that need to be merged and make it so that they can like do a trusted decision on it and we should just try to copy that. But that needs to be solved for this import thing. And I think it will also be the case that there's a lot of people who will just hit import and like bring everything in as a new patient and then later want to dedupe them. So the reason I bring this up, and maybe this is scope creep and you shoot this idea down, but I just want to bring it up because it's my hobby horse on this. But like this patient deduplication thing is requested like once a week. You know, you've seen it in front, I'm sure like people right now, especially once we turn down organizations and like sharing patients. I've watched people type in like John doe and like 35 John does come up and they just pick a different one every time and they like don't really know and then they lose the patient consistency. So something in this tool should ideally be able to be run like on the existing, you know, patient data. And maybe the way to do that is to just like make this thing import all the patients as new patients and then it just like runs the deduplication tool afterwards and like pops it on the screen for them or whatever. Sorry. I'll let you figure out how other people do this and the best practices here. But I just want to flag that. Like if you're going to go through the trouble of doing this dedupe process, which is very critical for success for this, we probably want to also be able to use it to solve the existing data deduplication thing. But if you find that that's too much scope creep and it's going to slow things down on this pushback, that's your prerogative. I just wanted to throw my two cents.
Lee Harrold: Thank you.
Nathan Peereboom: Hey, I would just jump in, sorry.
Becca Bressler: And be super clear about the user we're designing for when we say they're importing it one time. This is someone who's like, hey, I want to use JOT Psych as my system of record, though. I want to start by importing the next month of appointments I have on my EHR cal into JOT Psych's EHR and or into JOT Psych's calendar so I can start using it and then once I import. From now on, I'm exclusively using JOT Psych's calendar to create appointments and make sure those appointments. Appointments have all of the necessary information in it to run eligibility checks. Right? Like, that's the. That's who we're talking about. Yeah. Okay. I just want us to be like, super, super concrete about that.
Lee Harrold: Great.
Nathan Peereboom: Maybe a little clarification. Becca, let me try this user story on just for the sake of getting it right. As a potential JOT Bill client, I want to feel a complete version of, like, what it would be like to use JOT Psych as my system of record. But I'm only going to really be testing that at a eligibility basis. Like. Like for the eligibility product up front.
Nathan Peereboom: But I want to kind of, like, unders. I kind of want to feel what it's like for that. So the only reason I add the caveat is because I do want to be careful about not putting too much emphasis for Lee on the downloading of all the medical information. You know, the lab orders, the old notes, all that for sure.
Becca Bressler: Just the eligibility stuff. Right. I wanted to know what it would feel like to use job site for the next month to do eligibility checks. So I'm going to make sure JOT Psych has all of my appointment insurance information. Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. All right, Cool. Lee, I just added a bunch of calendar invites. I think that they pro. Hopefully they came through, but just for the avoidance of doubt. So we're going to do a touch base. Let me refresh this so that it sends. But I'd like to touch base about this tomorrow and have the wireframes on Friday. I'd like to.
Marcus Irven: Can we do that on Friday? Tomorrow's Wednesday.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay.
Marcus Irven: Sacrifice that.
Nathan Peereboom: Totally. Okay, let me push everything back then one day. Yeah, let me. Let me update that.
Lee Harrold: Yeah. The first checkpoint will be Friday for the wireframe and then Monday for the.
Nathan Peereboom: So, okay. Yeah, so we'll do the wireframe on Friday and then we'll just push everything back one day.
Lee Harrold: Sounds good to me. I'm going to do a quick review, actually. How do I share. Let me share my screen. In this conversation, I found maybe six, maybe five tangible things. Maybe four if these are the same. Jackson, it sounds like there is an existing patient import tool that I saw Mehdi's name on some amount of notes, but I'll pick your brain for. Where that is and how to find it. Eligibility information upload might or might not be packaged into this or stapled onto it. We'll need a sort of deduplication UI that ideally can be invoked from any place, which is distinct from an upload ui, which will use as an opportunity to guide the user on how they might export data from their information. And then this idea of if they have information on their calendar, we could explore potentially showing both on the same, using different colors or maybe different calendars. Was there any other.
Marcus Irven: I would just say let's not do different calendars. Like, I think we have a way of distinguishing appointments. Like something where we do color coding already. I kind of forget what all the. Yeah, Okay, cool.
Lee Harrold: Then I think if we're aligned on, like, those physical things, I'm going to take a step back and, you know, rewatch the grain later, synthesize this information into something more structured and send out kind of my next steps going into Friday. Sound good?
Nathan Peereboom: This is huge. If. If we get this right, it's, like, so helpful. It really, really, really changes the calculus for a lot of clinics in terms of just trying us as a real system of record.
Nathan Peereboom: So go knock this out of the ballpark and let us know how you need help. Okay, we'll do.
Marcus Irven: Thank you. Thank you.