Christopher Hume: Yeah, Washington is beautiful. I went the first time for a conference a few weeks or a few months ago.
Emily Kaiser: Okay.
Christopher Hume: Beautiful.
Emily Kaiser: Yeah, it really is. We have a large amount of family over there. I always say I'd love to live over there one day.
Christopher Hume: Yeah. I'm like, definitely felt that way, too when I was there.
Emily Kaiser: Yeah. Was that your first time?
Christopher Hume: Yeah. So I went to a conference, and then for the day or two after, I stayed with my cousin and her husband. Okay. And, you know, the whole family is always like, oh, why is Kathleen in Seattle? Why is she so far away? And then, you know, visit. I'm like, oh, I sort of get it. This is awesome.
Emily Kaiser: Yeah. It's just really cool out there. Like, you have the mountains, you have the ocean. Yeah.
Christopher Hume: Like, all you need, right?
Emily Kaiser: Yeah.
Christopher Hume: And so I'm guessing what's going to happen here, Right, is that doctor is just looking. Is she looking for an AI scribe for her current practice or just the new office they're opening up?
Emily Kaiser: Sounds like just the new office.
Christopher Hume: Okay.
Emily Kaiser: But I would imagine. I mean, maybe down the line it's a. Yeah, it goes well. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, why not have everything integrated onto one, you know what I mean?
Christopher Hume: The ease of it all. Yeah.
Emily Kaiser: Let me send a. See, I'll do a text message. Okay, let's see if we hear back.
Christopher Hume: Sounds good. You guys connected yesterday, right?
Emily Kaiser: Not yesterday. At the end of the week, Last week.
Christopher Hume: Okay.
Emily Kaiser: Yeah, I. She ended up just getting me in touch with her assistant, so I booked through her.
Christopher Hume: So I invited both of them. And Solange.
Emily Kaiser: Yes. It doesn't look like either accepted the meeting. So.
Christopher Hume: Let's give it to 1007 or 10:08 and then I'll drop and you can just coordinate with her and if you need to pull me back and jump back in. Okay. How are things going this week in terms of.
Emily Kaiser: Yeah, going pretty well. I have had this morning, I feel like, specifically I've had a lot of people answer and, like, tell me that they are not related to the behavioral health field at all. So I marked a couple wrong numbers. I just feel like I haven't had that in maybe the last two lists. But this morning specifically, I've gotten like four or five people.
Christopher Hume: Very interesting. Yeah. Very weird. Is this a new list? Did you start a new list today?
Emily Kaiser: This is list 10. So it was uploaded last week?
Christopher Hume: Yeah.
Emily Kaiser: Oh, one thing I spoke to, we had somebody in our system and it was like their office line. So I called and that person's no longer employed there. So I actually ended up getting the practice manager, Heather Steele, and she actually sounded. I mean, we briefly spoke, but she sounded like she was interested in trying out job psych as the pilot program, but not until summer months. She wants to kind of revisit.
Christopher Hume: Okay, well, then let's just add her. I think about this this morning, Emily. I think I'm probably going to have to move you and Jack to HubSpot soon, just because I know you're like tracking a lot of things through whatever your system is. It's just like not a ton of tools for success. But I don't know if you want to put maybe a reminder on both of our calendars for. Let's do May.
Christopher Hume: Could you do something like May 1st, just like a 15 minute meeting between you and me? Yeah. And then. Yeah, let me think about what tools I need to get you guys, because I think, like, we seem like more and more B2B people are just kind of being unearthed here. And it's just a lot hard. Like there's a lot more remembering required.
Emily Kaiser: Right. And my thing was like this person, for instance. I just kind of updated. I can show you my screen.
Emily Kaiser: I just kind of updated it. I don't know if this is how I'm supposed to do it, but I also was thinking I want to make sure this information is seen, you know?
Christopher Hume: Yeah. Do you? Yeah. Like, we need to put her in HubSpot and probably mark her as like, a paused deal that I can come back to.
Emily Kaiser: So I updated the contact to, but also the practice name and changed it to landline and then just basically put a note in there. But I don't know if anyone ever sees these notes, you know?
Christopher Hume: You know, sometimes when I spot check stuff, I'm like, holy, what's going on? With who do we connect with? These notes are super helpful, but let's just. So her name is Heather Steele. Could you just slack her name to me and I'll create a deal it HubSpot.
Emily Kaiser: Perfect. And then I'll send you an invite for May 1st.
Christopher Hume: Yeah. And then the other thing, Emily, it seems like the audit job fill thing. Yeah. Is resonating with people.
Emily Kaiser: Definitely.
Christopher Hume: Can you. So just like, behind the curtain. We're rolling. We're actually rolling job fill out to our first client, like, today.
Emily Kaiser: Oh, exciting.
Christopher Hume: So Adam, Nate, and Jackson are down in Miami, like, meeting with the client, all that stuff, or customer. And then what I want to do is. So I need to check with them today, see how everything goes, like, figure out what our capacity is. Like, I have a much better idea this evening on, like, how much we can actually, like, how many people we can support at a time, what information, like, what makes a good fit, what makes a bad fit. But then what I want to do is us to do kind of like a call campaign of current customers that we identify, like, strong fits. And like one, like, learn from them and like, learn about, oh, what are your issues of billing? What are your issues with eligibility checks? Then people who are like, perfect fits get them scheduled into, like a jot audit or jot audit meeting. And then people who are slightly less perfect fits, get them to agree to be put on a wait list. And then we start, like, building, like, excitement that way. Okay, so the reason I tell you all that is, have you noticed when you bring this up with people, is there anything that, like, about John Audit, like, in particular, where people like you say something and people are like, oh, shit. Or is there, like, an issue they face that they bring up that you've seen more than once?
Emily Kaiser: That's a good question. I feel like I have not gone so far in depth to really uncover the needs specifically for whoever I'm speaking to.
Emily Kaiser: It's just kind of giving them some, like, basic information. Like, we just implemented JOT audit and JOT bill. We're really positioning ourselves to help. Clinicians get paid along other features, and that just kind of hooks them just enough to where they want to know more, to where they would be willing to book a meeting.
Emily Kaiser: But they don't really offer up much more information. Sometimes I'll throw out, like. And have you been audited before? Yeah.
Emily Kaiser: But so much information in return.
Christopher Hume: No, that's perfect. I mean, I was pretty explicit. Like, let's not go too crazy here because we don't know what we're promising yet because there's a little bit of a disconnect between product development and. So I was just wondering if anything had come up. So I would just keep doing that for now. Okay. And then, yeah, at some point, either this week or right when you get back, we'll be rolling out kind of some new ways we're going to attack this. Okay. You are out Thursday, Friday. Is that right, Emily?
Emily Kaiser: Yes. I had the intention of hitting 15 hours before I left, so. So.
Emily Kaiser: And I don't think I know.
Christopher Hume: So.
Emily Kaiser: Yeah, no, no, no worries. We'll probably be on later this week. Okay. Because, you know, there's probably going to be downtime and stuff, so I'm going to bring my computer, but I will be out majority of the day. Probably getting in, like, I don't know, four or five hours when I'm there.
Christopher Hume: Okay. And no pressure. If you need, like a reset time and you don't want to work, like, obviously you can, but there's not, like a. No pressure from our end.
Emily Kaiser: Okay, thank you.
Christopher Hume: Cool. Okay. And I'll ping Jack. I think Jack is out today and tomorrow or today and yesterday. But it might make sense for us to do a checkpoint. Move our checkpoint from Friday to Wednesday, the one day everyone's in.
Emily Kaiser: We'll see if we can set that up. I could do that. I could do that. Preferably in the morning.
Christopher Hume: Okay, perfect.
Emily Kaiser: Maybe like an 11 noon.
Christopher Hume: Okay. Yeah, we'll see if that works for Jack and then if not, we'll just connect next week.
Emily Kaiser: Okay, sounds good.
Christopher Hume: Awesome. Thanks, Emily. Let me know if Dr. Matip gets back to you and I can jump back in.
Emily Kaiser: Nothing yet, but I. Wait one second. I gotta. I just got a message.
Christopher Hume: Perfect.
Emily Kaiser: See what she says. Oh, she said what? Question mark. Okay, I'm gonna let you go.
Christopher Hume: Just coordinate with her. And if you need me, I'm ready.
Emily Kaiser: Okay, sounds good. Thank you.