Jack Waugh: Hi, Ibrahim. Hey, can you hear me okay? Hey, how are you?
IBRAHIM MAHASNEH: I'm fine. Yeah.
Jack Waugh: Awesome.
IBRAHIM MAHASNEH: Yeah.
Jack Waugh: So, I know it looks like you had booked a meeting, so just wanted to talk to you and just wanted to see, kind of how did you hear about jot Psych? And what made you interested in trying us out? Yeah. Hey. Sorry. Are you able to hear me all right.
IBRAHIM MAHASNEH: Yes, I have you ahead of me.
Jack Waugh: Yes, I can hear you. So, yeah, today, basically, we're just going to go over a quick demo kind of how jot psych works. So I don't know, are you. Are you actually in front of a computer right now? It's probably easiest if you are. That way I can kind of walk you through how the software works. And all that.
IBRAHIM MAHASNEH: You want me use the computer?
Jack Waugh: Well, if you're able to, probably easiest, it's okay. If not, I'm happy to tell you about it.
IBRAHIM MAHASNEH: I can't. Computer. I am on work. I use my phone, that's it.
Jack Waugh: Okay, well, that's okay for now. We can just talk about it over the phone.
IBRAHIM MAHASNEH: Yes.
Jack Waugh: Just wanted to ask you, how did you hear about Jot Psych. And kind of what made you interested in trying us out and learning more?
IBRAHIM MAHASNEH: Now. I am at an rn for medical theoretical telemetry from eta2021. Until now. And the kindred hospital barometer. But it had before. Last year I started study about it MP Psychiatric.
Jack Waugh: Right.
IBRAHIM MAHASNEH: Psychiatric mental health. I am looking for any job as psyched rn. It's a psychiatric because I need it to add some experience. For definition np.
Jack Waugh: Gotcha. And sorry, you said you're looking for a scribe to help you with that? Yeah. Cool. Right now. What is your current notetaking time look like? Are you spending a lot of time on notes? How much time per week would you say you're spending on your notes and charting for patients?
IBRAHIM MAHASNEH: Now I have three ds. Three.
Jack Waugh: Oh, I'm sorry. I didn't catch that.
IBRAHIM MAHASNEH: I have it three days a week free.
Jack Waugh: Days a week free, so? Meaning the other two days a week you're spending with patients. Just so I get a little context, what's your understanding about who we are and what we do? Kind of.
IBRAHIM MAHASNEH: Again. What use question.
Jack Waugh: Yeah, sorry. So I was just wondering, how did you hear about job site specifically? What made you want to try us and use ascribe for your work?
IBRAHIM MAHASNEH: I am looking forward any job it has RN psychiatric.
Jack Waugh: Oh, I'm sorry. You said you're looking for a job.
IBRAHIM MAHASNEH: Yeah.
Jack Waugh: Oh, that's so we're not an employer of Psych nps. We're actually an AI scribe. We help Psych NPS save time on their notetaking. Does that make sense? So what we kind of do is people who are working as a psych practitioner, we give them a scribe to kind of help them save more time so they don't have to spend as much time taking notes. That's what we do. We're not, like, hiring practitioners. Yeah, okay.
IBRAHIM MAHASNEH: Yeah.
Jack Waugh: Cool. So, yeah, I wanted to ask, would you say, what's the biggest issue facing your notes right now? As far as practicing goes, would you say it's like time spent on notes or more the charting and customization of the notes. Oh, hey, Ibrahim. I think I lost you for a second there. Can you hear me? Okay. Hey, Ibrahim. Not sure if you can hear me. I'm going to try giving you a call on your cell phone here. Oh, it doesn't look like in reach your cell phone. I don't know. I'm not able to hear you on your end. Can you still hear me?