Adam Harrison: Hey, sean. Hey, how's it going? Can you hear me okay? Your audio doesn't seem to be coming through. No worries. Take your time. Oh, I think it's working now.
Sean Booker: Got it.
Adam Harrison: Got it.
Sean Booker: There we go.
Adam Harrison: Perfect. How you. There we go.
Adam Harrison: Adam, how you doing? I'm. I'm doing well.
Sean Booker: How about you? I'm doing great. Thank you for asking. I appreciate the opportunity.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, of course. And sorry for the calendar meeting trouble. Okay. Yeah, my. My bad there. Sometimes the meeting link gets left off. So thanks for. Thanks for understanding and of course, do you have a little time to go over? Do you have maybe like a few extra minutes just because we're starting a little late?
Sean Booker: Yeah, for sure. 100%, no problem.
Adam Harrison: Okay. Awesome. Awesome. Well. Well, yeah, first of all, I wanted to thank you for applying to the role. Understand you and Nate connected and then, you know, you applied that way. So reviewed kind of your. Your submission and everything. I think purpose of this call is just like a very brief kind of get to know you, share a little bit more about. I can share a little bit more about like jot psych and the role, answer any like preliminary questions that might be like top of mind for you. Okay. And then I would also love to like, hear a little bit more about yourself, your background, kind of what you're. What you're. What you're solving for next. Okay. And yeah, we can kind of go from there. Does that all sound good to you?
Sean Booker: Sounds great, man. Thank you.
Adam Harrison: Awesome. Awesome. So, yeah, I will. I will kind of kick off then. So my name is Adam. I sort of am leading up things on the marketing side here at Droughtsic, although I have kind of a few other responsibilities as well. So I don't quite spend as much time as I would like, which is part of why we're looking to bring on some additional folks here. Okay. My background, I was in management consulting and then private equity and then started a job site just about a year ago. And yeah, it's been. It's been a lot of fun. It's been a great journey. A little bit about jots, like what we do. I think some of this you probably already know. But just to recap, the core of what we offer is AI scribe for behavioral health professionals, primarily psychiatrists.
Adam Harrison: Really what that means is it will. It's like a web based application that you would, you know, it would record your conversation in the background and then afterwards generate your clinical note for you. And then you know that you can kind of review and approve. So it's. Burnout is a huge problem in the industry. There's, you know, we're saving clinicians on our. On average like an hour or two per day that they would be otherwise, like just writing up notes. And so that is like really exciting that we get to be, like, helping the. These clinicians who are doing, like, such a service for people. So we are now kind of moving more into the billing world.
Adam Harrison: So helping clinicians to get. Paid, helping them in sort of the, all the challenges of insurance and dealing with insurance. So that's a little bit about us in terms of this role. You know, we, a lot of people discover us through actually like meta and Instagram ads, content that we've created, you know, there and so, but we haven't really done a very good job of like putting ourselves out there and creating content to go to the, into the world there. And so we're looking for folks who are creative, who are excited about kind of the mission that we're, we're doing here and who want to help kind of like be, be a pretty, I would say, you know, have a lot of like creative latitude also to kind of like try a bunch of different things and kind of just share, share like what we do with the world and how we can help people. So, so yeah, that's, that's a little bit about the role. Would love to maybe pause there and hear a little bit about you and yourself and then we can kind of go into like your questions and kind of what the next steps would look like from here.
Sean Booker: For sure, for sure. So over the last year, pretty much I've just spent so much time building a content brand from scratch. I just, I really wanted to understand what, you know, what the algorithm actually is and how to get people to, you know, be part of your audience, grow your audience and see what the best way to do that is. Successfully I was able to reach around 35,000 followers and 8 million plus views. And you know, I've learned a lot about not only myself, but I've learned a lot about, you know, what gets people moving. And most of this stuff happened within five months. The first half of the year was just about constant testing, constant iteration, trying to see what actually works, but not only just that, understanding what the data is and how you can actually apply it. Because I think that that's where a lot of people go wrong, a lot of companies go wrong. And if you're able to take advantage of this social media age right now, specifically right now, I think there's a lot of room for growth and room for opportunity. And I just have fallen in love so much with it. It kind of gets me really, you know, gets me going a little bit here. Before this, I was a front end software engineer at two different crypto startups. And so I really understand what it takes to help a company grow not only from the creative side, but the technical side as well, because you have all of these different AI tools that can help you become more efficient, more consistent as well. And I think that that's what you really need to not only be consistent and show up every day, but also try to just help you make better content. Overall. I really want to help apply these skills that I've learned, you know, specifically recently, to helping a company that's actually doing stuff and job psych seems like a really great opportunity to do that, and I'm very excited to apply for this opportunity.
Adam Harrison: Yeah. Yeah. Thanks so much, Sean.
Sean Booker: That's awesome.
Adam Harrison: Awesome to hear and really cool, like, you know, the traction you've gotten in the past. Thank you. Thank you. Maybe I'll ask a couple quick questions and then I'm sort of curious to get your questions as well. So I guess in terms of like your, your content, tell me a little bit more about like, what your experience has been, like, what are the different kinds of things that you, that you've created?
Sean Booker: Well, when I first started, I didn't really, obviously didn't know exactly what was going on in the moment. Right. I think that's how everyone kind of starts. But. And a lot of people kind of fall off because of that, because they get stuck. They're not really sure. The one thing that I think that helped me grow most was the fact that I didn't just listen to everybody. Right? Because on, you know, on social media, you're gonna have people telling you, you know, do this for this platform, do this for this platform. But what kind of worked for me was just not even listening to that and kind of leaning in more towards the educative side of it. I feel like a lot of people nowadays, they want connection, they want to be able to learn something. And if you're able to tap into that, that's when they reward you with their follow. They'll reward you with their time and reward you with their money. I think a lot of companies and a lot of people nowadays are just say, dude, we have this. Buy, buy, buy, use this, users use this. But sometimes you have to think more of how can I build something here? How can I build a community here? Are people getting actual value here? And when I leaned into that, that's where my page just completely exploded. And it happened pretty much in like two to three months. Right? And the last three months has been more about just like, you know, iterating, becoming better at making that specific content. But yeah, the first half of the year, you know, I was doing kind of the same things everyone else was doing, and people aren't people and, and content creators and companies, they aren't taking enough risk, I personally think, to show that they're different. I think that they want to portray the certain image that they're exists when in reality people don't really care. You know, what they care about is, am I getting value from this person? Are they giving it in a unique way? And if you're able to do that, I think you'll have no problems being able to, you know, scale a brand, to scale a business, things of that nature. Obviously there's that, there's more that goes into it, but just from the content creation side and building an audience, like top of funnel stuff. I think that that's the most important thing, just being willing to be different and, and not being afraid to use different formats for, specifically for, you know, for example, posting long form on TikTok. Right. Not just thinking, okay, yeah, TikTok is a short form spot. I'm gonna, you know, only do short form. Maybe try posting, like, a podcast on TikTok. Right. Those little things, I know it sounds counterintuitive, but, like, they make a difference. And I just. That's what I'm just really passionate about, seeing those little things, seeing those nuances that people don't really look at. I think that if people lean into that, there's. It's such so much opportunity there. It's crazy.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, no, totally agree. And agree. We, we definitely are excited about maybe, like, Being more experimental and not being too conservative. Right, because then you get sort of lost in the. So maybe slightly different question, like, what are the different tools that you usually use when like, you know, when you go from sort of like idea all the way through to posting something, like, what are all the different tools you use along the way to like get that polished final product 100.
Sean Booker: So idea generation wise, usually the way that I do it personally is that when I have an idea, I write it down, right? First thing off the rip. If I need to extrapolate on that and try to, you know, get different angles, that's when I'll maybe pull up Chat GPT or Claude and actually see. All right, are there different angles that I'm. That I'm missing here? Can I attack the same topic in a different way? And from there it's about just using, you know, obviously, you know, cap cut, things of that nature. I use Streamlabs, which is able, you know, which allows me to, you know, kind of record long form content and then split it, right? So I'll record like an hour, two hours worth of content. Use Capcut or TikTok itself because TikTok has new features now and things of that nature where you can take long form and then split it up, you know, to 30, you know, one minute length, you know, pieces, things of that nature. Right. And then also auto posting, because there are plenty of different AI tooling that you can, you know, insert these clips into and they'll post for you. So me personally, most of it for me just comes from me, but I use these different, you know, tools to help just get the content out there a little bit faster, a little bit more efficient, just so I don't have to keep thinking about it. If you just wake up and think, okay, yeah, like, what am I going to post today? It takes a lot of time to think about it and then to try and script it out and think about how you want to do it. But if you have an idea of what to do every day, maybe one day is for planning, one day is for execution, one day is for analyzing data. Things of that nature, things just move a lot smoother. So I have different ways of doing it and things have switched up kind of along the way. But my main three things would be streamlabs, claw or Chat GPT or. And then some sort of auto poster, whether it be through TikTok or whether it be through some other form of, you know, AI. That does it for me.
Adam Harrison: Gotcha. Okay, super cool. Well, I'll just briefly outline what the next steps are in the process, and then we'd love to answer any questions about really anything on your mind. Okay, so the next step we have here is like a sort of like a take home exercise. It will be like a paid take home exercise. So we, you know, if, if what you submit is really great, we probably will like post it, if that's okay with you.
Sean Booker: Sure.
Adam Harrison: 100%. Yeah. But we'll, we want to, like, make sure we pay you. For that, you know, that would be kind of not right if we.
Adam Harrison: 100 if we didn't do that. Right. So. So it'll all. You know, I think I'll send you a brief later today that will be pretty detailed in terms of the kind of what we're looking for at a high level. What we are looking for here is one kind of like static concept. Okay. Of like, you know. Yeah. Not necessarily video. Something that is just kind of like more of a still image that we can post and then one that is like a very short form. Video could be any kind of video you want. Could be like no constraints there. You can do any format that you want. Right. You don't have to show your face.
Sean Booker: You can show your face.
Adam Harrison: You can record your screen. You can record your screen from your phone. You can do like a product walkthrough. You can do something totally out of the blue. Right. We're not, we don't want to constrain you at all there. And then in that brief we also included some like kind of thought starters of like hey, here's some concepts that are pain points or things that like kind of resonate with our customers. Here's some prior ads that we've done that, posts that we've done that have like done well. So you can sort of. We don't want to like constrain you at all but we want to make sure we're not just kind of like giving you nothing to go off either. So. So that will be like the next step here. We would ask that you know, you try to get back as soon as you can but like a week would be totally fine, you know and you should also feel free to push back if that's not feasible. And then from there we may do a few like back and forth iterations and then that would be like, we might have like a few additional conversations after as far as like next steps. So does that sound good to you? Any questions on either like the immediate like next steps or more broadly like hey, I don't understand this about jot psych or the role or you know, hey, this is my like I'm really looking for a full time thing and you know, or I want a contract role. Like what's on your mind? Anything I can help answer at this point?
Sean Booker: Yeah.
Sean Booker: 100 so first thing I would, I really want to, you know, get the answer to is I was able to check out some of your guys, you know, social media pages. I was wondering how much of a priority organic content is for you guys. And is. Is it something that you guys are trying to expand on as well, or is it mostly just paid? If you don't mind answering.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, it's a great question. I think we're probably starting a little more with paid. Okay. Just because there's that immediate traction.
Sean Booker: You get 100.
Adam Harrison: That being said, we do want to, after we, like, kind of fuel that engine a little bit. Yeah. Because we're, like, very. We have a lot of very stale concepts that are running now that. Like did well, you know. Yeah. Months ago. But now there's some like creative fatigue. So I would say like, immediate priority is like, let's fix where the dollars are going and make sure that that is like performing. And then I do totally think there is an opportunity on the organic side where there's, you know, you could tell there's very limited there. Right. We don't have really anything going on right now.
Sean Booker: Yeah. Okay, that sounds great. One last question, if you, if you don't mind. So I, I know that you guys are. Are you guys looking for more of a contract right now and then see if things are going to kind of move into the part time slash, you know, full time role or is it. Or are you just kind of, you know, saying if this is what you want to do, this is where you, what you can do or if you don't mind.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, I think we're pretty flexible at the moment, so it would depend a little like on how things go and also what you're looking for. We can be in, you know, we can. I think we'd probably start contract. Yeah.
Sean Booker: Either way, that makes perfect sense.
Adam Harrison: It could be on the low end of like, hey, every week we're just doing like a couple new concepts and pay for those and we. That's totally fine if that's the steady state. I do also think this could evolve into a role that's really like more of a head of content type of thing for us. Right where. Or you know, where you are, like really have pretty broad oversight of like everything that we are putting out on our website, on LinkedIn, on social media, on paid, on organic, like blog posts, even to like more, you know, so we do see that as a path. But you know, right now we're probably just kind of doing baby steps to be 100% completely.
Sean Booker: That's completely fine with me. Sounds great. Thank you very much. I really appreciate the answers.
Adam Harrison: All right, Sean, thank you so much. I'm sorry again for being late and thank you for a few extra minutes here and I'll get you something over later today and feel free to let me know if you have like questions that come up as you take a look through that and yeah, looking forward to this.
Sean Booker: Perfect. Sounds great, man. All right, thank you, Sean. Take care.
Adam Harrison: How's going? Bye. Bye.