Emily Kaiser: Hi Richard.
Richard Wright: How are you? Good, good, good. Let me just launch. My app here. Hold on. It's not wanting to be what it's supposed to do. Hold on. There it is. I had a hard time getting in. It kept thinking I had a demo.
Emily Kaiser: Oh. At the trial.
Richard Wright: Yeah. All right. I think I'm in. Okay. Okay. Let me once you make me the host and I'll show you my screen.
Emily Kaiser: So I shouldn't have to make you the host. If you go down, you'll see the microphone, the camera, and then that little laptop that says share screen if you ever over it.
Richard Wright: All right, let me. Share screen. Edge tab. Where do I need to pick on the window?
Emily Kaiser: Some people like just to do the entire window or entire screen.
Emily Kaiser: Is kind of most helpful, I would say, between.
Richard Wright: So once I click it, then
Emily Kaiser: one click entire screen and then select the screen. I click the screen that you're seeing in the options. Okay, perfect. Okay, now you're able to kind of navigate to where you were. Perfect. Okay, cool.
Richard Wright: All right, so. Let me just start here with what I'm trying to find. Okay. Okay. First of all, it shows me a list when I go to an invoice. And I know you guys are going to fix this invoice because it's not right. Where did it go? I really don't like meaningless teams. I just don't do well with it.
Emily Kaiser: The Google meet. So if you go down actually to your Google Chrome browser.
Richard Wright: Yeah, I'm there and I hit.
Emily Kaiser: Oh, no, you're good on presenting. I wouldn't go ahead and cancel that. You're just seeing double screen because you're sharing your entire screen. So go down to the bottom of your page and select one of those Google all the way down to that toolbar ball. Toolbar. Yep. Perfect.
Richard Wright: Okay, so. What I want to do is I've got a list of providers, your providers. Hold on. Okay. First of all, I've got providers here that are no longer my providers and they're still being listed and I'm still paying for. Okay. Okay. So. If I want to pull up, for instance, Kyle left some time ago. It wasn't active. How do I show all the invoices and how far back I've been billed for his services so I can recover the money from him?
Emily Kaiser: Okay, so what happens if you, this is a good question. So we're going to navigate it together and if we're not able to figure it out, I will get you an answer. So that pencil. All the way to the right next to Kyle's name. Go ahead and click that. So here is where you can deactivate member, but go ahead and either click. Let's try with billing information first. If you scroll down.
Richard Wright: Quick profile. Go to where?
Emily Kaiser: Profile. Okay, so here's where you can deactivate the member.
Richard Wright: Before I deactivate him, I want to give him an opportunity to pay me back.
Emily Kaiser: Right. So if you go back to roles and subscription. Nope, stay right where you are. Okay, let's see your subscription. I just kind of want to navigate through. If you exit out of this. I kind of want to navigate through or under where it says your practice underneath that. Where it says, yep, your subscription. Let's just kind of click these and see what kind of information comes up.
Richard Wright: I didn't get much. I'll just shows me the invoice, but it doesn't show me the, just gives me like, I hit this one. And this shows invoices from like last year.
Emily Kaiser: Yeah, 2025. Okay.
Richard Wright: I don't know, you know, and when I do click an invoice, let's pick one that's paid here. Okay. The invoice. It doesn't give me the providers. It just gives me, let me see if I can find another one. See, it doesn't give me who the, who the providers are. I'm getting billed for. Okay. I want to provide a list of every month I paid for that particular provider so I can recoup the money from them. If not, then I'll cancel them. But I want to give an opportunity.
Emily Kaiser: But if I go back to my providers.
Richard Wright: Let me go to my provider clinicians. I've got. First of all, I've got. This one's working me, this one's working me. This guy's not working for me. She's not working for me. She's not working for me.
Emily Kaiser: Okay.
Richard Wright: She's not working for me. And then Thompson never started me, but she's got two profiles. I'm being billed for two, two active accounts on her. Okay. She's not, she was just looking at the software and she. Picked everything here. We never even started with her. I was just showing her the software and she somehow registered and somehow got billed for.
Emily Kaiser: Oh, wow. Okay. I'm just taking down a note here. Because I'm going to see how we can clean this up for you. I want to see exactly how we can give you more information on how many months you've been paying for Kyle or any of the other ones that you just
Richard Wright: let me give you the names again. If I can just get this, even if we have to do a pencil without programming, just so I can send them on a letter, tell them they owe me this much. They'd be glad to pay and I'll be glad to, you know, extend the discount to them that we had, which is 130 to keep them on board for you guys, but they need to pay for it. And if not, when I deactivate them, do it, just shut them down that day. Yes. Okay. Then I'm going to threaten them by, you know, that you don't lose all this programming if you don't pay, which shouldn't be a lot, but I want to get my money back. Right. So I've got. Kyle. Margaret Hall. Evelyn, Nungara.
Emily Kaiser: One second. Can you go back to that last one? Morgan.
Richard Wright: It's, it's, it's. Pal, Whitaker. Magenta Hall. Then Chichi Unga is C H I N Y E R E. She goes by Chi Chi U G W a N Y I.
Emily Kaiser: Okay.
Richard Wright: The reason you get all these strange African names, we had a lot of folks from Nigeria, some of the best educating, best nursing schools in the world are in Nigeria. And all the Christians are leaving Nigeria because of all the hostilities towards Christians. So we got a whole bunch of great Nigerian nurses in. They're really good. Okay. And I've got doctor. Kathlyn Thompson. And we never, I don't know if she's ever launched a practice, but she's listed twice.
Emily Kaiser: Okay.
Richard Wright: And our, and I got an email back from. I don't know if it was from Nate or it was from Chris. I'll send it to you that we're supposed to adjust. A rate 130 a person, not 150. And there were some credit through going in. But I just need to be able to get a hold of those folks. That's a housekeeping issue. So.
Emily Kaiser: Are you there, Richard?
Richard Wright: Okay, now what I want to do is I want to be able to, if you can show, tell me, how do I get into.
Emily Kaiser: Richard, can you hear me okay?
Richard Wright: Yeah.
Emily Kaiser: Okay. Sorry. We're breaking up a little bit. I'm not sure. Hello. Can you hear me?
Richard Wright: Okay. Hello.
Emily Kaiser: Give me one second. Let me try to plug this in and see if this helps.
Richard Wright: You.
Emily Kaiser: Okay. Is that better?
Emily Kaiser: Okay. I think we're in the clear. Let's try this again.
Emily Kaiser: All right, let me go back where we left off is or where. Where I last heard you is that we're going to get invoices just to understand exactly who you've been paying for and how long.
Richard Wright: Yeah. That way I can adjust it. But I, I like to know, how do I, how do I read to see who actually is active and what, you know, when there's an invoice, I'd like to see which the providers are on the invoice when we get it, not just a total. I have no idea what that. Okay.
Emily Kaiser: Okay.
Richard Wright: All right, let me go back to my. Screen. I'm trying to figure out where that is. Okay. So. Trying to get this.
Emily Kaiser: So actually that Google meet. There you go. You can do that, but you can exit out of that little screen and we're, we'll still be on the meeting.
Richard Wright: Okay, let me get rid of that thing. Okay. Meeting share screen stop hide. Okay. Hi. All right, so now. How do I get to David. S screen? I want to see his templates. Since they've already been accepted by the client. So if I'm trying to find David Rossi. Screens or templates, how do I get to that?
Emily Kaiser: So you should be able to go to, let's see, practice settings. Where you are currently.
Richard Wright: Okay, I'm here. All right. Go where?
Emily Kaiser: So under where it says, where it says clinicians, your subscription data security at the top there. A little bit lower.
Emily Kaiser: Which under which heading under where it says your practice. Okay. Keep going. Like you're already. Yes. Okay. Organization templates. So here able to create the organization templates.
Richard Wright: I want to see the existing one.
Emily Kaiser: Right, right. So I'm wondering if David has to send you.
Richard Wright: This. Well, can you send me his? Because I, he's been trying to send. He's not very computer savvy, and I get these horrible links and there's nothing that's on. Okay.
Emily Kaiser: Let's try to figure out if we can see it. Directly from your site, but if not, I do believe, like, I don't personally have access to enter a clinician's profile just for HIPAA. I, I can't see anything like that. So if you could go to, let's go back to clinicians. Okay, now let's find David. Right here.
Richard Wright: Okay.
Emily Kaiser: If you click that down arrow, what information comes up? Okay. So. Okay, so now let's go. Let's try a different way. Go to documentation at the top. And go to note templates. Okay. I wondered if your clinician's templates kind of pre populated here, but it doesn't look like it. Go to organization templates at the bottom. Left. So here is where you can upload that template that you're trying to get from David once you have it. Now, what does. How could I help David get this template to you? I don't know.
Richard Wright: I mean, I assume he's probably using these generic templates. Okay. Didn't build a thing. So these are the journey. Let me ask you. So if these are the generic templates that he's been using, I can show him these over my system. Once I create these templates and I give them out to my practice, can I create the templates and give them a name?
Richard Wright: Because these providers could be working for several different practices with different templates.
Richard Wright: So they do a couple of my template. That template would be only as it relates to a particular client that we're serving.
Emily Kaiser: Yes, correct.
Richard Wright: So do I create that in a template library? I can create.
Emily Kaiser: So you can, you can, if you go under create new, you'll see upload template start from scratch browser.
Richard Wright: You said create new. Where do you see that?
Emily Kaiser: If you move your mouse to the left under where it says your templates and before it says upload template.
Richard Wright: Okay, I'm looking for your template. I can't see that right now. What are you talking up here? Your template.
Emily Kaiser: Your templates.
Richard Wright: Okay.
Emily Kaiser: And then below in the next section, you'll see create new. So under here you have the options of uploading a template starting from scratch, browsing our library. You're currently in our library. Yeah. So that's what you're seeing a template library or organization templates. If you want to upload one, if David is using a template that you want to make an organization template, this is where you would. Upload that. You would click create org template.
Richard Wright: I get it. But here he, I would just drop and drag for the template. Yeah. I need to give him. Is there a way that you can reach him and help him get me the PDF files or verify he's just using these standard intake templates?
Emily Kaiser: Yeah. I mean, one thing that we could do is do want to try to loop him into the call right now and see if we can gather some information.
Richard Wright: Now he's in clinic. Let me talk to him about the, the, the template. See if I can get him on the phone. Okay. It's going to be kind of like. He's one of the few folks I ever want to talk about computers with. He gets so, he gets so, I don't know why he's a therapist. He gets so excited and gets so, you know, he's not a calm person. Okay.
Emily Kaiser: You know. I would try to figure out what template he's using on a day-to-day basis. And if it's just a standard template, then you can upload that. You can rename it, you can edit it. So if you go into psychiatric templates or psychiatric intake where you are now, you'll see that you can those X's next to each section you can customize this however you want, and then you can go ahead and rename it. And then there, from there, once you have edited the way you want to, we can upload to your organization templates.
Richard Wright: So once I do it here, how do I move it to upload work? How do I move them from here to upload template? This template and I create something from it and I save it. Does it, where does it save to?
Emily Kaiser: It will send to jot psych, but I do believe once you save it. So if you go to browse library. I believe you have the option to like click into any of those. Any of those templates.
Richard Wright: Okay. I'm clicking it.
Emily Kaiser: I don't know what it's supposed to do.
Richard Wright: Oh, these are already in. These are already on the list.
Emily Kaiser: Okay, so try clicking any of them. Do any of them that you preview?
Richard Wright: Hold on. And pertinently see integrate medication. Let me find one data actually use.
Emily Kaiser: Okay. Once you have the template, I do believe there's a way to download it. So you, you're saving the template as a PDF to your computer. And it goes to your files, your computer files. And that is where you upload template and you drag
Richard Wright: the dust say to tempo to my computer.
Emily Kaiser: There's a way to do it. Yes. Once we open up a template.
Richard Wright: Okay. So if I open up this template. And I want to just save it.
Emily Kaiser: Let me open up John think on my end so I can kind of help trouble saved right here.
Richard Wright: Okay, so this is it. I guess.
Emily Kaiser: Okay, so at the top there where you see those sparkles top right. Okay, hold on. See those right here? Yes. Okay. So what's the next one if you hover over that duplicate template? And then what's the next one? Okay, so duplicating template. Go ahead and click that.
Richard Wright: Okay. What can we do to copy? I don't know where to copy.
Emily Kaiser: It just basically copied psychiatric intake. If you roll over to your templates on this same page and then scroll down, it just added another one. So that wasn't super helpful. Let me, let me go and drop, like on my end. Okay. So documentation. Note templates.
Richard Wright: Let me tell you what I need your help with. I need to be able to give a client a template and let them review it. And then be able to upload it and put it in the system for everybody. They've already approved David's templates. And so I don't want to reinvent the wheel. So I can get David's templates even to the extent he confirms it. It's the generic templates you've already got in here, which I can't imagine he's going to do therapies doing these two intake and progress note. And then I'm sure there's one to do. You know, A.
Richard Wright: I guess I've all gotten. I don't know what else he would use.
Emily Kaiser: So you want to understand how to send it directly to a patient and then have it back in the system?
Richard Wright: No, no, no, not a patient. The client is our customer, not the patient. So the company that we're providing services to, it's, let's say Sullivan County is a mental health facility providing services to. They're the ones that have approved the templates for their, their, their operational structure. So we see patients, they want the same format. For their records. Not for the patients. This is for their client to approve that this is all the stuff they want us to capture.
Emily Kaiser: Okay. So we need to figure out how to get the template from Jot psych to your computer personally
Richard Wright: is what I should be able to put out a standard template. Let's show what it means. Be able to print it or put it in a PDF, send it to them and ask them for the edit so I can come back in the system, edit it and adopt it as a template. If not, then we got train them how to do their own. It's not going to work.
Emily Kaiser: Okay. I just asked that question internally. I'm going to see if I can get an answer for you on, because it's, it's everything's pointing to that same direction of how we download the template off of jot seg and put it onto your computer. So I just asked that. Let's wait to see if we get an answer.
Richard Wright: I've got a hard break at the top of the hour. Okay. Right here. How do I delete this one? I don't, I mean, I don't know what the purpose is.
Emily Kaiser: So if you right click it.
Richard Wright: Just delete from there, but there's not.
Emily Kaiser: Yeah, nope, that didn't do it. So see that pin.
Richard Wright: That's going to pin it to.
Emily Kaiser: The and then go ahead and unpin it. Now I believe now all the rest of them are pinned. So I believe once you refresh your screen, it should be away from that list.
Emily Kaiser: Nope, still there. Okay, let me see here.
Richard Wright: You basically know what I'm looking for. That's all I really, let's stay focused on those couple of items. If you can go through that list and find out, you know, how do I get a print out of each of those providers so I can send them a letter tomorrow either. You know, from turn you off by the end of the day. And then how do I generate templates that I can pass out to my customers, let them make the edits and then load those into the system for all my providers provide the services to?
Emily Kaiser: Yes. Yep.
Richard Wright: And I have other client providers that are on jot site that I'm not paying because they, I've already put them on. They paid for themselves. I'm not going to volunteer that. But I want to give them the templates to upload to their system to use on the client.
Emily Kaiser: Okay. So really quickly, I do want to show you before we end here, I want to show you just if you click start where if you go back to that screen, actually.
Richard Wright: Okay. I thought you were going to think. I logged out.
Emily Kaiser: Here. I might be able to share my screen here. Give me one second.
Richard Wright: I'm back in. Where'd you want me to go?
Emily Kaiser: Oh, oops. Okay, let me stop sharing. Okay, so what you're seeing. On your screen. There we go.
Richard Wright: I just logged back in.
Richard Wright: Where do you want me to go?
Emily Kaiser: So go to documentation and go to templates again. And then go to start from scratch. Or you're at the template builder right now. So start your template.
Richard Wright: Yeah.
Emily Kaiser: Just go ahead and click back for me.
Richard Wright: I did.
Emily Kaiser: I'm in. No, go ahead and click back. Like, go to the last screen you were at at the top.
Richard Wright: Okay, say that again. Click what?
Emily Kaiser: Click back the back arrow.
Richard Wright: Oh, back.
Emily Kaiser: Okay, now go documentation and templates.
Richard Wright: Note templates?
Emily Kaiser: Yes. Okay, so see where it says start with your template. You're at the template builder.
Richard Wright: Start with your template.
Emily Kaiser: Go ahead and click that for me.
Richard Wright: I just want you to find start your template. Where's that at? Yep.
Emily Kaiser: Okay. Okay. So here is how you upload or how you paste text. So if you want to give it, if you scroll down a little bit.
Richard Wright: It won't go any further down.
Emily Kaiser: Okay, so go back a little bit. This is how you upload a template.
Richard Wright: Got that.
Emily Kaiser: Okay. And then if you start from scratch where you just were.
Richard Wright: I click that. Okay, so there's text or the PDF. I got that.
Emily Kaiser: Yeah. So actually, if you go back.
Richard Wright: Okay. Will you say, okay, go.
Emily Kaiser: Perfect right there. Now go to where under create new where it says upload template and underneath that you'll see start from scratch. Okay. On the left hand side of your screen, left bottomish.
Richard Wright: Okay. It just says. Browser library upload template on the bottom.
Emily Kaiser: So keep going to the left of your screen. Okay. From scratch.
Richard Wright: Okay, I saw that.
Emily Kaiser: Okay. Click that. Now this is how you name your template. And then every time you click add section is how you add sections for what your notes are trying to capture.
Richard Wright: I get that. So let's start from scratch. But typically I probably grab one of yours and modify it.
Emily Kaiser: Right. Okay. So I just wanted to make sure that if you can, if it came down to it, if you, if David was creating his own templates, I doubt it.
Richard Wright: Not David.
Emily Kaiser: Okay. Some answers here. I'm trying to figure out because I, I'm hearing back that we can't take a template off of Jot psych. We can't download it as a PDF, but we can do assigned note.
Richard Wright: So I'm trying to figure out how to go. I'm going to be able to communicate with the client of what they want in us to capture if we can't give it to them to look at.
Emily Kaiser: Right. Well, I'm wondering if you go to forms. I'm wondering if. Any of this, because there's a way to create new form. So if you go to documentation at the top. And then go to forms. Forms library at the top right. Now, you can build new forms, but this probably isn't.
Emily Kaiser: This ain't working for me. Yeah, this isn't what we're looking for.
Richard Wright: I've got to roll off and got two minutes to prep. I just need someone to get back to me. So look, I just need an accounting so I can go back and clean up the mass. Two, if I'm going to use this application move forward with all my clients, I need to be able to create templates for a client, hand them the templates and say, here's where we're starting at. What do you need?
Richard Wright: Let them adjust it. And I can come back and edit the system and put it in front of it. If I can't do that, I don't know how well this is going to work for me.
Emily Kaiser: Okay, so let me get you some information and we'll circle back around.
Richard Wright: I appreciate it. Let me know at the end of the day, if you could, we're trying to get these providers started this week.
Emily Kaiser: Okay, sounds good.
Richard Wright: Thank you. Thank you. You're sweetheart. Bye.