talbreshiasmiley: Can you hear me?
Becca Bressler: Hey. There. I can hear you.
talbreshiasmiley: Okay, I'm sorry.
Becca Bressler: No problem at all. I'm sure you're so busy. I just figured I would give you a little ping.
talbreshiasmiley: Okay, let me turn up the volume so I can hear you better. Okay, I apologize for my parents. It's spring break.
Becca Bressler: And I was about to get out the door.
talbreshiasmiley: And I forgot. So I'm sorry.
Becca Bressler: Oh my God. Well, I don't want to take up too much time on your break. So I guess I'll just start with this. Which is, you know, I'm reaching out to you for a couple different things. And one of the features we're wanting you to test will turn on your account next week. And you and I already set up a call for that, so that's great. Regarding our telehealth platform, before we like get you set up, I actually want to make sure it would even work in your workflow, which is part of the research we're doing. So. In order to use jots as it currently stands in its first form, in order to use JotSych, you have to schedule your appointments in Job Psych because the room is attached to the appointment. So like every time you schedule an appointment, it creates a telehealth room. It's not like a sustaining link that's associated with you.
Becca Bressler: That like just hold on to it. Is that something that would even work in your workflow or know based on like, where do you currently keep your schedule and, and maintain it?
talbreshiasmiley: Right now? I use growth therapy and I use Alma. So I have the patients in there, but grow, they prefer you to use their telehealth. But I do have Alma patients that I can use my own. So I could place them there, my alma patients. And the job site.
Becca Bressler: What are you think about that though as far as. Like, I know one of the pain points for clinicians who are using multiple systems is calendar. What do you think about doing that though as a part of like the friction? I mean part of what we could test, Albericia, is like you do it and then you just tell me like, yeah, that was way too annoying. The benefits do not outweigh the cost of this. Because I think that is one of the things we're trying to test. Like is this even viable for our users or do we need to, you know, make sure they get a link that they can attach elsewhere?
Becca Bressler: So does that you'd be willing to try?
talbreshiasmiley: Yes, I'd be willing to try it. But like you said, I think just having the link that we could just share with the patients because like for instance, my Alma patients next do we want to use their platform for telehealth or do we want to attach an external link so we could do that.
Becca Bressler: Okay, got it. Well, so with that in mind, do you think it's not worth it for you to try like let me just kind of show you what I mean. I can make this super. All right, let me. Share. My screen. Okay. So the way that this works with telehealth basically is you create appointments that are telehealth appointments, which means, you know, creating a virtual session. The key thing about it is every time you do that, it creates a room that opens up 15 minutes before the start time. But closes 30 minutes after the end. Right. So if this is like set as a 45 minute appointment, you would have this from 2 to 330 basically. So it being reliably when your schedule is, is helpful. Now, as far as like getting the link to your patients. There's a couple ways to do this. One is setting up reminders. So actually I think the best way to do it is create like a virtual appointment type. So if I said like virtual follow up, I would make this like. Progress note. Maybe I would, you know, use the virtual room, etc. And I would have default reminders for the patient. So I'd be like, okay, I'm going to do like one day before and then I'm going to do like two hours before. And the reminder text will have a link to the telehealth room. So what that would mean is like, okay, I'm scheduling a patient. I'm, you know, using virtual follow up. So it's automatically a telehealth. I'm going to save it. And what happens then is like you're, you know, patient would get a link in their follow up. And then for you when it's time to go to the. When it's time to go to the session, you're in here. And so what that allows you to do is like you can send the invite to the patient from here if like, you know, they're texting you and they're like, I can't find it. Blah, blah, blah. Copy it or whatever. But then what it also means is that you start. The call and the recording at the exact same time. And like here, I'm going to send myself this really quickly and you can kind of see what on earth. Oh, that's why. I should have saved the phone number, but I did. So right. So then like I will get a text message about this. Oh, interesting. It didn't save, which is fine. Actually, I don't want it to because it's my phone number, but okay. So like I'm logging in on my phone, I got my own text message. I'm going to like request to join. I, you can see on my screen that I requested. And then I'm here. So anyways, that's like the workflow. Giving how you work though is that. Something you'd be willing to try is that like, no, that's way too much work. I would just. Yeah, I'm just curious what you think.
talbreshiasmiley: I would be willing to try it because I am multi-state license and I'm going to start having an influx of those patients right now have like almost 200 Georgia patients. But I'm trying to figure out a way that I would separate my, you know, on a different space. So I'll be interested in.
Becca Bressler: It. Okay, great. So I'm going to put this on your account. Right now and you should like confirm for me that it works. So hold on one second. Let me just make sure. I haven't done it yet.
talbreshiasmiley: So.
Becca Bressler: The most ideal thing for us is that if you can try using it for a week with like. All your patients. It's best for us to test the how it fits into your workflow. So like the best way is to do it a lot, right?
talbreshiasmiley: Not just say, hey appointments.
Becca Bressler: And it was, you know, pretty good. But like, hey, I actually tried this for multiple days and I had two issues and those issues were actually kind of deal breakers.
talbreshiasmiley: You know.
Becca Bressler: So, so that's why it'd be really helpful for us if you like used it for kind of a lot of your sessions for the next week. Oh, I might have already added you. No, I. Didn't use your tiny. Oh, there we go. Okay, so we're going to give this like 30 seconds and then you can refresh your jot psych and tell me if when you set up a telehealth appointment, you see the telehealth appointment.
talbreshiasmiley: Okay. I'm going to do it now. For my test patient I just created, which is me. Yeah, sure.
Becca Bressler: And then I'm actually going to extend if you're able our call next Friday so that we can talk about this. As well as the other feature we're going to put in your account.
talbreshiasmiley: Okay. Okay. So I did add telehealth and I see the little camera. So. I hit start recording. And then. What else?
Becca Bressler: No, yeah. So your setup then you just would want to start creating the appointments, getting the appointment reminders in there so that your patients have the link.
talbreshiasmiley: Okay.
Becca Bressler: Or if you prefer to send to them like right at the session time, you can do it from the recorder page.
Becca Bressler: But that's what you're, you're set up with everything I just showed you.
talbreshiasmiley: Okay.
Becca Bressler: Awesome. Okay, that's it basically. So yeah, if you don't, if you would help us out and start using that next week in like a, you know, relatively high volume and then we'll check in Friday. And then sometime early next week, you'll also see something new on your account. And your patience page. And I'm not going to tell you too much about it because also the question is like, what do you think? Are you intrigued, et cetera? So I don't want to kind of prime you too much there. I really appreciate you helping us out with this. This is awesome.
talbreshiasmiley: Okay, you're welcome. And then our appointment time next week is what time now?
Becca Bressler: Yeah.
talbreshiasmiley: So I moved it from 2:45.
Becca Bressler: Does that work for you if I extend it a bit?
talbreshiasmiley: Okay, yes, that's fine.
Becca Bressler: Okay, great. We can try wrapping it up quicker, but it's just good to kind of have the time blocked off if you can.
talbreshiasmiley: Okay. All right.
Becca Bressler: Thank you. Great rest of your swing bank.
talbreshiasmiley: You too.
Becca Bressler: Bye bye.