Nathan Peereboom: Hey, John. How are you?
Jonathan: Good. Good morning. Or not good morning.
Nathan Peereboom: Oh, man. Hey. I'm so sorry to hear about your last week. It sounds like it's been a pretty rough time.
Jonathan: Yes, it's a year. So how. I know. I don't want to waste too much of your time here, but. But how this all happened while I'm on my own in my own practice is a year. In April, my mother was in a car accident. She's fine, but my aunt who was visiting from Australia was paralyzed in the accident. So I had asked to. To travel back just a couple weeks and, and spend some time there to help out and then also to eliminate what my parents need to travel elsewhere. So they would they. Because they're taking care of an 81 year old newly paraplegic.
Nathan Peereboom: They were in the car together.
Jonathan: Yeah. So in Genesis was the car they were driving. My mom's car was fine. They were hit. So a deer had run across the highway. Car hit the deer. The deer was still alive walking in the, in the highway. And so the cops were there trying to direct traffic. So my mother's car slowing down and the car behind her just 70 miles an hour. So my mother comes out of it with a twisted ankle and my aunt, apparently her seat exploded and the headrest severed her spine. And yeah, they're suing Hyundai. They got. They hired the cockpit designer for the F35 to look at the seat and they found the catastrophic flaws in the seat design.
Nathan Peereboom: Wow.
Jonathan: So.
Nathan Peereboom: Oh my gosh. That's horrible. I'm so sorry. Oh my gosh. And then, and then you had a friend who, who was in a car, so he was.
Jonathan: He. Some car was switching lanes apparently on the 8 in California and hit him and he basically. I don't know how it happened. He hit an embankment or pole or something. Basically shattered his vertebrae. He's got four broken ribs, pelvis split front and back. Forget us. What else was happening with them? But. Yeah, yeah, like unbelievable.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, that's horrible. My gosh. Well, I. I'm so sorry about that and like, I just hope that everyone in your. In your world is. Gets as healthy as possible as soon as possible.
Jonathan: He's not. He'll walk again, apparently.
Jonathan: I know this is not what we're here for, but she said if she could use her arm, she wouldn't appear anymore. 81 years old. That changed your life.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah.
Jonathan: Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: Oh, my gosh. Well, it. I guess. Should we. Should we talk about the bizarre world of building right now?
Jonathan: Absolutely. Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay. Hey, John, why don't you start out by just giving me a little update? I know you've been sort of working with Adam. Here's what I know here. I don't know very much because you've been working with Adam. What I do know is that there's a barrier in terms of you getting credentialed.
Jonathan: Yes.
Nathan Peereboom: That you need to be credentialed in order for us to process these bills. Is that right?
Jonathan: That. Yes. So. So, yes, I'm not happy with the company. I. I went with a company called Trizetto, which is a division of Optum, for the credentialing. I. If I could. I'm too deep into it right now to switch out, but I absolutely would leave them in a second.
Nathan Peereboom: Are there any. Are there any groups that you want to be credentialed with that are not kind of in process with Trisetto?
Jonathan: If. So, if I get credit. So I have some Blue Cross patients that have, like, Blue Cross of Illinois or Blue Cross at Texas. I don't know yet. If I. So if I get approved for Blue Cross or Idaho, do they follow in with that credentialing?
Nathan Peereboom: I don't think so. I think that they're all basically federated companies. My understanding is that they're all different companies and that you have a contract just with the particular subdivision of that or the franchise of Blue Cross Blue Shield inside of that federation. So I.
Nathan Peereboom: I guess the question is do like. Because, I mean, I think for us, we're like, if you're. If we can't. If we can't submit billing because you're not credentialed, we just want to fix the credentialing problem for you.
Jonathan: Gotcha.
Nathan Peereboom: What are you not liking about Trisetto? What's the thing that's been frustrating communication?
Jonathan: At the very minimum, communication.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay.
Jonathan: I specifically, when I signed up for them, had asked to be in communication weekly, and they said, yeah, no problem. Absolutely. And for the first, probably three or four weeks, we did that, and it is absolutely dropped off. I haven't spoken to them now in three weeks. My emails are going unanswered. Literally, the extension numbers that they have on their emails, when you call them in, when you call them and dial the extension numbers, they said the extension number is invalid.
Nathan Peereboom: When. When did you start this? Like a month ago, November 16th. Oh, so do you know where things are? Like, do you know if it's like things are progressing, so.
Jonathan: So, yes. And I'm trying to pull up. Let's share this here with you. So. So this. Actually, no, that's not the one. To answer your other question, Primera Blue Cross. I've noticed that I have several patients with. With that, and I have not used Trizetto to. To go with that.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah.
Jonathan: Company. I didn't know that they would necessarily be separate, and I've since pulled a bunch of people's card and. And they have this Primera.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. Well, I mean, how would you feel about. Oh, sorry. Go on, Go on.
Jonathan: Okay. The. This is the one. I think if. If we could do one company through you guys to see how we can do it, this would be the one. And then this is something that I've just gotten last night. So I don't fully. I don't know, because I'm not hearing anything from Trizetto. But. But this is my clearing. Out of the way. Star Clearinghouse.
Nathan Peereboom: We can't see or. I can't see Waystar right now.
Nathan Peereboom: I'm still looking at advanced md.
Jonathan: Let me just do. Okay. Is this. Are you seeing this way? Star Account Clearinghouse, huh?
Nathan Peereboom: Yep.
Jonathan: So this has just come to me in the last. Last night, basically, or the last couple nights. So it looks like I'm good to go with Medicaid now.
Nathan Peereboom: I just. Awesome. Wait, let me touch base with Adam. Is that what we were trying to build for you?
Jonathan: We. So there would. I definitely have a bunch of Medicaid. And as of yesterday, I was not seeing this part here where it says, pending first remit file, expected Approval date is 41 26. That showed up when I first got approved for Cigna. I've submitted one claim to cigna, so that's why that's gone. But I think I'm good to go for Medicaid now.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, great. Let me touch base with Adam and see are we starting to Bill going for Medicaid. Looks like his approval just came through for credentialing. Okay, cool. So I'm gonna. I just got a little chat window open with him. Let me see if that's rock and rolling. Okay. So, hey, so, John, walk me through. Who are the insurers that you're currently going through credentialing with with Trizono, So Blue Cross, Blue Shields. Okay.
Jonathan: And Regents, I think is like the kind of overseer of those two different programs in Idaho. Aetna, cigna. Cigna is the one I do have. Let's see. Medicare, Medicaid, and hopefully Medicaid is done. Magellan Behavioral Health is a. I don't know. They handle a lot of the claims for Idaho Medicaid, but they are technically a separate company, so Magellan will be up there. Pacific Source, I don't think log into. The Trizetto website also has a list, but I think it might be my other computer that I've been logging into that. So I don't know that I. It's not a post. Yeah, I'm not. Okay. I'll have to look up this. I'll try to get this. This going here as we're talking. This has all my list.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, great. That makes sense. Okay, cool. So Primera. Is there anything else besides Primera that you want credentialing help with?
Jonathan: I mean, I. This is the one. I don't think I've submitted to them at all. I've just been noticing as I've been running the. The insurance cards into my system, that I've got quite a few of these, and this is the first time seeing Primera.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, cool. So I would love for us to take Primera off your. Off your plate, just so you don't have, like, when you're done with Trizado, you can be done with it. Do you want us to do that? Do you want us to take that on and just, you know, just tackle it for you? You know how communicative we are. Super available. Is that something that you'd be open to?
Jonathan: Yes. I mean, so one of the last. I think with what Adam was saying is that you guys weren't necessarily doing much in the credentialing space yet,
Nathan Peereboom: so you would be one of our first clinicians in the credentialing space. But what we figured out is that we work so much with. With payers at this point that we kind of like, have. We know our way around a payer, and. And so it just makes sense for us to do this because ultimately it's a very similar sort of skill set in terms of document management, you know, interfacing with the payer and the clearinghouses, getting enrollment set up, getting ERA set up, getting the EFT set up. So it's. It's something that we already are doing. And so, yeah, we would love to. We'd love to take this one off your plate. I think it's the right next step as we wait for your other credentialing to come through. And it keeps us, like, moving the ball down the field.
Jonathan: Yeah. I mean, if this, you know, is going to help. I would assume this is, this would help you guys as well. I'm totally open to taking, letting you guys kind of handle the Primera thing and then yeah, seeing how that goes. I still, I don't know if it was you or Adam that I was talking about. I'm still planning on opening up a second office in, in New Hampshire area, maybe Boston, New Hampshire. And then my sister in law in New Jersey has 30 to 40 clients as a therapist that need medication management. So if I do that, I've got two other states that I would need to be credentialed. I am not going with these guys yet.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, okay. Yeah, well, let's do this. Let's do Premier. Just so you know, it's, it's just like for Premier, it'll be like $350 the dollars just to like set up your like data situation and then $300 to actually like, like do all the back and forth with them. So. So I think that what's nice is that that would give you a taste of what it's like to work with us for credentialing and then you know, once you have that information, do you want to do New Hampshire or other states with us? Great. But it's a nice way to get a taste. I also just want to understand. So you're singularly credentialed right now with Medicaid. That's right.
Jonathan: CIGNA as well.
Nathan Peereboom: CIGNA as well. Okay. So do you want us to start going through your Sigma, Cigna and Medicaid claims? Because I think that, I think that we're game to do that. Is that what you want, is that's what you, you want us to do, right?
Jonathan: Yeah. So. So the one. Let's see if I can get in. So I did submit the one patient that I had, that was a signal patient. Everything was good to go. So this is, this is where they've landed now. So this is the, within the claim center for the, for the software claim submission is when they're about to go through. And then these came back as unbilled because I didn't have, I don't have their insurance. I'm not credentialed yet with these, with these two guys insurance. So these are just sitting there. But now this has come back because I, I don't know how. I never use 90832. Never why I haven't been here. I don't understand. 90833 absolutely should be the code. So it got kicked back because 0832 is not compatible with a 99213. They're expecting a 90833 code with the 99213, so they didn't pay it.
Nathan Peereboom: Gotcha. Okay, cool. So I know that when we talked initially, you wanted to see how much you liked advanced MDs, like AI billing solution. Are you in your mind? I mean, I see that you're doing billing in Advanced MD here. Do you want to do your billing in Advanced MD, or do you want us to? Do your billing for you.
Jonathan: Well, so if I, if I can do it. And, and the, the claim initially went through fine. It just got kicked back because I, this is my error. Should be 90833. So this actually wasn't that bad of an experience, but it's my only one. And, and this was a fairly easy claim. So I, I definitely want to get into the weeds here, more with it in terms of like actually using it. See, is this actually. Where are all the problems? How difficult is this going to be if I run this myself?
Jonathan: Yeah, right now, I don't know. I've run one and it's, it's a known problem, but it would have been easy. Other than that, you know, I don't know that I'm ready to, to go through like, you know, what are all the, I haven't gone through, like, what are the errors on this one? But yeah, I mean, if this is going to be a problem, then I'd rather have someone else handle it.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, I mean, our experience is that, you know, again, if you think about the macro picture, insurance companies are getting super, super sophisticated at reviewing and denying claims. Right. They have the same AI tools that we do. And so you might get lulled into a sense of security just by this. I mean, anyone can press the button submit claim. That's like not hard. What is hard is having someone who's managing the connective tissue between what's in your payer contract, what's in the note, what's in the claim and what actually gets paid that like those four different domains need to all be in coherence and if any of them get out of order, you know, you get clawbacks. So I, I think my guess is that if you start using Advanced md, you know, you'll be able to click Submit claim because, you know, it's a software, it's got buttons. But, but the question for you is like, where do you want to spend your brain space? You know, what are you good at? As John like, if you're thinking like, hey, I want to expand my clinics, I want to have more locations, I want to work with, you know, I want to be on the ground working with clinicians. This is going, you will get mired in this. Like you will, I mean, you probably know that, but it's going to be just a huge amount of work. But what we, we don't want to take something from you that you want to do by, you know, yourself though. So if you're saying, hey, I just want to run my billing, that's like, totally fine. But I think my understanding was that when you signed the MSA with us, you were asking us to do this for you. And so I just want to be. I don't want to overstep. I don't want to touch. You know, I don't want to step on your toes. I don't want to get in the way for you. So, you know, I would just say, like, what? How can I help? Kind of. How. How can I help you, like, come to a decision here so that you can kind of focus on whatever parts of the business you want?
Jonathan: Well, the first thing is, is knowing. I mean, like you said, I can hit buttons, but. But if all these are coming back with errors and. Needing to resubmit, then what is the actual benefit of the software?
Jonathan: Yeah, so I mean, until I kind of get a feeling of what, how often that's going to be, like, I don't know, I'm not necessarily concerned necessarily. You know, cost is a factor, you know, and right now this is basically, this is the lowest cost option for me to do my own billing. And you know, there's an appeal obviously to not giving away certain percentages of your revenue and that, I mean, I think right now that's probably my biggest hurdle or I guess the, the price point is probably my biggest question as to, you know, if this is going to be 3, 4 or 5% or, or even more, is that worth it for, for, you know, to give up basically for, for the peace of mind.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, so why don't we do this? Let's, let's hit pause on the billing because it sounds like you just need to like, do, you know, you have to go through your process and like, find out what that's worth to you. Why don't we just do the credentialing for now? And I guess one question I have. So there's premier. Do you want us to just do the, the east coast credentialing too? Just because it takes some time to get started. Do you want us to do it all in one fell swoop?
Jonathan: Well, so, yeah, I mean that I got to start the application and I do have that somewhat started, but licensing and stuff like that, I'd have to start getting that submitted. I'm waiting basically to hear back from a collaborating physician if I want to do so. New Jersey is a restrictive state for nurse practitioners, so I would need a collaborating position there. And so I'm waiting to hear back from two people that I've reached out to. Until I hear back from them and what their parameters are going to be, you know, if they're going to be over my shoulder here, then I'm, it's not worth it. But if they're just going to kind of sign off on things, then yeah, I'll sign up and get going with that.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay.
Jonathan: That said though, and I'm not happy with Trizetto, I, I'll lead with that. But with their char charging me $175 per credential.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay. Yeah, I mean, I think that we, Yeah, I mean, I think that if that $125 difference is important, then like, totally, you should stick with Trizado. I mean, we have, we've built this entire system for like fast follow ups with the payers and like condensing the time between when you submit the application and when you actually get credentialed. And it is a thing of vigilance. It like is the kind of thing that like depends on how many times you pick up the phone, how many times you send an email, like how well written the doc, like, you know, the documents are that you like get to them. So in our view, what you're paying for is like the most excellent. Excellent version of that service. But I think that if, you know, that's. That's a decision that's like totally, like totally in your hands.
Jonathan: Yeah. I mean again, you know, I'd have been happy to pay that at the right. If I could have been prudential. I'd been getting paid. I went after right now written off 30 plus thousand dollars in January.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, yeah, exactly. It's like seven to nine thousand dollars is the average money that you lose for every month that you're not credentialed.
Jonathan: Yeah, so. So yeah, I mean, in that, in that regard, absolutely. I would do that in a second right now though, you know, if I, if there was a way that I don't know what work they've been doing. There is and I, for whatever reason, I can't pull up the pulse portal here. But they have there, you know, there is some tracking as to when they had the last contact and there are definitely payers in there that it's been three weeks, four weeks since they've had any contact with them.
Jonathan: Yeah, yeah, yeah. If I can go back to November, everything, this would be the one decision I'd make differently.
Nathan Peereboom: All right, great. Well, let's do this. I'm going to just look at. Does Adam have all your documents already?
Jonathan: So I gave them full permission in terms of like the administrative stuff and we went over it. I shared the screen. We literally selected the things like, all right, this should work. And for some reason he's having trouble exporting the documents. Yeah. From advance and he has the same permission as me. I don't, I don't know. I don't know where else I can, you know, how to change that. Alternatively though, what I was thinking is why don't we just use the notes from. From JOT site for that same visit. I mean there jots, like actually I don't use all of the individual. I don't know what. So like the HPI chief complaint. Right. All of the different options of Windows, I don't use all of them. Um, so Jot Psych's note is probably actually has more information than mine does.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. I mean we might have spoken about this, but are you considering using Jotsych as your ehr. Are you considering just like getting rid of Advanced md?
Jonathan: I mean that's, that's ultimately going to be the question. Yes.
Nathan Peereboom: So like right now though, like, why wouldn't you do that? What's. And I don't mean it antagonistically. I'm actually just curious like what, what holds you in Advanced MD right now.
Jonathan: Advanced again. I don't know what the hold up is here. The AI was supposed to be rolled out on the 16th of February. I put in a submission for it, so let's see if I can pull that up. Right. So it's not there. So it's not even now in the approval. That's weird. So, so this is where I, I submitted the request the AI tool to be installed into my, my EHR key. I, I put the submission in last, well two weeks ago probably and, and it is no longer there. But actually this might be two, two items. So this thing. Okay, so. So they have not implemented this yet. And so this is what I'm really waiting for is what is Advanced as AI tool look like relative to John Psychs? And then I mean that, that really is the crux of decision is what AI the advanced AI tool features and capabilities are.
Nathan Peereboom: Got it. What would you need to believe about JOT Psych like seeing that their tool is delayed, knowing what you know about Advanced MD as a software, you know, you know they're software engineers at some level you use their software. What would you need to believe about JOT Psych to say hey, I don't have to wait to see this tool. I'm willing to just move forward. Start e prescribing in JOT psych, start scheduling in JOT Psych. Like really make shots like my system of record.
Jonathan: So I mean right now because I'm basically one man show I do need to hire somebody so that has to happen. So costs are my one big issue. Right? That's the biggest issue for me is overhead.
Nathan Peereboom: What do you pay for advanced MD?
Jonathan: 350amonth.
Nathan Peereboom: Got it. Okay. So you pay more for advanced MD than you would for job psych and sorry, can you just connect the dots for me here?
Jonathan: Sure, yeah. So, so advanced it is an all in one ehr. So I can do all the billing, all that. Right. All under that one cost. And the AI tool I believe is going to be included with the, with the key. It doesn't cost anything more. So basically I've got all the features basically under one roof for 350.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah.
Jonathan: Jot psych. I've been paying 150 since the start. I started with Freed, but absolutely the $50 extra a month was, was worth it to me to go to John site. It was a superior program. So, so that's my dual cost right now is 150 for the notes and then for the note taking capability and then 350 for the advanced MD. Obviously I don't need to continue with one of those going forward because they're both going to have that feature. Let me actually, I don't know if I've mentioned this but, but the, the important thing for me is. So I have. I have developed a extremely severe case of narcolepsy. So I actually went to the mignot lab. In Sanford and was worked up by Emmanuel Mignot, who found narcolepsy. And he's like, as far as cataplexy goes, I'm the worst he's ever seen. So in that regard. Here. So I need these. The ability to record the visit is absolutely critical. I. I literally fall asleep in visits at times with my eyes open and I'm talking. Got it?
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. Okay, Gotcha. Okay, so that, that makes sense. I think maybe I'm just like, not. And John, correct me, it might just be that I. I didn't sleep well last night, but I, like, I'm. The way that I'm understanding it is Advanced MD is a more expensive software. Jaw Psych has all the features that you want under one roof, but you're like, waiting for this unreleased AI tool to stay with, like, the more expensive version. Like, am I. Am I understanding that right?
Jonathan: Well, I mean, I was under the impression that I'm not going to continue to only pay 150 for dot if I get all these other features. It is going to be way more expensive than that.
Nathan Peereboom: Oh, why were you under that impression?
Jonathan: Because if you go into the, like, I don't know where I was looking into the settings or something and it said like, add this service or your subscription, I think it is. And then, I don't know, I was, I was under the impression that there's going to be kind of a. A la carte pricing.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, yeah, but we have like all inclusive pricing. That's 299, I believe. So you're never going to pay more than 299 for the subscription.
Jonathan: Okay.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. And like, there are of course, certain things that, like, you know, if they're a service or they're metered for us, then we, you know, then we charge more for them. So for example, you know, if you want us to handle your billing, that's a separate thing. But. But at a subscription level for the equivalent feature set of advanced MD, it's. It's never going to be more than $299.
Jonathan: But if we do the billing, then what does that add?
Nathan Peereboom: Well, the billing is, you know, based on the percentage of revenue that, you know, we manage for you. So. So that's fully dependent on how much you end up billing.
Jonathan: Gotcha. Would be, what, 2, 3, 4%? What?
Nathan Peereboom: 4 to 8%.
Jonathan: Okay, so. So though that is a significant. Because I already have that feature under the 350, so. So that would be a significant price increase.
Nathan Peereboom: Well, you don't have a billing company. You have the ability to submit billing by yourself, which is something that you could do with jot Psych. But when we talk about managed billing, where we're managing your templates, where we're managing, you know, doing all of your appeals for you, where we're managing, you know, the, the relationship you have with the payer, that's a traditionally, that's traditionally conceived of as a service. And 4 to 8% is the industry standard for that.
Jonathan: Yeah. No, and I. Yeah, and I get it. I mean because I literally get 10 calls a day here for film services. But, but yeah. And that, I mean so I guess that is the crux of it. Can I do this myself? Can I handle it and, and basically capture that that 4 to 8% or do I need somebody else to do it?
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, well right now we like, like we do the billing for you. That's kind of one of the things in job. Like we are going to be rolling out self serv, self serve billing. But you know the, the whole theory of the software is that if we are really careful about the payer documents that we hold, the public documents that tell us how payers do audits and all of these like external like updates to fee schedules and rules, we actually have such a competitive advantage as a biller that we want to own that outcome. You know, we want to own the outcome of, of the billing. So, so for right now like we are just like a premium billing service. You know, if you're using job site for that. But you don't have to use our billing service to use the software. You could, you know, you could do all the other things in the software and you could bill yourself through a different clearinghouse if you, if you chose to do that. So, so you know, I guess, I guess to say like in our minds like we just don't want to waste your time John. So my thought is you know, whatever information you need and if, if you're, if you're kind of no negotiable is like hey, if I can't do my own billing and jot psych like right now then like I'm not going to use job psych. That that makes sense and like you know I can bring that back and get you an estimate on when that would to happen in the roadmap. But, but, but I don't want to, you know. Yeah. I don't want to lead, lead you down a path that you're not excited about.
Jonathan: Well, I mean I, I, to. To get anything off my plate abs. I, absolutely. It's you know, right now I don't know. I don't know what my, I mean I have a general idea of what my revenue, what I'm billing but, but I don't actually know what I'm going to get paid. So I don't know where I'm at financially right now, which isn't a great place, but it's coming. But if I knew, you know, okay, I'm making, I'm clearing so much that the billing actually is a burden, then it would be worth it. But if, you know, if it literally is, I just got to click these three buttons at all and I'm getting paid 90%, then it doesn't make sense.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, totally. Okay, so, yeah, totally. If you want to just try the billing on your own, feel free to do that. That's completely fine. So let's just pause on the billing. It sounds like. You're. You're not ready to do the billing, which is completely. Okay, why don't we revisit the billing later and let's just start with credentialing. And you can use credentialing in Advanced MD or elsewhere, but at least you're. The clock is starting on Premera and you don't have to work with Trazetta again.
Jonathan: Yeah, I mean, I. Yes, I would absolutely be open to that. Yeah. At a minimum, I, I'm very disappointed in terms of, like, I don't have the credentials yet because I. If I could run a week of bills, it would tell me all the information. I don't know that I need more than that.
Nathan Peereboom: I don't. I think you're going to need more, John, because here's my guess. My guess is that your first week of bills just go through the way that insurance companies work is you submit bills and claims and, you know, they'll wait for a month or two and they'll see patterns and then they'll ask for an audit, and then they'll look at your notes and then they'll look at your claims, and then, you know, that's when you actually know. You really have to wait 6 to 12 months to know what the damage is. And the risk is, audit wise, I think that if you did it for a week, you'll likely get mostly approvals. So I, I would just. Whether you work with us, whether you do it alone, whether you go with another company, I would just caution against that time frame for, like, really understanding what, you know, what's happening.
Jonathan: Okay. Then I put a. Appreciate that. Sorry, I don't know how to turn off the facts ringing.
Nathan Peereboom: No worries. Okay, so let me. I'm going to send you. Let me send you what we need to get started with your, with your credentialing. Okay. Let's see. John. Okay. Okay, so I just sent you. I sent you by text. I'm gonna send it here. How much of this information does Adam have? Because this is what we need to start with the credentialing.
Jonathan: I look at the email or it's
Nathan Peereboom: in the message thread of this, this video call. I also sent it via text. It's a list of nine items.
Jonathan: My in call messages is. It just says in call messages are available in Google Chat to invited users who are in the host organization.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, so are you looking at the video call itself? Like, can you see my picture?
Jonathan: Yes. Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay. At the bottom right there's a little like text box thing. It's like three buttons right of the call, hang up. What happens when you open that?
Jonathan: So that's what I'm on. That's what it says in call. Messages are available in Google Chat to invited users who are in the host organization.
Nathan Peereboom: Wow, that's so weird. Okay, let me try sending it again. Wait, let me say. Testing, 1, 2, 3. Can you see this? I say testing, 1, 2, 3.
Jonathan: No, nothing.
Nathan Peereboom: Nothing has come up. Okay. Do you mind checking your cell phone? I just sent it to you over text.
Jonathan: Yep. Okay.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, cool. So do you have. Do you have this?
Jonathan: I have. I have all of it. I don't think Adam has any of it.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, gotcha. If we right now set. Like, do we. Do you have time? Like, could you. Could you, like, find this stuff, like, in the next few minutes? And could we just, like, do the data transfer of these nine items that we can get started with Primera?
Jonathan: Yeah, we. So I've got two computers, and I don't have my other laptop with me. And that is what I said. I've everything up with.
Jonathan: I don't know what I have in here. All right, so I have. My board certification letter, the W9 state license, the DEA certificate. I got a call so that I've got a copy of the screenshot of it, but. But I don't have the actual certificate, and I gotta actually call them. My email was with the old practice, and I cannot access that anymore, so I actually have to call the DEA for that. Everything else, though, I mean, I either have it here, the malpractice, I might have it in my other computer, but I can get all of this by tonight for sure.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, awesome. Well, why don't you do this? Why don't you get this to us by tonight and let us just start with the credentialing services stuff. Whenever you want to talk about billing again, you know, we're here. But we're gonna. I'm gonna assume that we're clicking pause on billing because you want to try billing on your own first. Okay.
Jonathan: Yeah. I mean, if you guys. So I don't know. Well, actually, I probably need to learn how to do this, but. But I need to correct that. That code and then resend it.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, I mean, there. That's a lot of what billing is. A lot of billing is. You know, you make sure that the note is really high fidelity. You do the claim, you scrub the claim based on all sorts of complex rules you have from the payer. You submit it. Sometimes it gets kicked back. Then you have to actually submit it. So it goes through the clearinghouses. Once the payer has it, sometimes they denial it. Sometimes you have to write an appeal letter that takes prior information and pushes it to pair. It's a whole dance. There's a reason why there are billing companies, and it's. And it's not for lack of clinicians being sharp or capable. It's really because it's just an enormous amount of administrative work. So, you know, with one claim, you're going to be fine. But, you know, but if what you're saying is like, hey, I just want this off my plate, there's really only one. Way to do that. And it doesn't have to be us, but you should work with a company that takes that off your plate for you.
Jonathan: Yeah, and I, I'm. I know more leaning more that way every minute basically. And yeah, just, I, I don't know what, I don't know. And that, that I would like to understand the process before I give it up.
Nathan Peereboom: Totally. Yeah. There's no pressure. There's zero pressure.
Jonathan: So where would I, where do I send these things?
Nathan Peereboom: Can you just send them to, to me? Natepsych.com.
Jonathan: And it's just N a t e jotsychot.com Perfect.
Nathan Peereboom: All right.
Jonathan: And then I have a smart scribe health as well. But that we're using the jot. Psych.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, I mean it all goes to the same place, So.
Jonathan: Yeah. So I'll, I'm assuming it'd probably be easier if I just put them all in one email. I can email you some of the items right now, but then some of them are not going to be until I get home.
Nathan Peereboom: Great. Okay. Yeah, you can send them batch. You can send them all together regardless.
Jonathan: Okay. All right. Yeah, I might as well just. So I can have your email in the, in my sent box and I can just go there. All right, so I'll, I'll send you over the documents that I have here and then just, you know, let me know if any of them don't come through. Whatever you need to resend. I'll do that tonight.
Nathan Peereboom: Beautiful. Okay, great. And also so, you know, as I mentioned, the initial document collection is like $350 just for us to read through everything and process it. And then it's $300 per pair. If there are any other pairs you want, just tack them on because you know, we can do them all in one, one like cycle. So. So I would just say, you know, if you go home and you're thinking and you're like, oh wait, actually, like I do think things are going to come through and you know, on the east coast earlier, like I want to just start that process now, just let us know and we're happy to kind of support that. Okay. And I know that you're waiting on licensing, but if there are any other states that you're licensed in where you're like, oh, I might as well just vacuum up a few of these. Totally. Like a good time to do it.
Jonathan: Gotcha. Okay. Yeah, I'll look into the New Hampshire license. I mean, New Hampshire is the most nurse practitioner friendly state in the country, so that's probably where I'm going to end up with the second part of the practice and I'll look up, I'll start getting that in order here. But the Jersey one is probably the easiest and quickest and I can reach out to my sister in law, find out what the insurance is all right now and then get that to you.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, gotcha. Oh, and what's your job site account under what email?
Jonathan: Oh, that's the other thing. So I. I mentioned to. I think we're saying Emily, I think Kaiser or something. So my email is the email that I have with job site, which if I needed to change it, a password or something, I cannot retrieve this email. So this is my old practice and I need to be able to figure out how to either get that email off of my desk thing, figure out a new email, or sign in something needs to change. Where I get this email removed.
Nathan Peereboom: Which one is it? J.
Jonathan: Hensel Healthy hemisphere dot com. Correct. Yep. I no longer have access to that.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, so what, what email? Do you have another account that you're using?
Jonathan: Not for John site. This is the. The account I use. So. And I. I can't. I can't get rid of this because I have the documents back from, like, October that my old boss. Turns out she's actually a terrible person. She. She got rid of me thinking that I was just gonna go back to the east coast because I had asked to do three weeks on the East Coast.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay.
Jonathan: She interpreted that as we wanted to move. So she. The expectation was that she was going to keep all my patients. They all came with me, so she's actually threatened to take me to the board of nursing.
Nathan Peereboom: Gotcha. Okay, well, that's. That's not good. No.
Nathan Peereboom: So wait, so just so I understand, can you, like, currently log into this or. No?
Jonathan: Yeah, yeah, yeah. I can. I have the email and everything or the, the password saved, but if I ever have to change the password, if anything ever happens, I can't get back in.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, here's my suggestion. Let's start a group with you as the. Like, just start another account and then add that account as a group member. And then we'll flip the billing administrators and then we can cancel this account.
Jonathan: Okay. All right, so I'll basically sign up for John Sec as a new account and we'll do. Okay. I really want to be careful with this, though, because I cannot lose this data.
Nathan Peereboom: Yes, I understand. Okay. So, yeah, I mean, I think that that's the only way to do it. Yeah, I think that that's. That's the only way to do it. We don't control authentication. Like, we give that to, like, this company that does it for, like, Google and Facebook. Like, we. We have like a blue chip company that does that part of our security. So I would say the sooner we do this, the better. But. But yeah, for right now, let's just create a group where you have another account that's like a. Another subscription they'll start as a free trial, and then we'll cancel it so that you're not. You don't have any overlap in billing for that.
Jonathan: Gotcha. Okay.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay. All right, good stuff. All right, John, I'm going to be looking for these nine documents and, and we'll just keep you updated and we're going to get Primera through for you. Okay, Excellent.
Jonathan: Yeah, and then I'll get, get that list from New Jersey and. Yeah, awesome.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, lovely. Hey, thanks a million. And I'm so curious how advanced MD's AI features come out, so please let us know. You know, I'm just very, very interested in, like, whether it's good or not, so. So yeah, please keep us in the loop there and we'd love to win you over and have you using jots, like, as the full shebang at some point. Okay, perfect.
Jonathan: Yep.
Nathan Peereboom: All right, cool. Take care. Thank you.
Jonathan: Yeah, thanks for your time.
Nathan Peereboom: All right, bye. Bye.
Jonathan: Take care. Bye.