Christopher Hume: Dentist appointment this morning.
Barbara Njuguna: Oh, no, that's okay. That's okay. You got to take care of what you need to take care of. I don't know if Moses, are you able to say this in the meeting or not?
Christopher Hume: Moses is not in the meeting yet.
Barbara Njuguna: I just talked to him now because he's actually out of state, but we know we were going to have this. Let me see if I can. Forward him. One second.
Christopher Hume: And I just sent him an email with the link.
Barbara Njuguna: Awesome. Awesome. Yeah, maybe that might be better. Because it's probably looking for it. Yeah.
Christopher Hume: I. What we're from Moses. Just want to check how are things going?
Barbara Njuguna: They are going very well.
Barbara Njuguna: They're going very well. I'm actually, I mean, I'm starting to get used to it. I think I am, actually, because Moses did a rundown of missing. He's more familiar with it, but I like it, you know, just comparing to mentality. It's really more geared or focus towards, like, provide a prescriber other than therapy, you know, only. So it's not too detail oriented, which is good. I I just need enough. I don't need too much. And I just like how it does the. Oh, I forgot what the name is, like, you know, to review, to just make sure that you hit everything that is needed.
Christopher Hume: Oh, the audit.
Barbara Njuguna: The audit.
Christopher Hume: Yeah, that's that wonderful.
Barbara Njuguna: Yeah, the audit. I like that. And it's just easy also to copy paste and, like, the other one. I'd have to copy it, highlight it. It's just efficient. Yeah, I I I'm. I'm liking it, actually.
Christopher Hume: I am wonderful. Was there anything.
Barbara Njuguna: Anything I know?
Christopher Hume: To don't tell my boss, but I gave you guys kind of access through the end of the month. No, of course. I know if you're going to be making a change or deciding a change, you want to have that easy transition period. Right. There during the next. I don't know, week and a half. Is there anything I can help you guys with? Is there anything that would make your experience better or anything like that?
Barbara Njuguna: For me? I think I'm actually good now that I actually know what to do, like how to use it. I think the first couple of days, it was just like, I don't know. I'm confused. But now I. I think I'm. I got the hang of it. Wonderful. Yeah, I think I do. And I'm actually liking surprisingly liking because Moses thought she's going to do a lot of convincing for me, but I'm like, you don't need to convince me. I I like it already.
Christopher Hume: That's what we like to hear.
Barbara Njuguna: That's a good story from our and Barbara.
Christopher Hume: Yeah, I do.
Barbara Njuguna: I like it for sure.
Christopher Hume: Great. So we can keep chugging along on the pot on this little trial period, and we just do a check in at the end to see if you'd like to come over full time.
Barbara Njuguna: I'm leaning more towards that.
Christopher Hume: It looks like.
Barbara Njuguna: So wonderful. Yeah. Yeah. I like it for sure.
Christopher Hume: The. The other two features I just want to flag and probably today is not the best time to go over them while we're both in.
Barbara Njuguna: In different cars. It's okay.
Christopher Hume: But I. We have e-prescription and billing support. I'm not sure sort of what you're planning as you build out your practice. If you're kind of, if you have those solutions already kind of set up. But if you'd like to set those up through jot psych, we're here to help you, and I'd be happy to walk you through in detail kind of all those features.
Barbara Njuguna: Okay. So, I mean, we have icon notes right now. We've had for a few years, and it. I mean, it's. It's working well. Okay, here's Moses.
Christopher Hume: One second.
Barbara Njuguna: Yeah.
Christopher Hume: Hey, Moses.
Moses Njuguna: Oh, hey. Hey.
Christopher Hume: Good morning. Good morning. Good morning. Thanks for joining us. What'd you say? I said, thanks for joining.
Moses Njuguna: Appreciate it. Thanks. I was in another Google meet.
Christopher Hume: Oh, my gosh. No worries at all.
Moses Njuguna: Yeah.
Christopher Hume: Well, Moses Barber and I were just talking about kind of how your experience has gone so far. Sounds like things have gotten pretty well from her end. I know you're kind of an expert at this point, but I just wanted to one that, you know, I extended you guys out through the end of the month, the end of March. So you're.
Christopher Hume: You're good to go there. If you decide to make a transition. It'll be nice and you can just do it at the end of the month or at the start of the next month. But I wanted to see, is there anything I could help you with Moses? Anything that can make the next, like, week and a half or two weeks in March. Like, yeah, better. Better experience for you.
Moses Njuguna: For me, I would say, you know, it's been good. You know, I've liked using it. I love the templates and wonderful. Yeah. That the. The clinical reasoning of Jack's like, I think is much, much higher. And there's. There's not much hallucinating like other platforms. And I think it's easier to use. I'm not sure, Barbara, what do you think so far?
Barbara Njuguna: Yeah, I think. I think so, too.
Christopher Hume: I.
Barbara Njuguna: It's not to tell oriented, which, I mean, in other cases it might. That might be necessary, but for. I just like how precise it is. It's not bloating and how it. Yeah. And it captures everything. It's easy to. To copy and paste to the other EHR that we have. So Chris was asking us whether we wanted to use this for prescribing. And so there are things that we really like about. I cannot. But we also love this one here. So if there was a way to integrate that, like, just like into.
Christopher Hume: I cannot.
Barbara Njuguna: I think for us, I will be the ideal. But, I mean, this is just the beginning. I don't know.
Christopher Hume: We'll see.
Moses Njuguna: Right. Yeah. Yeah. Chris, I know you.
Christopher Hume: You and your team had prepared a, like a bug, an extension that integrated with Dr.
Moses Njuguna: Chrono. And maybe you could look into it. You could. You could have your developers team look into it.
Moses Njuguna: We use the older version of iconotes. I know iconot has moved on to another version, but if. If. If that's something that can be done, you know, later down the road, you know, we can give you people access the best they can integrate. So we just get done and you just click and gets transferred.
Barbara Njuguna: My God.
Christopher Hume: Yeah. No, we. We would love to. And so. We're. So. You're. Oh, my gosh. At Apex, Moses, we rolled that out kind of early for you guys.
Moses Njuguna: So you got the.
Christopher Hume: The first bite at the Apple there. That said, we're planning to roll it out kind of for our broader team or. Excuse me, our broader customer base as an add-on in the coming weeks.
Christopher Hume: And it should be out very soon. So if. If you'd like to kind of at the end of this pilot, I'd love to. If kind of everything looks good, we want to continue with jot psych.
Christopher Hume: I love to get us on a call with an engineer and see sort of if it can work with icon notes as is or if any adjustments are required. Just to be completely upfront, the Chrome integration is typically an extra $10 a month per provider. But, yeah, we'd love to kind of get that up and running for you guys.
Moses Njuguna: And that's the only just click and everything just kind of gets.
Barbara Njuguna: Exactly. Yeah, that would be awesome.
Moses Njuguna: That would be. That'd be really great.
Christopher Hume: So I think I have, in terms of next steps here, we'll let you guys keep doing notes. Hopefully everything stays great there. I'll look into the integration with icon notes and see if we can set that up for you. And at the very least, have our Engineers think about it and ready to discuss. And then would you be interested in any materials I'm prescribing or billing, or is that. I don't want to overwhelm you with any of that. But if it's of interest, I'm happy to kind of give you an overview.
Barbara Njuguna: I mean, you could just send it over. I know a pretty, pretty good at this without Bella with the. I cannot platform right now, but there's never a harm to have more information.
Christopher Hume: Perfect.
Moses Njuguna: Also, maybe Chris, you.
Christopher Hume: You can tell us how much we're looking at as.
Moses Njuguna: As far as. Yeah, the face so we can just have that in our mind as we're budgeting.
Christopher Hume: Yep. So for jot psych. Ic rate for the. The access you have now. So that is the notetaker, the. Document generator, the calendar. And sorry, I should know all of our futures off the top of my head. Document generate Labs. And forms. That's 150 a month. Including in that you get 40 audits a month. So those are the audits, the compliance audits you see on the side. You get 43 is all included in that 150 a month. The add-ons we have now are unlimited audits a month. Prescribing. And. The EHR integration. And I can send you. So the base Moses and Barbara 150 a month, and I can send you a breakout of how much each add-on as well. Okay.
Barbara Njuguna: Okay. Okay. And one 50 a month is per. Per prescriber or are we doing this as Serenity, as. As a facility?
Christopher Hume: It's per user, but we can offer. If you guys have admin team members or anyone like that, we can get them an admin seat for free. So it's per person providing care. It's 150 a month.
Barbara Njuguna: Per person.
Moses Njuguna: Maybe. Maybe what we can do is we can have both Barbara and I be admin. She can have access to my notes. I can have access to her notes. But there's admins. If it's. If it's for free that way, if there's something I need to do, you know, when she's out, I need to help her out. You know, she needs to help me.
Christopher Hume: You know, we can do. Certainly. If you'd like that admin access, that access we can add to your accounts for free. So I'll turn that on for you, Moses.
Moses Njuguna: Okay. Okay.
Christopher Hume: And so I think just the. The last question I had for you all would be would a. A meeting just to kind of check in and kick off your formal. Yeah. Hopefully the formal relationship on the 27th work. And I'd also bring in an engineer. Just to check out icon notes and see what we could do to start getting that set up for all of you.
Barbara Njuguna: That'd be amazing. Let me see what 27 looks like. Is that a day you available, Moses?
Moses Njuguna: It's a Friday. Yeah, that's.
Christopher Hume: That's a Friday.
Moses Njuguna: We can do. You don't do weekends.
Christopher Hume: Right? Don't do weekends yet. I don't do weekends yet.
Moses Njuguna: Yeah, that's okay.
Barbara Njuguna: My calendar is taking time to open. I just want to see what I have.
Moses Njuguna: Sometime.
Christopher Hume: Eight o'clock. Eight o'clock is perfect for me.
Barbara Njuguna: Let me just see. My calendar 27th. Yeah. Eight o'clock is fine on the 27th.
Christopher Hume: Let. Me. I already told Barbara, but I'm actually had an unexpected expected dentist appointment this morning, so I'm outside of my.
Barbara Njuguna: It's okay.
Christopher Hume: It's okay.
Moses Njuguna: You're gonna get that taken care of. I don't envy you, Chris.
Christopher Hume: No, no start to the day, but I'll. I just put a. A calendar hold on my calendar. I'll send it to both of your email addresses when I get back to the office.
Barbara Njuguna: Okay, no problem. No problem.
Christopher Hume: Okay.
Christopher Hume: Well, anything else I can help you with today?
Barbara Njuguna: No, this is it so far. So good for sure. Thank you so much.
Christopher Hume: Wonderful. Well, thank you both. Have a great day and you as well. Take care.
Barbara Njuguna: Bye-bye.