Christopher Hume: But we've been in ryan, beth, new york. For a company retreat, sort of like 90 minutes north of the city.
Garden Gioia: Yeah. Cool. I track that. You guys are on a retreat and I was wondering where you were. That's cool.
Christopher Hume: Yeah, we're at some huge house in the woods.
Garden Gioia: Very fun.
Christopher Hume: Yeah. Cool. So we kind of catch the chase here. Joya, Austin will work with you. We'd love to bring you on kind of in a part time role, kind of small at first, pretty similar to what we're doing last week, and then just scale you up. Your skills as you kind of continue to grow and as the business continues to grow. We sort of want. So if you and I'll reach out to Ryan later. We think in this initially customer support just like really helping the full time team take some of their focus away from that.
Christopher Hume: And then we sort of want to put you more into or want to encourage you to see it as an upsell inside sales, increase revenue, improve experience. Addition, let me see if I have a little spreadsheet here. And so we're thinking we'll start and I'll write this all up, but just wanted to kind of voice track it with you first. Is probably the same. Kind of base rate and kind of initial expectations, but then written into the contract, there'll be a bonus for every existing customer. Every existing customer that you sell an additional feature to. You'll get a percentage of the first month of revenue. And so I'm still kind of finalizing all the percentages because we're doing this for our full time salespeople. Or 100%. Salespeople who only do sales, we're doing it for them as well. And so the idea would be Joya's. You're helping customers have a better experience because we're responding quicker, getting things resolved faster. You're more available to get to jump on calls because you're completely incentivized to meet with people. Paid for the amount of work because hourly. But you also. That's the opportunity to sell them an additional feature. And then kind of as things go well, which I'm sure they will on your front, and then as the company grows, we'd love to, if there's an opportunity to move you into a more sales or growth focus and kind of a point in the future, kind of cut back on the customer support. That would be an awesome outcome for us. Not as that sound is anything super alarm bells ringing, anything like that?
Garden Gioia: No, no, no. That sounds great. Sounds like sort of what I was expecting. In some ways, I'd love. I think it's in line with what I would want, too. Or totally expect to do more like customer support in the beginning. And then hope. The hope was to move more into, like, customer success, where there's, like, some sales and, like, helping people expand their use of products. So that sounds great. Yeah, My priorities in something like this. Actually. So some thing I want to say too is like, I like that there's opportunity for growth. I like that Jot. Psych is, like, moving so fast, and there's always something to, like, pivot to and, like. And it's exciting to sort of, like, sort of be. Be with that. So, yeah, that sounds great. My priorities would be sort of, like, what does compensation look like and what are, like, time expectations and just making sure that all aligns.
Christopher Hume: Yeah. So I think for the immediate future, the base comp would probably still be at the $25 an hour. And then the bonus structure that were. I don't want to, like, lock anything in right now, but depending on how involved you in are in the sale. We see it as three tiers ranging from, like, 15% to 75% of the first month of revenue. So if you send someone an email, you're like, hey, I think you should schedule time to learn more about eprescription. And they end up buying e prescription. Someone else takes the call. Someone else gets them swiped a credit card, that's 15%. If you have you get someone into a meeting, you tell them all about E Prescription, and then you hand them off to the engineers, that would probably be like 50% of the first month. And then if you do everything, if you get on the call and you're like, hey, do you want to swipe your credit card Now I can set you up.
Christopher Hume: That would be 75% of their first month. And so that holds for any add on features we do. So if you sell someone jot bill. Whenever their first month is, you know, it's the same 15, 50, 75%.
Garden Gioia: Okay, cool. Great.
Christopher Hume: And then in terms of time, is that the other question? Yeah. It's probably going to frankly be a slow ramp up. We don't want to over rotate. Like, hey, we need to do a ton of hours the first few weeks. Like, as you get more comfortable, there's going to be more things for you to do, expect squarely for the first chunk, just like in the 10 hour range. So it'd be some time in the morning, looking at tickets and time in the afternoon. And like, frankly, if you're like, Chris, I didn't have a ton of you this week. It was five hours, like, That's fine. Like I want to make sure you have enough work to make it worthwhile. But these first few weeks, while we're still figuring out how many meetings are we going to enjoy, how many tickets is she handling? How quickly can she handle the tickets? I think like that. 10 range is, like, completely, like. That's probably, like, right the middle of the bell curve. Maybe you'll do a little less some weeks, maybe a little more. And then again, if kind of everything's working and you want to grow, we want to grow you. Of course. Yeah. Happy to spin that up and do more customer sales and proactive outreach as opposed to reactive.
Garden Gioia: Yeah, cool. Yeah, and that works great. 10 hour range. Rate. Something. So, like, something that came up, obviously, like last year, I was out Thursday, Friday.
Garden Gioia: I don't have, like, a ton of time off coming up, like, some. Some days here and there. Is it ever okay to, like, comp time, like, on like a sun on like a Saturday or something like that, or is that sort of like a no. No.
Christopher Hume: It's not a no. No. I just think for the initial few months, I don't know if there's going to be that many tasks for you on a weekend, because it's going to be like, people don't want me on weekends. People aren't really working. On weekends, we don't get a ton of weekend tickets. So we kind of. We have no, like, institutional issues with working on weekends. Like, hey, if you work and you're offering value, like, go ahead. But I would just say there probably won't be a ton for you to do right off the bat on weekends.
Garden Gioia: Yeah. Yeah. Okay, cool. Is there any. Any, like, range on that base? Comp of 25.
Christopher Hume: I think off the bat, it's probably going to be pretty. That's probably what we're like, our solid offer. That said, if you're like, hey, Chris, 2 weeks now you're like, hey, I'm doing a ton of work. Like, I think I'm offering a ton of value. I'm bringing people in.
Christopher Hume: I'm happy to have a discussion. And, like, I don't want you to think this. This is like a forever comp. Just when we're. Trying to, like, ramp you guys on for an indefinite contract, I sort of make sure we kind of understand all the. Yeah. How things are going before we kind of start to turn that knob up.
Garden Gioia: Okay. Okay, cool. Yeah, okay. Great. Sounds good.
Christopher Hume: Okay, so I'll send you a. What is. What is your calendar for the next couple weeks look like?
Garden Gioia: Next week. I've got a bunch of flexibility, I think. I think I have to maybe make a little bit of a tweak to my. My private practice schedule in the calendar, but it's pretty up to date until. Thursday. I need to adjust. But yeah, next week has actually has a bunch of flexibility.
Christopher Hume: Okay, So I think what we're going to do is we'll just take. I'll do the same thing we did last or two weeks ago. Applies will get you. We'll have like a little onboarding call on Monday, and then we'll have you and Ryan, if he chooses to join us, start tackling these tickets. We'll get you access to your own calendar invite so you can just send them out to people and host meetings. We'll start triaging customer support to you. And, yeah, we'll see how this little first couple few weeks goes. 23 weeks. And then if you're like, chris, I think there needs to be adjustment here and the bonus to the base, I'm like, happy to have that discussion.
Garden Gioia: Cool. Cool.
Garden Gioia: That sounds great. Yeah.
Christopher Hume: Great. But I'll get you that contract this weekend, and I'll set kind of a kickoff meeting on your calendar for some point on Monday.
Garden Gioia: Awesome.
Christopher Hume: Okay, well, I'm looking forward to it. Choya.
Garden Gioia: Yeah, ditto. Thanks, chris.
Christopher Hume: Awesome. Have a good one. Bye. Bye.