Cecile Matip: Hi there. Hello. Good morning.
Emily Kaiser: Good morning.
Cecile Matip: How are you? Good.
Emily Kaiser: How are you? Good, thank you. So I know Dr. Motif. We spoke on the phone. My name is Emily and this is Chris.
Emily Kaiser: He is our chief of staff over at Jod Psych.
Christopher Hume: Hey, Dr. Matip, how are you?
Cecile Matip: Nice to meet you. Nice to meet you too.
Emily Kaiser: Thank you for taking the time to meet with us today. We kind of just wanted to do a quick follow up because we spoke to your business partner and she said that you would kind of be the one to make the decisions as far as, you know, the doing the encounter part and the recording part of the note taking. I understand you guys use a competitor currently. Correct. Who do you use?
Cecile Matip: Free day.
Emily Kaiser: Okay. How long have you been with Freed?
Cecile Matip: A couple of years, I think now maybe about.
Christopher Hume: Yeah. Oh, yeah. Dr. Matib, as Emily was saying, we'd love to kind of answer any questions you have about job, psych and the AI scribe. And then I think what we hope for us is is this just something you're looking to use down in North Carolina. Is this something you'd also potentially like to use in New York? And then kind of what kind of questions do you have? Or what's worked for you with greed, what hasn't? And I can structure the law to make sure that we sort of hit its most relevant. I'm not just giving you, you know, the generic walkthrough.
Cecile Matip: Yeah. So I mean, if this is a software that works better than what we have now, I would be open to, you know, use it in New York and North Carolina because my part is pretty simple, you know, in terms of the administrative part. You know, the note taking is simple. The administrative part is more complicated when we switch from one system to another one, you know, with a New York population, because we have, you know, probably around 2,000 to 3,000 patients. I'm not sure exactly, but you know, they would mean to, you know, transfer all of this, which I don't know how. How well that works. Right. So that's more about Dr. Niberi's decision, you know, to, to. To. To do this with New York as well. But for sure we are looking for a new software for North Carolina because we're starting from scratch. So it's easier for us to do that if we realize that, you know, it's much better than what we have as we're using in North Carolina, you know, and see how simple or not it is to do it with New York, we'll be open to do this for sure.
Christopher Hume: Okay, so it sounds like maybe the next steps that we consider and I could kind of share with you, Dr. Batik, is. So we have a plan. Pilot program. And so how it works is, you know, you're given access to jack site for free or for a low, like pretty nominal amount for your clinic. We could do that down in North Carolina. Your team could try us out and then it's a great fit. Hopefully everyone keeps using us. And we could talk about transitioning New York as well, I guess in terms of sort of what's worked for you in the past and what hasn't worked for you, what with the AI scribes, is there anything sort of you're looking for in particular? Anything that's like really good about freed you wish free had just to kind of see?
Cecile Matip: Yes. So I've spent a lot of time on looking for a software that using AI to generate notes. And I have myself been able to create my own templates to obtain the notes that I want.
Christopher Hume: Yeah.
Cecile Matip: So I don't need any help in creating the notes. What I've done and the way I work, you know, is, you know, it's not typical of most psychiatry practices. You know, we do integrative psychiatry. So we also use not just medication, we use supplements, we use vitamins, we use minerals. And so, you know, for you to, you know, you have to put not only the prompt in there, but you have to put the actual documentation of where you can retrieve the information to be able to give recommendations. Right. So my prompts not only give you a transcription of the session, but it also gives recommendations of what to do next. Right. So it doesn't. It not only, you know, helps to write a note, but it helps my. My physician assistant to what to do if what you're doing is not working.
Christopher Hume: Right.
Cecile Matip: And I'm also a psychotherapist. And so I also have prompts for my psychotherapy session based on the type of psychotherapy that I practice, which is psychodynamic psychotherapy based on psychoanalysis, which is really rare done now. Right. And so I'm able to, again, you know, I have students that are doing intern mental health counselor, intern psychotherapists from NYU and Hunter College in Manhattan that also are using the system. And so I created prompt that allow them to have as well, feedback sessions. Right. How they're doing about sending feedback, email about the session and things that they even don't know. But the prompt that I created allowed to create that. Right. So all my notes are there. Right. And not only that, but I created. Prompts that allow to get the right documentation with the right billing. Like, you know, I'm really happy about what I've created so far. You know, I think at this point I should, I should have someone that create a software for me because, you know, like, I, I'm really ahead. Yeah. The problem with free AI is that we have to copy and paste our sessions to, to our software. And the other thing that also what free is not doing, that I think is really important is that a good software will allow saving and memories of the previous notes incorporated in what to do next based on not today, just today's sessions, but all the previous sessions. Right. Because when we do medication management, for example, you know, and you know, we're thinking about what to change next, you know, and maybe six weeks ago the patient already tried a medication that failed. We have to go back and remember what medication failed. If you had a system that would remember every sessions, it could automatically tells you you already tried that. Yep. You know what I mean with psychotherapy, in psychotherapy, what I have to do every time is not every time, but you know, what will be ideal is not only, you know, giving me information of what I've done, right or wrong during session, which is what my notes are doing as well for myself because I'm also generating notes to tell me how I did, but also, you know, for the patient. It's kind of, you know, when we do psychotherapy, it's not just based on one session. As a therapist, we have to remember what has happened before.
Christopher Hume: Right.
Cecile Matip: And so the software doesn't do that. Right. So the ideal software would be able to memorize every sessions and incorporate it into what we're doing today and what we have to do next.
Christopher Hume: Well, that all makes sense to me, I think. I guess one kind of follow up question there, Dr. McT, is, is what, what EHR are you currently using?
Christopher Hume: What, what what EHR or EMR are you using?
Cecile Matip: Oh, it's called emedical Practice.
Christopher Hume: Okay. And is that in browser or is like do you open that up in Google Chrome or is it something you download and you have on your computer?
Cecile Matip: It's website.
Christopher Hume: Okay.
Cecile Matip: Yeah.
Christopher Hume: Very, very helpful. And then I guess, Dr. Matique, do you have any in terms of kind of. It sounds like I would guess you're supervising those interns from. From.
Cecile Matip: Yeah. And I have seven physician assistants, so I'm this. Gosh. Yeah. So I'm their supervisor. And the system that I created also allows to make sure that they are like the proms that I created. Also. You know, check if they ask the questions that I require them to ask.
Cecile Matip: So if they don't ask those questions, it's going to show, you know, this question was not discussed in session. So, you know, it's much easier for me to review those notes and see what they did and didn't do.
Cecile Matip: And so it's easy. It's also, you know, and they have a template of what questions to you to ask during sessions, you know, and then you know, they kind of get used to it at the end.
Cecile Matip: Also, I don't just. We don't just do medication management but also taught them to do medication management and psychotherapy. So there's two billings, very specific questions they have to ask and also created the prompt that allows to retrieve from the sessions any psychotherapeutic interventions.
Christopher Hume: Wow, sounds like you're a super user of three. That's wonderful. No, that's so good to hear. I guess the last question appreciate you bearing with me for the 20 questions here. Dr. Matip is in terms of billing. I know this kind of. How does that work? Who does billing at your organization? How do you do eligibility checks?
Cecile Matip: Yeah. So we have one person that we hire that writes the billing of the notes and then it's our E medical practice software. Right. Or EHR that's actually doing the billing.
Christopher Hume: Right.
Cecile Matip: Okay. Again, you know, like the way I created my prompts, basically all the information that's necessary is there to the billing that you know, I mean obviously we have to do my PAs. Have to do what's necessary. Right. To be able to put that billing. But all my notes will justify the billing that, that we, we want. Right. So if we audited, you know, we don't have any problem. Which I think for most providers that's a very important.
Christopher Hume: You know.
Cecile Matip: Yes.
Christopher Hume: You know what I mean? Absolutely. And how do you do your sort of eligibility checks on insurance before a patient arrives to make sure kind of are covered and all that.
Cecile Matip: Yeah, so that would be a question for Dr. Nibari because you know, she's of the practice. But if we hire someone, it's also one of our staff member that we'll call the insurance company. There is a, a site that they go to. I forgot the name of it because I'm not doing that stuff right. With double check if you know, patients are eligible before. And we check the insurances kind of before every sessions to make sure that things change all the time to make sure that it's still. I used to use Judge Psych.
Christopher Hume: I don't know if you know that.
Cecile Matip: And I really liked it. Like, really, like, you were ahead already about what I was looking for, you know, for sure. The problem that I had was that. You were the one created the templates with the notes that I would give you. That was back then. I could not create my own templates.
Christopher Hume: Oh, my gosh.
Cecile Matip: That's how you guys were at the time. Yeah.
Christopher Hume: And we had.
Cecile Matip: Yeah, I had to pay, like, for every template I would ask for.
Cecile Matip: There was a fee for it.
Christopher Hume: Right.
Cecile Matip: So, you know, that wasn't working for me because I have probably 30 different templates.
Cecile Matip: You know, I, you know, with my templates, with a session, I can create, you know, I made different templates. I can create a court note. I can create a 504 plan, you know, for families. I can create a primary care doctor referral notes. Right. Just by, you know, clicking on it. Right. So, you know, I have all my templates already, but, you know, of course, it would be nice to have. So the things that I'm missing from what I have again are the following. The being able, you know, because my PAs at the end, they still have to. Because what we want is to spend the least time possible on administration and paperwork and the most with our patient. Right. And so far, you know, my PAs click on, you know, recording the notice being created. You know, they have to review their notes. They don't have to write down anything. And then the thing that takes some time is these two things. One is to copy and paste the notes in our ehr, and the second one is that also as I'm asking them to email, there is a instruction back to the patient.
Christopher Hume: Right.
Cecile Matip: And they have to email that. And also another thing that's, you know, not convenient is that we have to go back to our ehr, find the email address of the patient, you know, Right. Put that email address in the instruction in free AI and then send that to them. So that's a, you know, steps that, you know, this is, you know, maybe a minute or two that for us is counts.
Christopher Hume: You know, it adds up. Right.
Cecile Matip: When you're sitting across the team. All right, so there's that. The fact that. Let me go back to this. Let me think for a minute. I mean, the other stuff that I told you about, you know, why, you know, I still don't have, you know, the system that. Oh, an important one is being able to save the previous sessions that it can be incorporated as, you know, you know, feedback in what we're doing and what to do next. So those are important.
Christopher Hume: No, that all makes sense, Dr. Matifi. So what I could do is I'll walk into your job site and try and answer some of those questions. Yeah. And so I know we have until 1245. I'll try and be respectful of your time, maybe get you out a little bit of this meeting a little early. But before I kind of jump into this demo, what would be a good outcome of this meeting? Would you like to kind of try jot psych again? I'm more than happy to kind of reactivate your account and give you two weeks to play with it. Would you like to do kind of a pilot for your team up in New York or kind of after this meeting? Is it just decision time for you and Dr. Nabarri? And if this could be something that Chimera. Just so I sort of know how to modulate the. What we review here.
Cecile Matip: Yeah, I mean, I want to see what you're going to show me because that's going to depend on you. It's something that, you know, I can be using and you know how, you know, user friendly it is and, and all that. And then after that I can tell you my thoughts about it.
Christopher Hume: Okay, perfect. I know you're an advanced user because you've used us before, so. But we've certainly had some changes, so feel free to stop me at any point. And Chris, we're going to talk about it to review xyz, but I think the first thing, because we're not going to review this today, is that we're actually Dr. Matif, we're rolling out a Chrome Extension EHR integration right now. So I'm not specifically familiar with eMedical practice, but I do know that with other EHRs that are integrated. Excuse me that are in Google Chrome, we actually for some practices are now able to automate the copy paste over via Chrome extension. So if jobsite looks good and that's something you want to try, we can set you up with our engineers to see if that's feasible. So that was just the first thing I wanted to touch on. So the other thing.
Cecile Matip: So there's a possibility of using for us to keep on using emed by using this as transcription of our sessions for transcription,
Christopher Hume: puts it into a note and then you push a button and it just pops it over into email.
Cecile Matip: Yep.
Cecile Matip: And how much is that for that service?
Christopher Hume: You know, I'm going to have to follow up. We're changing our pricing structure right now. We've typically been 150amonth all in corset. What we're doing now is we're offering the Scribe. So unlimited scribe access for $100 a month, and then some of those additional features you can buy out of Harvard, and we'll have to get you.
Cecile Matip: So, Christopher, you're going in and out.
Christopher Hume: Yeah. I'm sorry. Is this any better?
Cecile Matip: Yeah.
Christopher Hume: Okay. What I say, Dr. Matif, is we're changing our pricing structure right now. So typically it's been 150amonth for job site. What we're doing now is we're offering describe for a hundred dollars a month or we will be shortly. And then the additional features are a la carte.
Cecile Matip: That's for per provider or that's per provider.
Cecile Matip: That's correct, Yep. All right, I'm paying attention, but I'm moving to get some food because I have a patient that wants also, so.
Christopher Hume: Okay, no, perfect. So the first thing just wanted to show you, doctor, is our recording screen. It's a little changed from the last time you've used it, I'm sure. But the reason I guess particularly important is I want to highlight that JOT Psych remembers your notes. So one way you see this is in a summary of the last encounter. So we chose this John Smith. We're doing a SOAP note and Jot Psych will tell you what happened last time you met with him then. What's also really exciting is that JOT Psych will integrate previous notes into your current note. So each note is not just a whole new session. It can look at context and yeah, that really improves the quality of the notes as you're very aware. So I did want to flag that. Any questions there, Dr. Matif?
Cecile Matip: No.
Christopher Hume: Okay, perfect. So the other thing I just wanted to show you is you're talking about note templates and last time you used Jetsack, we actually didn't have custom templates. So I'm so sorry to hear that. But we spent a lot of time over the past six months rolling out our custom template builder. So you really should have the ability to fully customize everything within JOT Psych. So we have the standard templates on the left hand side, but you can edit any of these just using our kind of AI feature. So you could say something like add a history. Job site will do that for you. So let you add sections, as you see, we just did. You can reorder sections, you can change how sections are formatted and what information is included in them. So at this point you should have basically complete, very minute control over any changes that you want. And of course you don't need to reach out to us or our engineering team to make these changes. So I know this was a frustration. Point before Dr. Matif. So any questions about this? Is there anything I can answer here? Happy to do another demo.
Cecile Matip: No, that's it.
Christopher Hume: Oh, I was just talking about the. The template specifically. Any questions about the template within job site or anything like that?
Cecile Matip: No. I mean, I know that I'll be using my own templates, so it's not about. So can you show me how you would create a custom template?
Christopher Hume: Yep. So that was how you can edit an existing template to. If you have your own templates that you just want to upload, you would go job site.
Cecile Matip: And we're talking about template. I'm talking about the prompt for my template. Right, the prompt, not the actual note template.
Christopher Hume: Oh, okay. So you have just a description of what you want.
Cecile Matip: Well, you know, I'm talking about. I'm. I have the prompt to create the notes. It's not the template is not the actual note. Like, I'm not gonna. What I need is that I'm not gonna put. I'm not looking for a software where I have to write my notes.
Christopher Hume: Can I share my screen and show you? Yeah, of course. That'd be super helpful.
Cecile Matip: How do I do that? This. All right, so you see my. Let me know if I can move this on the side, you see the. That I free the ice cream. Yep. Okay. All right.
Cecile Matip: So this is all my templates. Right. And so I can edit. So, for example.
Christopher Hume: I'm sorry, Dr. Masif, we only see the visit screen and it says, enter patient's name to prep for a visit. We don't see any templates right now.
Cecile Matip: You don't see the list of all my template. That is ffp.
Christopher Hume: No.
Emily Kaiser: If you open a new tab, you have to select that new tab.
Cecile Matip: That might be helpful. Let me see if. Stop sharing. Maybe I can share my whole. I only shared.
Cecile Matip: Yeah, Entire screen. Now do you see the list of templates here or. No, show my screen anyway. Yep, now we do. Yeah. And I don't know how to remove. And you also see that where we get. We are. You don't know how to make that small.
Christopher Hume: That is.
Cecile Matip: That makes it bigger.
Christopher Hume: Let's see if you go back to that tag.
Emily Kaiser: Now, What happens if you click your freed AI tab?
Cecile Matip: Good idea.
Christopher Hume: Oh, you can actually just push the X in that box.
Cecile Matip: Yep, there you go. All right, so templates. All right, so this is a list of my templates. Oh, wonderful. Okay. Yeah. So let's say for example, you know, I go to my, you know, email back to the caregiver. I would click on edit.
Christopher Hume: Yep.
Cecile Matip: And I. It's a prompt that I created.
Christopher Hume: Oh, okay.
Cecile Matip: Yep. Yeah. Right. So it's not a note, it's a prompt that I created. And then that prompt will create the note that I need. So I need to have a software that allows me to put my own prompt in it to create the node that I want.
Christopher Hume: You should be able documentee when you're creating your custom job site sections. If you copy and paste that in, it should be like, hey, this is the prompt for my. Sorry, I didn't see what section that was. And then you paste that in it should then format it in that way. But that's really interesting. That kind of. That interface, the job site interface is a little bit different, but you still should be able to give it that guidance and it should generate the section for you.
Cecile Matip: Yeah. So I mean, this is something that I. That will be a must for me.
Christopher Hume: Absolutely. And if, kind of course, we'd want to trial all this kind of before any commitments and we could. I mean, I'd be happy to jump on a call with you and just walk through it together and make sure that you have what you need before there's any sort of commitment or anything like that.
Cecile Matip: Yeah, yeah, I guess that's.
Christopher Hume: That's about it. Okay, well, that was super helpful. Appreciate you kind of explaining how that works. Yeah.
Cecile Matip: And then do you guys like, is there a way to. From the note also to send an email? Like it. Does it create an email back instruction to the patients to be sent back to them or.
Christopher Hume: Yep. So is my screen coming through on your end document?
Cecile Matip: I see it.
Christopher Hume: Yeah. Okay, perfect. So you see down here there's something called documents.
Cecile Matip: Yeah.
Christopher Hume: So what you can do. Excuse me, there's actually follow up. So if you press the follow up button, jetsych will automatically generate a follow up email for you. What you can do is as we said, you could paste your prompts down here, bottom left. You can save it as a template over here, and then you send to your patient all from job site. Once you save it as as a template, next time you go to send your friendly reminder, it's going to kind of remember all the prompting, remember all the training, automatically generate that email and then you just press share and send.
Cecile Matip: Gotcha, gotcha, gotcha, gotcha. Okay.
Christopher Hume: Okay.
Cecile Matip: And let's say if I wanted to, can it generate a note or referral for a provider?
Christopher Hume: Yep. So that would be by pushing the documents and you say generate a referral or a. What sort of provider would be helpful, Dr.
Cecile Matip: Matip, like their primary care physician, SAP.
Christopher Hume: And then you could either send to the patient or just download the PDF and send it your own way.
Cecile Matip: Nice.
Christopher Hume: Very nice. And again, you can customize how you want these letters to show and then you just save it as a template. So moving forward, you're not training it every time you're selecting the format you like. Pushing that job site generates template. Excuse me, the letter.
Cecile Matip: Okay. Okay, that's great.
Christopher Hume: Then the last thing I have for you, Dr. Matipa, unless there's any questions here about the node or anything like that, I'm good. Yeah. Okay. Well, the last thing I have for you is I know you consider you're supervising. You have a lot of, you know, interns and PAs, and I think Emily actually may have talked with you about JWT audit. So I just want to sort of tell you how this works. So one, we have a bunch of standard rules that are going to be integrated into your notes. And it identifies sort of, okay, are my providers properly meeting the requirements for psychotherapy modality documentation. But what it also allows you to do is upload your own custom notes. Excuse me, rules. I know you said you have some very specific ways that you like your providers to practice things that you like them to include in their notes. And so. You can create these rules yourself or we can work with you to create them. Then it's going to make sure that notes are following these rules. And then when people don't follow the rules, one, you're going to be able to look at the notes and say, oh my gosh, there's a CPT mismatch or so and so has some issues with their notes. And then we also offer a feature where if you'd like and it sounds like you're doing this in something like this. In Freed right now, there's a feature called Jock Coach where we'll actually text the provider after a session. Let's say they missed a question about suicidality. Jock Coach will say, hey, good session. As a reminder to Bill, for a 99215, you need to make sure you include XYZ next time. And so it's a way to.
Cecile Matip: Yeah, no question. Do you guys save the duration of the session, the time?
Christopher Hume: Yep. Yep. That should be in the header of the. Of the notes.
Cecile Matip: Okay.
Christopher Hume: And so that's good.
Cecile Matip: And so then where are the notes? Let's say we would use your software for everything.
Christopher Hume: Yep. Okay, perfect.
Cecile Matip: Yep. Yeah. Where, where, where would the nodes be? Where would we find that we save it, you know, the. Yep. You know, maybe we should meet again because I have to go as well. Okay. Kind of, you know, interested in knowing like, you know, appointments, you know, for us, how we do this as well and something else.
Christopher Hume: Yeah, I, I'd certainly be h. Happy, Dr. Mati to walk you through scheduling and I can show you where the notes are for a single provider and then there's a supervisor where you would find all of your practices notes. Were there. Are there any other. I mean, would you like to.
Cecile Matip: Yeah. Come back to me. I will email you. Do. Emily, do I have Christopher's email too? Like, did you.
Emily Kaiser: It should be in our follow up or our link.
Cecile Matip: Okay. All right. Yeah, I'm definitely gonna, you know, send you some follow up questions about what about the video.
Christopher Hume: Video. So we currently don't have video integrated into Jatai. So a lot of people use Doxy or. I know that's a big one. Zoom. Zoom or Doxy. Yeah.
Cecile Matip: So that means that for us it's going to be an extra cost to also have for a provider the, the video setting. I mean this is something that. Are you guys working on that to have the. Because you know, we're full virtual practice.
Christopher Hume: It's. Right now the most kind of our top priority is we're kind of rolling out. I think again as Emily chatted about these audit billing and compliance features and making sure that everyone has access to those. A little later on the roadmap, we have E Prescription video. And video. Yeah, those are the two that I know we're tracking, but they're just probably a little longer down the road.
Cecile Matip: Got you. So. So you don't have E prescription either?
Christopher Hume: We do not have E prescription currently. That's something we're working on as well.
Cecile Matip: So how do they, how do they prescribe medication with your.
Christopher Hume: So people typically, if they're using job tech as a prescriber, either have to have a separate tool or they use do E prescription through their ehr.
Cecile Matip: Okay, yeah, so, so those are important features that we would need. You know, I mean, I think that we could, you know, we could, you know, look into the, the just, you know, with the transcription, with the notes.
Christopher Hume: Right.
Cecile Matip: But the rate that we have right now with free AI are better, you know, than you're saying. It's a hundred dollars per. Yeah, yeah, it's, it's a lot cheaper for us. So. But yeah, maybe we can, you know, you know, let's, let's have another meeting after, you know, I, I send you in any more questions that I have and then we can go from there and you know, if you have some, you know, dates on how you think that, you know, you might have the E prescription and the video, you know, we're looking for kind of a, you know, a program as we go on to North Carolina at least we're looking for something that will have, we cannot, you know, use different system. We're looking for something that will have everything, you know, included. So, you know, that's, that's important to us, you know, to again, to save, to save time, you know, like for us to open and send a zoom meet every time to our patients. That means that the, you know, the providers has to send that to them.
Christopher Hume: It's gonna be a lot of work.
Cecile Matip: You know, any prescribing, I'm, you know, I don't know any. We need to prescribe, you know, we do all medication control substances, you know, so that's also something that's going to be important for us.
Christopher Hume: Okay. No, certainly understand that. So I'll get kind of the more defining system for you. And then Dr. Matif, if you want to send me those additional questions, I can make sure to get those answered. Would it maybe make sense just to do a quick 15 minute check in the same time next week and kind of see what next steps are and kind of, if there's any way we can help you and the team
Cecile Matip: have to look at my schedule. I mean, I have Tuesday noon available if you know, 12 to 12:30 or something.
Christopher Hume: Perfect. Emily, would you be able to throw that back on the count on the calendar for next week?
Emily Kaiser: Definitely.
Christopher Hume: Perfect. Well, Dr. Matif, I'll keep an eye out for your email and I'll try to answer any of your questions.
Cecile Matip: Okay, Sounds good.
Christopher Hume: And then if you'd like to try us out or just do another trial in the meantime, just let me know.
Christopher Hume: Happy to reactivate your account for sure. Thank you very much. Wonderful. Thanks for having chat next week.