JORGE VALCOURT: I think that's your Internet. It's gotta be, because we can hear you. Just the video.
janete Cardenas: Okay, just give me a second.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, it might help if you go off video. Sorry, Janet.
JORGE VALCOURT: Hey, there she is. Okay, Ebony, are you gonna be able to turn your camera on so they can. They can see who they're talking to? Emily, you're muted too. Foreign. Nate, how are you?
Nathan Peereboom: Good, good. Hey, we had such a great time meeting with y' all and being in the office yesterday. Thank you again for hosting.
JORGE VALCOURT: Absolutely. Thank you guys for coming. Was it because of the food or because of our.
Nathan Peereboom: Honestly, the croquetas did take it to the next level. That's great.
Nathan Peereboom: Great to hear.
JORGE VALCOURT: Okay, so, Nate, I'm waiting for. For Ebony to. I mean, it seems like she is in the meeting, but we cannot hear her nor see her.
Nathan Peereboom: No worries. I am. I'm gonna be in commute during this call. Adam's gonna be quarterbacking. I'm gonna keep my ears open and I can chime in if. If you all have questions. But. But he's going to be sort of master of ceremonies here.
JORGE VALCOURT: Okay. There she is. Okay. Well, thank you, Nate. Nate, before we start this meeting, did you get to send the MSA on peek?
Nathan Peereboom: Yes, you. If you search, I can resend it for sure, but it's definitely in your. In your account under a docuSign.
JORGE VALCOURT: Okay. Did you send it to the same email account, the Gmail one or. Or to the Springs one I gave you yesterday?
JORGE VALCOURT: Oh, that's a good question.
Nathan Peereboom: Adam, do you mind just noting down that. That I need to go confirm the email I sent it to?
Nathan Peereboom: I think I sent it to the email that you requested, but if I got that wrong, that's on me and I'll go chase it.
JORGE VALCOURT: That is fine. I'm gonna look it up when we finish this meeting, and if I don't see it, then I send you a text message.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, great.
Nathan Peereboom: I'll turn that around the next hour, regardless.
JORGE VALCOURT: That's fine. Okay, sounds good. Okay. So, Adam, Nade. So we met with Ebony this morning. Ebony is our credentialing person. She is in the Miami Springs office, and she's in charge of. Anything that has to do with contracts. So reaching out to insurances to get documentation, reimbursement fees, contracts, updates, all that. She's the one who is taking care of that right now. Speaking with her this morning. Apparently she already went ahead and created a folder with the contracts. Right, Ebony?
Nathan Peereboom: Oh, that's awesome.
Eboni Mobley: The contracts, the schedules and the plans that we accept as well.
JORGE VALCOURT: Okay, good. And that is only for Velcro right now, Right? Okay, so you have both in the same folder. Yes.
Eboni Mobley: Okay.
JORGE VALCOURT: Okay. Is it a different folders or are both in the same so they can distinguish which ones are Valcord and which ones are Peak.
Eboni Mobley: So when they go in the folders, they'll see a folder peak and they'll see a folder for Valcorp. The only difference between peak is I just labeled it as pediatrics and mental Health, so. But they both fall on the peak and Valcourt will have all of their information as well. So everything is separated and documented accordingly.
JORGE VALCOURT: Okay, please send it over to me, Ebony. The link to my Slack account and I will share it with them. Were you guys able to get the Slack going that connection?
Adam Harrison: Yep. So we created the channel. It looks like Janet was able to join Jorge. We did send you an invite as well, so it should be somewhere in your email. But we can try to add you right now if you're not seeing it.
Adam Harrison: Okay, let me see if I can do this. It might be easier actually if you add Jorge because you're from the same organization. Would you mind giving that a try?
janete Cardenas: Yes, I'm gonna do it right now.
Adam Harrison: Perfect. Thank you.
janete Cardenas: Done.
JORGE VALCOURT: Okay, I see if I got it. Where should I see it? In my.
janete Cardenas: In my channel or in the channel I'm gonna send?
Adam Harrison: Yeah, it should be on the left hand side where there's channels. It'll probably be on the. There's a.
janete Cardenas: It's external. External connection.
JORGE VALCOURT: Yeah, I got it.
Adam Harrison: Perfect. Can we add any other folks? Jorge, Janet. And I mean, we can just kind of start with this and as relevant, pull people in if needed.
JORGE VALCOURT: Yeah, that's. That's it. It's going to be only us. Us three.
Adam Harrison: Perfect.
JORGE VALCOURT: Okay, so what I'm going to do is I'm going to go through that folder, Adam, today, after we finish this meeting, see what we have in that folder and send it over to you through Slack so you can with Nate and the rest of the team. And if there is something you don't see in there that you need, please let me know so we can work on it and put it back in that folder.
Adam Harrison: Perfect. I will. Yeah, I will review as soon as you have it. And Jorge, Janet, is Slack the best place for us going forward to kind of trade notes on things if there's things that are missing or other questions?
JORGE VALCOURT: It is certainly the fastest way to communicate with us. I mean, email, we can do email too, but it isn't as fast as we are on black. I don't know how many hours a day. At least eight hours a day.
Adam Harrison: Same here. So that works.
JORGE VALCOURT: Okay, so we can do it through Slack. Did you receive the emails from Advanced and Collab?
Adam Harrison: I did get Collab, so I was able to create an account for Chris there. Let me check if I missed the. Because we should have got one for Advanced.
JORGE VALCOURT: I don't. I don't remember if they sent an email out. I just created the account today. If you didn't receive it, I can send you the login information so you can join later today or tomorrow.
Adam Harrison: Okay, that. Yeah, I did not get an email.
Adam Harrison: Collab MD is good. Advanced there. Nothing came through on that one yet.
JORGE VALCOURT: Okay, that's fine. I can take care of it today too. But you're good.
Adam Harrison: Thank you. Great.
JORGE VALCOURT: Anything else you want to cover, Adam, or was it only.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, yeah, maybe I'll share my screen. I'll just kind of come back to that document that I shared over email with kind of the. The different data items here. Sorry. Let me find the right tab. All right, Let me know if this is all sharing. So I'll kind of. I think this is. This is done, right, this one. You know, Jorge, you're gonna.
JORGE VALCOURT: That's pending.
Adam Harrison: I'll send it to you today. That's pending. This one is done. Portal logins for. I think, you know, you probably just need to. Either. We can do two things here. One is we could just use your existing login, but ideally. Just to keep things clean, if you could add us as a user just that same email address, that's probably the cleanest way for any portals you use. Okay.
JORGE VALCOURT: Dana, did we speak about you doing it?
janete Cardenas: Yes, I'm going to do the ability one, but he has to send me his email.
JORGE VALCOURT: Okay. Do you want to use the same one we used for the same one?
Adam Harrison: I'll put it in Slack. So it's here. But that is the best email. Just so everything is consistent. So. Yeah, I'm not sure what the full list is here, but you know, depending on your, your pay or mix, it'd be great to get, to get all the different portals.
JORGE VALCOURT: Ebony, looking at that list, do you see anything we're missing? We have Ability Optimum United only what we need to submit claims or get updates on rules and guidelines, eligibility.
janete Cardenas: Yeah, Sunshine Catalon. So I, I know what they're missing.
JORGE VALCOURT: Okay.
Adam Harrison: So you know Janice.
janete Cardenas: Yes, I know what I'm missing. I'm gonna work on that tomorrow. Thank you.
Adam Harrison: All right, I think we can keep going down the list here. So all the payer documents, I think that's, that's, you know, Jorge, you said you're going to review and share in Slack, so I think we're, we're good there. In addition to the payer documents, it would be great to get and this can be pretty broad because this goes into our, you know, AI engine. So it can really take a lot of different shapes and forms depending what you have. But for example, if you have any training or onboarding documents for new clinicians joining, if you have any rules around coding or billing that you know your billing team follows for him, or any other rules that just are, or how you like to operate your practice, how you like to do billing, how you like notes to look, coding to be done, that all can be basically set as an input into our AI engine. And so this is kind of an open ended one. There's not a, you know, it's not like payer documents where we know exactly what we're looking for. It's kind of, it depends a little bit more about what you have. That could be a source of rules or guidance that we want to. Feed into our AI.
janete Cardenas: Okay. Okay.
JORGE VALCOURT: Yeah. I think we can share with you the training documents we we use for the new providers. We shall have something that we can share with you as far as billing. We can. Do you have a document on it?
Adam Harrison: Yes.
janete Cardenas: Okay. I will send it to him tomorrow as well.
JORGE VALCOURT: Okay.
Adam Harrison: Okay, thank you. Just gonna take these up.
Eboni Mobley: I do have a question. I do have a question with you. Feeding the AI system, Would there be. Do you have where when we are hiring new staff where we can actually use to train the staff on in regarding to the system versus actually using live accounts, will we be able to create dummy accounts to utilize for our staff to train them?
Adam Harrison: Can you say a little more? What you mean like are you what kind of staff?
Eboni Mobley: I guess like if the mas come aboard the providers, we can versus using a live account where there can you guys create a dummy account for us to utilize over repetitive. So when we get new staff that comes in new providers, they know how to do the intakes and so forth. We wouldn't have to utilize live accounts to do that.
JORGE VALCOURT: Hey Ebony, this is. Go ahead, Nate.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, hey Ebony, this is Nate. So few things. One, any new team members can create a free account under this new Valcor plan once you guys are starting to build with us. So you know that that shouldn't be super challenging when it comes to training and dummy accounts. We load example dummy notes into the old accounts or sorry into the new accounts and we also do training with any new staff members. So anyone you need us to kind of teach the program to, we're happy to take that on for you.
Eboni Mobley: Oh, okay. So there's no extra fee for us when we do that.
Nathan Peereboom: If your staff. For each of the staff who's billing through Jot Psych, there's no subscription fee.
JORGE VALCOURT: This is only right now, Ebony, this is only for Valcord. Okay. After I. After I review and sign that document, that other document for pic, then we're gonna cover other things for people for now. This is only, only Valkyrie.
Eboni Mobley: Okay, thank you.
Adam Harrison: Awesome. And I think I'm just looking at the list here. This is included in the payer docs above. So I'm going to take that to number four and five here. Janet, we talked about these yesterday when we were together. We mentioned that there were sort of a few different spreadsheets. I think they were probably Excel spreadsheets. It sounded like that you would manage and they would. These would be kind of two different things. One would be requests that would go from billing to the clinicians with basically edit or fix requests. And it would be like a list of all the different issues. And then the second one is any sort of, like, appeal tracking spreadsheet that you maintained kind of separately. Those would also be helpful pieces of context for the AI engine. And also, as we do our initial kind of onboarding.
JORGE VALCOURT: You're. You're muted, Janet. We cannot hear you.
janete Cardenas: I will send you those two as well tomorrow. Okay.
Adam Harrison: Thank you.
janete Cardenas: Yeah. Informed.
Adam Harrison: Thank you. Thank you. Okay, I'm just going to tag you this here.
JORGE VALCOURT: Adam, I think that once. Once you receive the training document that specifies what you'll go in a node, but we have those guardrails. I think that's gonna take care of the fixed requests. Okay. At least most of them.
Adam Harrison: Okay. It'll be helpful to see, like, where. Where the common kind of challenges tend to happen. Okay. But. But yes, agreed. Like, if that training doc is pretty thorough, that I totally agree. Should take care of a lot of downstream things.
JORGE VALCOURT: Yeah. Janet, I think you should touch base with Chris in case there is something that she sees a lot that the clinicians miss, that we can add it to the list and we don't have to go over this again.
janete Cardenas: Okay, perfect.
Adam Harrison: The other two things here we had for documents were we talked at the beginning yesterday about kind of the front desk activities, and some of those calls were recorded. As far as, like, initial intakes. This is a little bit more optional. It's not as required, but would be a helpful data point as well for training.
JORGE VALCOURT: Let me ask you, I know we spoke about this yesterday, but what's the final goal here with the intake calls? What do you expect to teach the system?
Adam Harrison: Yeah, this. This one is me. I don't recall exactly because I think Jackson was kind of primarily leading that part of the conversation. Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. I think that the goal here, Jorge, was just to have a look at. How and what is collected for insurance information up front in case we wanted to put together like an intake form for y' all that was more useful or, you know, or just kind of get a sense of things that should be, you know, maybe asked up front that aren't being asked. It's really just a baseline to understand what information is being intaked. But to be totally clear, like if you don't, if this is a hassle, like, let's not. There's no pressure on this one. Our impression was that it was like super easy to forward one of these recordings, but if it takes literally anything longer than 43 seconds, let's not do it.
JORGE VALCOURT: No, no, it's fine. I mean, we can, we can download a few. We have to search for the right phone call when they ask the right information. That's gonna, that's gonna take a little bit more time. But downloading the, the recording shouldn't take. Shouldn't take long at all. But let me ask from this to see if they can find a few phone calls, and once they do, we download it and, and send it to you. That shouldn't be. That shouldn't be too hard. I went through the forms you have on Jotsack today. The templates you guys have, and the intake template you have in there is pretty good. So that's the same if it's. That's pretty close to what we ask. If not the same to what they ask in front desk.
Nathan Peereboom: Oh, interesting. Okay, great. That's what we like to hear.
JORGE VALCOURT: Yeah. Okay, wanna. Go ahead. Adam, I'm sorry.
Adam Harrison: Yep. No, no, no, thank you. That, that's. That all sounds good. And then the last thing here, just related to the recordings is the actual form itself, which again, kind of optional, but. But a. Nice to have.
JORGE VALCOURT: Yeah, that's fine. I created today I created a form, the intake form, a template for the intake that I can share with you guys. It's on the. It's on the peak. On the peak account, though I don't know if you can download it from, from that account and use it for Valcord or if. If you need me to create one at one of the Valcor accounts, we can do it too.
Adam Harrison: Oh, you created it in job site, you're saying?
JORGE VALCOURT: Yeah.
Adam Harrison: Oh, yeah. We can totally access and pull that down if that's what you want to use. Which. This. We just think we need to know which account it's in.
JORGE VALCOURT: It's the info. One info at springs. Dr.
Adam Harrison: Okay. Info.
JORGE VALCOURT: It was created today.
Adam Harrison: The account was created today or sorry. Their template was created. Yeah. Okay. All right, Sounds good. We can just kind of take a look at that. That's probably easiest, so I'll put that on my plate. Great. I think, yeah. Other than that we, all this other stuff sort of comes downstream from when we have access to the lab and advanced md, we can access a lot of the things we need directly, so we won't need to ask you for everything. If there's things that are missing, we can follow up over slack. But you know, things like organization id, you know, Tax id, a lot of that stuff lives within these systems.
Adam Harrison: We can, we can pull a lot of that out ourselves. We don't need to bog you down with more, more requests than needed. And you know, these, these last things here kind of come down to some of your dillings defaults and frankly, clinical defaults. A lot of this is probably going to be captured in some of the other, like maybe onboarding documents, for example. But if you have other policies that we should be aware of, for example, no shows or a cash pay rate table that's different than your other kind of rate cards that you have for insurance. Things like sliding scale patience or things that we should be aware of. Anything that is relevant from a billing standpoint that we should know about that might not be captured in one of these other documents.
Adam Harrison: We just want to flag that, that would be helpful to collect, whether it's informally, just right now, kind of verbally, and we can make note of it, or if there's some other documents somewhere we're missing.
JORGE VALCOURT: Yeah, that's, that's one thing I don't know we need to talk about. Those are very rare cases.
JORGE VALCOURT: I would say 1% of all the patients we see in a month have a special rate. So I think that's something we can cover, but I don't know how you're going to implement it in your system for those cases.
Adam Harrison: I mean, if it's, if it's an edge case, we can, we can kind of just pause on this and handle things in more real time as we get closer. You know, if it was something where you were telling me you have a significant portion of your patients that are cash pay and you know, it sounds like it's not really relevant though.
JORGE VALCOURT: We need to go over it though, so you know what's going on and you can, if there is a visit, you can put the right information to that visit. But right now I think if we cover the CPT codes with the, with a reimbursement rate, you're gonna be covering much of the, of the claims and the visits we have in the clinics.
Adam Harrison: Perfect. Perfect.
Eboni Mobley: Awesome.
Adam Harrison: Well, in that case, I think. We can probably wrap up early here. I can send around kind of consolidated like next steps for each person just because there were like quite a few different things here. So we're tracking everything. I'll do that in Slack. Just I think we should kind of make the migration over there at this point.
JORGE VALCOURT: Sounds good. Sounds good. So I will be working on the advanced log in. So you have it today. If you want to play with it tonight, you can do it. And anything else, just shoot us a message through Slack and we, we will take care of it.
Adam Harrison: Perfect. Thank you everyone. Yeah, we'll. We'll get rolling on this quickly and yeah, excited to get this. Get this in motion.
JORGE VALCOURT: Sounds great. Okay.
Adam Harrison: Adam, thank you.
JORGE VALCOURT: Thank you, Nate.
Nathan Peereboom: Thank you.
Eboni Mobley: Have a great night.
JORGE VALCOURT: Take care now. Bye, Ebony. Thank you.
Eboni Mobley: Bye. You're welcome. Bye.
Nathan Peereboom: Bye.
Eboni Mobley: Bye.
janete Cardenas: Bye.