Christopher Hume: That's exciting, John.
Jon Baer: I've got another one that I'm responding to once we're off to. She at least got back to my email just saying I'm using an AI scribe right now. But she didn't say.
Christopher Hume: Didn't say.
Jon Baer: No, you gave me a. She said two. Not the right time. Check back later in the year. Okay. I want to just. I'll probably say that's great. You know, something like. That's great to hear. Glad you're, like, kind of on the forefront of, you know, seeing what I can do. You know, we do a lot more, you know what I mean, than just your typical scribe. I might just. That little blurb, you know what I mean, that you like. What is Jaw Psych? I might put that in there.
Christopher Hume: Yeah, the stuff that's about, like, revenue and audit protection.
Jon Baer: Yeah, yeah.
Christopher Hume: It's like, it's crazy how much people want to learn about that.
Jon Baer: Yeah.
Christopher Hume: Like, I'm not sure if you've been kind of tracking in the chat, but, like, Jack and Emily have just been calling existing customers and just racking up the meetings of people like, oh, that sounds really interesting. So I think. I think this is going to be the. The thing that starts to crack it here.
Jon Baer: Well, it's because insurances are. Have been lethal lately.
Jon Baer: Like, yeah, we just got out of a massive Harvard Pilgrim audit and just in a massive one with Aetna as well. And. And they're. They're just, like, you know, just really reviewing a lot of these insurances. They're just, like, reviewing, like, what they're, you know, what they're gonna pay. They're trying to do clawbacks. They're trying to just save money, like, every which way, you know, because you got to think, like, think how much they're paying out to places that we, you know, behavioral health, mental health is, like, rampant, you know, right now. So all these insurances are paying like crazy. So they're trying to mitigate costs in every which way. And it's the therapists that end up, you know, like, getting hosed. So everything, like, has to be perfect as far as. Because there's such a gray area in the way that the guidelines are written through insurances because they want to make it up to interpretation so that when they come back and say, hey, this doesn't follow our guidelines because it's in gray and it's up into interpretation, they can interpret it the way they want, you know, and say, this is wrong. So. So we're not going to pay you for it.
Christopher Hume: So yeah, it's. And I think the other thing that we've started to notice, and I wonder if you've seen this as well, is that a lot of clinics are a little. You see this with some of your colleagues. They're a little. I don't know, I feel like some are a little lackadaisical with their billing department, where it's like the admin person is also doing coding, and it's just like. Putting them in a position where it's like, we've seen this a few times now where it's like, oh my God, like this person did not come on to be a biller and now they're doing all the billing and then these super aggressive insurance companies are trying to get every nickel they can back.
Christopher Hume: Yeah, it's kind of a situation. A bad situation.
Jon Baer: Yeah, yeah, definitely a big, big disconnect.
Christopher Hume: So in terms of our project, I mean I think we have our signal, John. Like we put around 130 people through two flows. First flow was a flame out. Second flow, we clearly have tons of issues with data fidelity and data integrity. But a prospect to book ratio completely cold of over 1%.
Jon Baer: I'm not even through them yet either.
Christopher Hume: No, you're not, you're not.
Jon Baer: Like I, I also, I have to be careful because like when I set up my mornings too as well, you know, you know that gets to be kind of sometimes a call task. So I'm like not putting in new ones. But also like when you get into new emails. Right. Like I had like, I had to send out like I think 40 or something. But I have to parse them out.
Christopher Hume: Yeah.
Jon Baer: Because if I send out more than like, I think it's like eight or something, they'll kick back automatically from. Remember, Remember I was saying that
Christopher Hume: you can't let me add that to my to do list. Figure out. Yeah. Email kickback HubSpot. Because that like sucks. That's like a huge.
Jon Baer: So it's, it's an easy workaround. I just send later and I just, yeah, three hours. I send out eight, you know, you know, manage that and do that. Right. But I want to make sure, you know, I'll send eight and then I'll parse out the rest like every three hours, you know, so they'll kind of go in. Some of those stay in. You know what I mean? Like the, yeah, today kind of like sequence. So it's a little bit confusing in a way because it's like, wait, am I sending this guy an email?
Jon Baer: I do it wanting to schedule things so I shouldn't. And then when I resend new ones, I have to make sure like I, you know, I have to send them at a, you know, a good time to get new ones in or else it just won't even, won't even send.
Christopher Hume: Let me, I wonder if that's like a limit. Like I wonder. Yeah, I just need to check like what's going on there. Like is that a, is that just like our subscription level, where it's like, no, no, no. Or do they just throttle how many you can send through?
Jon Baer: I think they start, I think, from what I read within, like, the HubSpot on that was. They do it like that because the more that you bulk send, it'll land in people's spam because.
Jon Baer: Okay, I think.
Christopher Hume: Yeah, that makes sense. And I mean, like, our emails have enough issues.
Christopher Hume: Yeah, it's a nightmare. Okay, so that's good. And yeah, I mean, imagine if we got you good data and you weren't getting email kickbacks and the phone numbers worked.
Jon Baer: Where we'd be. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Christopher Hume: So we're gonna. We're gonna scale this up. So just so you know, we're building up the process now to just like, this is what we're gonna do. I think you're going to be tip of the spear. We're gonna have Emily and Jack doing pretty similar stuff. I'm probably going to start assigning, like, specific deals to people, like we do with you now, but we're going to do it with all of you. So you all have deals that you're tracking as soon as the person attends a meeting and Joe's intent. I'll handle it from there. But we're. I don't think much is going to change for you. You're already kind of doing a lot of that.
Christopher Hume: But we're just gonna, we're gonna full send it over the next month and see if we can start to ramp this up.
Jon Baer: Cool.
Christopher Hume: And so let's like, be. Let me just be a little more thoughtful about this. So what's working? What's not working? Is there anything you think I should change? So first, what's working here, John?
Jon Baer: There's. I don't think there's like, much. It's kind of like a spray and pray and like a, you know, hope, you know, kind of thing, you know, So I think what I've at least seen work over the last week or so has been the, like you said, the revenue and the audit protection and the audit risk. Like that. When I said that, I think it was a slack was like, hey, what I'm noticing is like, this is resonating and landing with people in a way because I see a lot more clicks. I see a lot more action. I don't necessarily see anything booked quite yet, but, you know.
Christopher Hume: But now you do.
Jon Baer: We're opening. Yeah, now. Yeah, now that I do. I've gotten a response, another, you know, response back. I've had a, you know, a few people, you know, on the phone. You know, I. The only. It's like. And I talked to one of my close buddies at a tech place I used to work at, you know, seismic, and was like, you know, how is. How are things going? And he's like, you know, listen, like, it's not like 20, 20, 22. Like people can't get people on the phone know. It's like their SDRs are having such a hard time with people answering and picking up. And even in our business, I think it's even harder because, you know, our guys are in back to back to back to back meetings, you know, you know, all the time. So. Because I was kind of picking his brain on like, man, like I'm, I'm not getting like really anything or even like some, like a lot of the numbers sometimes, like I don't even put it in there. They're just, it just goes straight to voicemail. It's not even like rings. I don't even know if it's a bad number, a good number. And I just kind of.
Christopher Hume: We're getting smoked because, because you can turn on like spam screening now on iPhones.
Jon Baer: Yeah.
Christopher Hume: And I'm sure that's murdering us. Yeah, yeah. But I mean, again, like, we talk to like a pretty legitimate. Like growth marketer at a different tech company. She's advising us her SDR team will do like 4,700 calls in a. In a week, in a good week. Or they'll put 4,700 people through a week sequence. And a good week is that they will come out with like 40, 42 meetings. So they're per week coming out under under 1%. So, yeah, I think we need to continue to improve and there's definitely stuff we can improve. Like, we need to get you better numbers. But I also think, like, part of it is just the name of the game that, like, we just need as many as we can get at the top and just pray. Yeah.
Jon Baer: Yep.
Christopher Hume: Okay. So that's. So the messages. That's working. What's not working? It just seems like the channel isn't as productive as it once was. Anything specifically about, like, our structure that you think we should change?
Jon Baer: Not, like, no. I mean, like I said, like, I'm still going through them, you know, As far, like, the emails have looked good. Like, I've tweaked the emails a little bit. Okay. Just on, like, what I felt was like a little bit. I don't want to say, like, better, but just a better flow. Maybe some more spaces, you know, to kind of like, take it up. But no, I mean, nothing. Nothing really, like, stands out. It's just, you know, the hopes, it. Timing and there's urgency around it or that they're not getting what they want from whatever it is that they're already using.
Christopher Hume: Yeah. And so a request for you, John, when you. So that's awesome that you had someone finally respond and be like, oh, reach out later. So, like, have your back and forth. Let's see if we can book her. But if she doesn't, can. I've created a new part of our deal flow called, called Return to Later. Could you create a deal and put it in there for her if that happens? Because, like, we're going to have, like, a big group that we could start hitting in like, a month. Yeah. And, like, I think that's also the value here. Right? Like, we're building pipeline.
Jon Baer: Yeah.
Christopher Hume: Yeah.
Jon Baer: That's what it is. We have to be cognizant of, like, what people are saying, you know, like, even those other ones, it's like, check back in in July, check back in in June.
Christopher Hume: When I hear what I've.
Jon Baer: Like, those are all people that, like, we need to have tasks for. Just. We just can't forget because that's. That's kind of how, like, you said, because everything is building pipe, you know, like that.
Jon Baer: That's pretty much it. So whether it's a. A booked meeting now or, you know, something potentially in the future, It's all kind of pipe as far as that goes. What was I going to say? The only. Yeah, the only other thing is really it's tough in a 22nd call when someone does not want to hear a cold call to somehow differentiate yourself from an AI scribe as just being an AI scribe or, or them getting confused on being an ea, us being an ehr.
Christopher Hume: And that's what we're.
Jon Baer: So that from the conversations I've had, had, it's been very, it's been kind of challenging on being able to cold pitch in the right way as far as like what we are and like what we're able to do because it's like people get confused a little bit. They're like, well, we already have an ehr. And I'm like, well, so we're not in, you know, so this is, you know, we integrate with. And we actually, you know, this is what we do. We save clinicians, you know, all that kind of stuff. And then it's like, oh well, EHR can like do that. And then it's like, you know, that's trying to. They're already kind of like in a defensive mode, kind of like off put, you know. So being able to kind of combat, I guess what we do on just a general, you know, cold call has been a little bit, at least challenging for me. It was definitely easier on the other ones because it was like, oh yeah, we know Jaw Tyke. Like, you know, we had used you or seen you or something like that for this.
Christopher Hume: It's like, okay, that's, that's good feedback. I'll put some thought into how, what we want our hook to be and like, frankly, I need to spend some time this week just like calling myself. But that's good feedback. And we'll be kind of rejiggering the scripts and stuff next week. So I have some thoughts for you. Anything else, John?
Jon Baer: No, that's it. I'm pumped. I was ready.
Jon Baer: I was at the task and I was hitting call and I was like, wait, what is this? And then I seen it and I seen it all laid out and it was like 18 clinicians. And then 30th, I was like, wait, is this booked? I was like, yeah, that's so awesome.
Christopher Hume: It worked, baby, it worked. So funny. No response to the email. Nothing. Just book all I need. Yeah, all we need. I don't, Yeah, I don't care. The other thing, John, is just like, and this is just curiosity. So we know like how we need to allocate resources, what percentage would you say of your time is spent on stale deal tasks versus cold outbound for January?
Jon Baer: Honestly, I would say like 90%. I've been doing cold outbound. Yeah, I've gotten. A few of this. Like, I don't even know if you guys have added deals on, to be honest with you, within my. My stale one. Unless I've got an email or unless you, like, ping me and say, hey, can you try to, you know.
Jon Baer: Yeah, that guy. And then the other is like, people that are just continuing finishing up with their flows within there, but I haven't really put, like, much of a focus.
Christopher Hume: No, no, no, that's. That's good. I just am wondering, like, I know you've been working this much. We've been able to do this many. Like, we've been able to go through this many leads. We've gotten this many booked. And I just want to make sure that I'm taking into consideration that you do have two jobs. Like, you're also doing a little bit of the stale stuff. So 9010 is perfect. I just want to make sure that I have that in my head when I'm figuring out how we're going to scale this process up so I know, like, what's reasonable. Like, you're pretty close to 100%.
Jon Baer: That's good. And I. Yeah, and I would say, like, because my. My brain goes like two or three different places, you know what I mean, at a time, so it might take me a little bit longer to get in. You know, I. I would assume, like Jack and what's her name. It. It. You know, once you get a pretty good flow, it's easy. It's like, I'm getting. I get out of my flow, I get in my flow. You know what I mean? It takes a little bit of time to just kind of like, get out. I will say the. I don't know if, like the. The HubSpot sequence sometimes, like, I don't know if we can. When you have an email task, if you can just have the call task be the next day.
Christopher Hume: Yeah, I can do that.
Jon Baer: That of like, right after. Because what happens? Okay, I send the email, then they come right back in the due today column.
Christopher Hume: And.
Jon Baer: Yeah, which is. Which is fine. But like, yeah, you know, they're in a mixture of, like, all the calls. So, like, I'm trying to pick ones out that are like, it's like, you know, just a minute ago or like, whatever. They kind of like, get. Get back in. And for myself, it gets a little bit overwhelming because I'm a guy that's like, I don't want anything overdue, you know, do the task.
Christopher Hume: Do the task.
Christopher Hume: Then you do the task, and it gives you an immediate new one. You're like yeah, yeah.
Jon Baer: So that's one thing like if you know and again I'm a big like let somebody mow it over if they, you know, see an email instead of giving a call. And if I feel like, you know, if I if I look and I see that someone's opened it like four times like a row, like I'll just call them like one off, you know, and just say, you know. But that's one thing that gets a little bit tricky on it, you know, other than that, like yeah, okay, this is perfect.
Christopher Hume: I'm gonna make those changes. So again John, what I'm going to look at is hooks to better articulate job bill and. And yeah, just fixing giving you a little bit of time in between your tasks. So since we're all starting to come together and we're all going to be working on the same things. I think it probably makes sense for us to probably, starting next week, have everyone on the weekly SDR call. Is there a time on Fridays that works for you, John?
Jon Baer: I mean, not Fridays. I'm. I'm pretty. Pretty good. I mean, I. I really have a 12:30 meeting, and then it depends. Like, sometimes I'll have, like, intakes on.
Jon Baer: Yeah, Fridays, like when I'm. When I'm down there.
Christopher Hume: So then I'm gonna make you. If there's some following events, if you want to start attending those Friday calls, I think that's probably a good place for us all to just, like, get on the same page and, like. Yeah, just make sure that all the info is being shared across the team, because we're all basically going to be doing the same stuff. And if it turns out that, like, I don't know, you end up intakes at 11:30 on Fridays, let me know and we can tweak that time.
Jon Baer: Okay. Next Friday I'm gonna be out.
Christopher Hume: Yeah, that's fine.
Jon Baer: That's fine. Okay.
Christopher Hume: Awesome, John, I'll let you get back to the. The grind. One of your.
Jon Baer: The following many jobs. Not this Friday, but the following Friday. I'm gonna be out the sixth, just to give you all good. All right.
Christopher Hume: Thanks for great work, John. I'm getting fired up. I'm getting fired up.
Jon Baer: Let's go. Thanks, Chris. Later.