Antoinette Taylor: How are you?
Nathan Peereboom: Antoinette, I'm sorry. Your name was occluded by part of my Google video. I apologize, Antoinette.
Antoinette Taylor: No problem. How are you?
Nathan Peereboom: I'm great. I'm great. It's so nice to meet you. Where in the country are you?
Antoinette Taylor: I'm in ontario, california.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay. Cool. Cool. I appreciate you making time for me today. My name is nate. I'm the CEO and co founder of jot psych. Are you a jot psych user right now?
Antoinette Taylor: I am.
Nathan Peereboom: Amazing.
Nathan Peereboom: Well, tell me about yourself. I mean, I know that we signed up to talk about billing, but just before we get there, tell me about who you see, what your life is in Ontario, California, all that good stuff.
Antoinette Taylor: Well, it's just me. Most of my where I am a busy person and I'm busy with. Work, church, my sorority. So I do a lot of things day to day. I am currently launching my own business and I currently use job site. That's why I'm sitting here today on my day off. I don't have no charts because I do them all. Job site makes it very easy and so I was looking at a couple platforms to add into my website and what I wanted to use. That was really easy. And so I met with them. I met with the other ones a couple weeks ago. Talking about that I used outside now. So I was wondering how the building platform works, because I pay 150 now. So the other competitors were around 200, 225, contingent on what you wanted. So I wanted to see what jot Psych had to offer as far as how to add this into my website. That would make it easier. For my clients. If I can just add, like, a job site link and they can get in. But I think they told me that I would have to add the patients. Myself at this time.
Nathan Peereboom: We are about to roll out the exact thing you're talking about, which is basically a calendar page on your website where someone can just be like, oop, I'm going to pay a cocaine, and I'm going to schedule time with you.
Antoinette Taylor: Yes.
Nathan Peereboom: Just. Can you tell me a little bit about your practice? Because that's something where, I mean, I could basically set up a demo in two weeks to show you that
Antoinette Taylor: I currently work for someone and the company was paying for job site. As a perk, but I didn't want to be tied to them. And so when I knew that I wanted to branch out on my own, I enjoy outside because, like I said, it's the ease of use for me. And when I'm done, I want to be done and not worry about charting, so. I work about nine to six, a few days a week back to back to back. So I still continue to use they develop their own AI and I still continue to pay for job site on my own because I'm used to it.
Antoinette Taylor: So I am going to partner with a therapist. Practice, where I'll just do their intakes. My own business, of course. But in order to build my platform, there are some patients that are in therapy that may need medication management. So I'm making myself available for that because therapists, they want to burn sage and tinkle bells and all of that stuff, but. Sometimes it takes a little bit more. Therapy is mental health, but sometimes a little medication is not needed. For sure. Because we're not seeing people get better just through therapy. And I want to be a part of that change. I take medicine myself. It has helped me. A mild antidepressant. It has helped me remarkably. I never would have taken any medication, but it came a time in my life where I had to. And I'm functional in a way that I can tell the difference when I don't have the medication. So it does help me. So I'm an advocate for taking care of the person all the way around. I don't want to see people struggling, still struggling. If they just need something, it's just a boost or something. I don't do all those weird medications and multiple medications. I do what's best for the patient contingent based on their symptoms, so that's where I am. So I just signed my contract with Aetna, which is great. So I'm like, okay. All right. I'm working with a conditioner. I'm doing three at a time, so we're good. And then I just got to let her that I was credentialed for Molina, but I just need to reach out to them to see if I'm credentialed on my own or is that through a practice? So through the practice. I'm currently working for. I'm looking for that as I'm working with my website developer. I was going to try I can notes and I did a demo with them but because I'm already used to job site, I just kind of care for that because I didn't want to learn again. Because at least I see the audit. The chart audit that's popping up now. That's a real good thing in job site. And I love how it tells me. Like, you remember I saw AB two weeks ago and there's ad pops up to say, do you want to just add another session? So you don't have to go back through all the charting. It's right there in front of you.
Nathan Peereboom: Totally okay. Just so I understand, Antoinette, it's not like you have this dream to build like a full practice you've got. You're still figuring out the website. You're still figuring out the ehr you use. You're getting credentialed. What is to you the thing that you're most feeling like? Oh, man. If someone could help me with this. Even if I've got an emotion already, this is the real thing that I would want. Because all the things you described, we do. We build websites for people, we do credentialing, we do billing. We're a full ehr that has e prescription inside of it. And you wouldn't have to pay for e prescription for your therapists if they were on the platform, too. So we do everything that you are wanting, but I want to help kind of direct you to the part of the product that you would find most helpful, because that's probably what you need to know about. Anyways, if you're going to make a decision.
Antoinette Taylor: Yes. I need to understand the billing platform. So I know that most companies have these clearinghouses, which I think is a very good deal. But I'm very cautious about the approach because I do not do fraud. Do not do fraud. I want to work with someone who is ethical and understand it's my name. I want them to value my name just as much as I would hope they value their. So the clearinghouse and the billing is really important for me because I see a lot of people getting in trouble. I don't want to get in trouble. I just want to do the right thing with the billing, so I want to. With the billing. Looks like.
Nathan Peereboom: Well, let me show you how we do it. So, it all starts with this program called Shot Audit. So, in jot Audit, what you do is you upload, you send us all your documents, and we create all these rules within them.
Antoinette Taylor: Okay?
Nathan Peereboom: And what those rules do is on any given note, they'll actually grade the note for you to tell you what you're missing or requiring. Oh, sorry, this is an old. Let me pull up. This one. Let's see. Okay, great. So what we'll do is we'll basically tell you, hey, based on the rules that you've told us you want to follow. Here's the code we'd recommend, and here's where you've broken any of these rules. So what's great about this is you can change the note should you choose, or you can decide. Hey, you know what? I'm actually not going to charge for a 99213 because in order to adhere to the rules, I would have to commit fraud, and I don't want to do that. So what this does is it gives you full control over your own ability to be comfortable with what's being built. And when you submit it, then we take care of everything after that. But it is based on us wanting to also be pretty above board and take it off your plate. Like, cognitively. We don't want you to think about it every time. We want you to be able to know, hey, I wrote my rules. I see the code. I know that that's the right code. I just don't want to do all the paperwork for it.
Antoinette Taylor: Right.
Nathan Peereboom: When you think about billing, how are you planning to do billing?
Antoinette Taylor: Well, I'm still in the process of working out some strategic steps of this. Okay. I can get patients because I have referrals, But I want to learn the actual. I don't want to be so involved, but I just want to have a concept of what happens with billing. So I submit the note. It goes to the billing clearinghouse, right? They tell me if I need to fix something. If I don't, then they submit it to the insurance company. Am I correct? Is that how it goes? I can't hear you.
Nathan Peereboom: Let me show you kind of the whole process, just so you can see it. Okay? All right. So this is how it works. Basically, we tell you if the patient's eligible. You do the encounter. We already have a drought tech note. These notes are though pair aware. So we have all your pair documentation. So the notes are written in accordance with those the rules we looked at in the documents. You sign it and you're done. Now, we also provide you with a dashboard that shows you how your business is doing. And then we'll meet with you once a month to walk you through it. So that's it? There's nothing more to it?
Nathan Peereboom: Antoinette, there's a lot on our side that we do. So the eligibility checks, we've used AI to make those really high quality. We're doing pairware documentation. As you know, the clean claim generation is rules based. So we're making sure that we're not submitting a claim that's going to get kicked back. When somebody does get kickback, we write an auto appeal and you can just sign off on it, and then we send it. Because we want to create a really tight feedback loop between should there be a denial or response? One of the things that we see when we do analyses of how people lose money. Is a lot of times people lose money just by the insurance company taking three to six months to pay them. Part of what we're saying to you is not only are we going to make sure that what you submit is good, And gets reimbursed at a high rate or a fair rate, I should say, not higher than what it should be. But the other thing is, we make sure that there's not a very large lag between when we submit and when the insurance company is able to pay you. Exactly. Antoinette, do you bill anyone right now?
Nathan Peereboom: Do you have a billing record? No. Okay.
Antoinette Taylor: Because that works for someone else.
Nathan Peereboom: Got it. Okay.
Antoinette Taylor: With that because we have to be really careful. Because a lot of these doctors want to just pay you under the doctor. No, I want to be credentialed and paid.
Nathan Peereboom: I understand that.
Antoinette Taylor: I know that it could take three to six months for payment. My thing is I have to keep working somewhere else until I'm able to know a good payment, stability, stable payments. So I can say, I can do this. I can take care of myself every month. I can pay myself and take care of my responsibilities. So that's where I'm at. I just don't want to. I see a lot of people getting kickbacks for the upcoming. I want it to be right. I want to be fair. So if you use a 992 and you add a 90, I wanted to make sure that that's right. And someone's looking at and say, yes, you can add this therapy code to this encounter. So, yeah, that's it. But I'm just getting back. Getting going. I was out for about five and a half years with multiple injuries from a fall at work. Then my mom died, and then my man. It's just been a lot. Then I got sick and had emergency surgery. Yeah, I have to be mindful and strategic on the way I approach my overhead. Because I don't want to take a whole bunch of my money that I'm making with the other. I know you have to pay until you have to put into your company, but I don't want to have this huge, enormous billing for my ehr and all these different things I would like to add. As I go, as I grow. So, yeah. So with the 150, I think it came to write at 200 with a bill. If I'm not, I can't even remember the numbers. So let me ask you something about you. Are you a therapist? Are you in mental health? Are you just do this? Kind of stuff.
Nathan Peereboom: Are you the guy? Pardon me.
Antoinette Taylor: Are you the guy on the commercial?
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. No, I'm just the dumb golden retriever who talks about it. No. So. My parents are clinical. My mom is a nurse practitioner. My dad is a neuro oncologist and so I grew up in a medical home. I'm not clinical. I have worked in healthcare on the technology side for years. This is my passion. I love all the things you don't love in your mind. Think about everything you hate. About what it takes to be a clinician these days. That's the stuff that I find to be the most interesting problems to technically solve. I'm just a nerd. I can't help it. I wish I were built different. This is just who I am. I think. In terms of this idea, though, that you're gesturing at, which is, hey, I, Antoinette, want to start my business. But I don't want to sidle that business with all these overhead costs that I may or may not benefit from.
Antoinette Taylor: Right.
Nathan Peereboom: Right. So let me tell you how we do it. Two things. One, everything that you purchase in John's three things. Everything you purchase in Jotsych is a la carte. So if you want to just use our note taking service, just use that. If you want to use that plus eprescription, great. Two. We don't require you to sign any monthly or, like, annual contract with us. You get a discount if you do, but you can go month to month, figure everything out, and then decide to move on. And then three. When it comes to billing, we bill as a percentage of successful collections. So we don't take any money from you until you actually have a check in your hand from an insurance company. And we scale with the amount you bill. And so all of our incentives are aligned, because we want you to. If you're only working with Aetna for the next two months, Three months. You should probably only pay us, like, $12 a month or whatever you're collecting from them.
Nathan Peereboom: It shouldn't actually cost you that much money. And as we build our system and invest in you, We benefit as well. We're partners, so we've designed every part of our pricing system. To be entrepreneur friendly. Like, we're entrepreneurs. We're like, this is a company of people who got together three years ago and really believed in this mission. We're entrepreneurs. We remember what it was like three years ago when we were starting out. We had no money and we were trying to put things together. We've structured the products and the pricing to be really, really friendly to who we imagine our favorite kinds of people are, which are people who are just starting out and trying to build something beautiful. So that's kind of how we think about it.
Antoinette Taylor: Okay, I like that. If that's the true heart of job site, that's pretty impressive, because everybody wants a million dollars, and you just start out, like, even with a therapist office, she had the same concept. She charges $15 an hour. Where can you beat that at for novels? You can't. So she called. These people just get down to school and they have a million dollars worth of student loans. They can't afford eight or nine hundred dollars a month.
Antoinette Taylor: So her thought process was the same. So that's cool. Let me ask you something about the east prescribed.
Antoinette Taylor: Does this go through those spot or doctor first?
Nathan Peereboom: Dose spot.
Antoinette Taylor: Okay. I've never used them at one of my platforms does, but. Okay, so I would need the billing and the EHR in addition to what I pay for already because I paid the 150 for the monthly subscription. I better. What's the name? Okay, I better put some money in there. So I'm job site doesn't turn me down, but yeah. I definitely am really wanting to kind of get an overall price of that and see where we are. My goal is to really stay at 200 with a max of 210, and I don't know if that's doable, but I just need to still be able to see a benefit until I, you know, have got some patience.
Nathan Peereboom: Totally. When do you anticipate you would start seeing patients?
Antoinette Taylor: I'm just waiting right now. Just getting credentialed. I'm credentialed with adna, so I'm going to let her know. That I'm credentialed with that, and I'm just waiting on the I sign the contract. Should I say that for the approval of the thing? But the funny thing, Nate, is I'm credential with a whole bunch of companies. I don't understand why it takes so long. I'VE already. If you've been credentialed through all these companies because you work under somebody else, It shouldn't take you six months to get credentialed if you already credentialed. Please.
Nathan Peereboom: No. Yeah, it's true.
Antoinette Taylor: How long is your conditioning process when your turnaround has been taken?
Nathan Peereboom: Well, it's kind of the same thing as with. I mean, you see that our core technology. Is that we're really good at taking unstructured, messy data and turning into structured data. That's what we do at the notes. We do the same thing with the credentialing. The reason why credentialing takes a long time. Is because the feedback cycles the back and forth with insurance companies. A lot of times the credentialers will hold papers for a week at a time. They'll get something back from an insurance company, they'll wait two weeks to send something back. Because we're AI Driven. We can take what the insurance company gives us and immediately turn it around. We also can give you total transparency so you can see exactly where any credentialing is in your process. So, one thing that I would recommend again, easy. Well, two things. One start seeing Aetna patients with us. We can get you set up right now with Billing. You can start seeing Aetna patients tomorrow, should you choose, and we can build for them. And it's a good way to just get your training wheels on.
Nathan Peereboom: And if you don't want to work with us, that's totally fine.
Antoinette Taylor: No, I'm working with Jack's. Like, I mean, I'M working with that site.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: And then the other thing, though, is if you need help, if you want us to do one credentialing for you or two credentialings again, it's another good way just to see how we work and to, you know, benefit from having everything in one place. Oops, sorry. It's honking.
Antoinette Taylor: How much are your credentialing services per contract?
Nathan Peereboom: So our credentialing is 350 per contract. Yeah. The credentialing service is a little expensive because it's so much work and because what we're doing is trying to move as fast as possible. But with credentialing, what we do is if you decide to credential with us, we roll that as a rebate into your billing. So if you spend $400 with us on credit or $600 with us on credentialing, We won't like the first $600 from billing. We won't charge you for. So we don't want you to. We don't make any money from credentialing. It's just a huge amount of work, honestly. The thing that we. So we don't want to disincentivize people from, you know, using us as a credentialer. And the way that we do that is by rebating it into the billing cost.
Antoinette Taylor: Okay. So I'm. Neat. Yeah. So as soon as I get the contract from Aetna. Yeah. I'm going to be ready because I want to see patients. But see, the thing is getting the patients. Totally. Yeah. Trying to. Figure out how to market because I'm. I'm new and I'm doing things by myself. But because I am, I believe in what God has for me is mine. Right?
Antoinette Taylor: So I don't want to get overwhelmed. That's why I'm just doing one or two at a time, because I. Just want to be consistent. And all the money will come later. I'm going to be blessed so abundantly that I can't even. I can't even imagine what it's going to be like. So I have that kind of faith. I have that kind of crazy faith. So I'm just. Like I can tell her. Hey, girl, I got Adna, okay? She's gonna send me patience for Adna.
Nathan Peereboom: Great. Amazing.
Antoinette Taylor: Yeah. So I'm good with that. So that's where I'm at with that. I'm a little concerned on my website. I'm waiting on the update. So now that I know that. With job site. I can just talk with the so the patient can sign up and then I put everything in job site. And you'll run the insurance.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay.
Nathan Peereboom: All right, so let me show you the pricing on this, just because I want to be transparent about it.
Antoinette Taylor: Okay.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay. So if you're having us involved with billing, there's three different tiers of billing, okay? So. The max billing plan is such that we're doing all your eligibility checks. Those are 90 cents per.
Nathan Peereboom: Just because we get metered on it. We're writing all the pairware documentation, we're submitting and generating the claims. We're doing all the reconciliation between the eras and the contracts. We're also updating all the rules continuously. We're doing automated appeals. Then we're also reconciling the money you receive in a bank account to the money in your contract. Because sometimes there's a difference between what they say they're going to pay you and what actually hits your bank account. We'll do patient collections for you, and then we'll also give you a dedicated billing manager. So that's like the Max and you. Can see that if you want to tear down from that, there's different levels. But that is the general way we do it. So if you decided. Hey, I want to start seeing Aetna patients. The very first thing we do is, I'd set you up with a billing manager. We do like your intake. Probably take 30 minutes, 40 minutes. And then we'd set you up and you'd be ready to go. There wouldn't be anything beyond that. So. So if that's something you want to do, we could, like, get that set up now. And again, there's no commitment. So if you decide, if you get through that process and you're like, I just don't really want to do this, you can walk away. But one thing that's nice about just checking it off your list is that, you know, if you have a referral who's? Like, hey. Antoinette. I want to see you tomorrow. Can you see me tomorrow? You could make that happen, and we could build, build for it. So, okay. Just something to think about.
Antoinette Taylor: So over here on the essentials. So let's start there. So say, for instance, I have a patient that wants to see me. And so I said, well, look. I don't want to deal with the insurance stuff over here. You will check the eligibility for the insurance and let me and I'll know if they're covered, correct?
Nathan Peereboom: Yes, we do that before you see them. So you know if you want to see them or not.
Antoinette Taylor: Okay. And then payer aware documentation and. Coding. That's the. The CPT and the ICB 10. Is that what that is?
Nathan Peereboom: Well, that's basically us taking, let's say you see a net in a patient. We'll take your contract with Aetna. We'll then find all the other, like, audit documents that Aetna puts out, saying, hey, we're Aetna. If we ever decide to audit your clinic, these are the things that we're going to be interested in looking for in your notes. We then structure your note, we'll change your job notes that we know it's hitting every single one of those.
Antoinette Taylor: Yes, yes, yes. Yeah. All right. And then you'll submit.
Nathan Peereboom: Yes, exactly.
Antoinette Taylor: Okay. See, that would be something. So I am. I've signed the contract. I'm just actually waiting for the physical contract. I have my medical provider, so. Yeah, so that will probably be something since I'm just so small, haven't even got a patient load yet maybe to do that. And I. Just need to talk with somebody about a whole package. With the 150 I pay the escribe.
Nathan Peereboom: And I can answer on this. I can give you the answer on this.
Nathan Peereboom: So if you're just doing notes and E prescription, what we'll do is we'll actually bump your jot psych subscription down to $99, and then it's 1. It's $69 for ePrescription. So you're all in would be like 168.
Nathan Peereboom: Of subscription costs, plus whatever this percentage flushes out to after billing.
Antoinette Taylor: Okay. And then to add this. Essentials. What is the cost for that? It's 4% of 6. So how much is that? And you gave me 90 cents per one. But what's the low? The essential one?
Nathan Peereboom: The 90 cents is for the eligibility checks just because we get metered every time we do them.
Nathan Peereboom: So we just don't want people to go crazy clicking the eligibility check button. But it's 4% of whatever UAC we actually win for you. So my guess is that the first few weeks it'll be nothing because it takes a few weeks for an insurance company to pay you, and then it really depends on the volume and the CPT codes you use and all that. But our incentive is we want to get you paid. Like, this is completely structured where. You get, you know, 96% of it. And then we just want to get that to you as fast as possible so that we can, you know, participate.
Antoinette Taylor: All right, so the one thing that the 69 for escribe and then. Are we? With everything added, am I under 210? Is where that salute Max. The billing?
Nathan Peereboom: Probably not. My guess is probably not. Hopefully not, because. Well, two things. One, this is a little bit of an apples or apples to oranges comparison. My guess is that what you're describing with other companies. Doesn't include management of the billing. It doesn't include someone writing that CMS 1500 and like doing any billing management. So this, to be clear, is like a billing service. But, you know, our goal is like, you're. And your goal actually should be that the cost of this billing package is fairly high because that means you're making a lot of money, you know, and that's it. Not yet. But you're not paying anything until you make it, so it's always a percentage. So at 4%, for example. If you were making $10,000 a month, we would make $400 a month.
Antoinette Taylor: So? No. But I want to know what my monthly overhead would be for all of the stuff that I want. You want to write me a package?
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. There's no overhead for this, so it's $0. So it's the 168 for the scribe and the E prescription. For billing. There's no overhead cost.
Antoinette Taylor: I missed that. Okay, it's zero.
Nathan Peereboom: It's zero. There's no upkeep cost.
Nathan Peereboom: We only charge with the percentage.
Nathan Peereboom: There's no overhead.
Antoinette Taylor: Okay. So you have to say it like that. All right, I'm sorry. So that would be what I would be doing about a month, so, yeah. Okay. All right. So then we can always add. But before we go. So, yeah, I want to look at that. And whoever I need to talk with, let me make sure. Let me get the contract in my hand first. Because I signed it today. I'll continue to use my 150 because I love Jacksonite, so just so you know. He said something that caught my attention. Also. You said something about building a website. When you build the website, it will add all of the job site stuff there for me or. Okay. All right, Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. So what we do with the website is we will basically do a tiny interview with you where we're like, hey, what's your value system? What's your belief about how to approach clients? What is the kind of client that you want to work with? What are things that you really don't like that you don't want to crack? And then what we'll do is we'll build copy and imagery that reflects that, and we'll just show it to you. And, you know, we can go back and forth a few times. And then we'll maintain it. So there's a maintenance cost that's around $100 a month for us just to, like, make host it and keep it up and all of that. But, you know, it'll be a place where patients can go. They can just click, book an appointment, and if they're already a patient, they can, you know, they can just go right in and do it, and. And if not, then, you know, then we can gate it and it goes directly on your outside calendar, so. It connects. The front part of patient acquisition to, you know, to actually getting them in the door and again, starting the billing thing and all that jazz.
Antoinette Taylor: Okay, that's good to know because like I said, even though I know, like you said, you start out and sometimes you got to rob Peter to pay Paul and marry to pay I. Get it. So I kind of have myself set up. I do all these other little platforms just for extra money, just so I can have that to cover me, like, for stuff like this. You know what I'm saying? So, you know, out of my main account, out of my main pay, I pay for job site because it's a valuable service for me. Right. So I don't write that off at the end of the year. So the 150 is not a big deal for that. Okay, great. Yeah. So just adding that thing. So I just wanted to be clear on what I would look like in my little cushion account, but it will all be tied to the business, you know, so if I got to have this, an additional 100. Okay, so it's $200 a month for job site. That includes. Okay. All right. Set me up for a website interview.
Nathan Peereboom: Pardon me.
Antoinette Taylor: Go ahead and set me up for the website review.
Nathan Peereboom: Amazing. Okay, great. Why don't we set up a time to do the interview? And we will go from there. Actually, you know what? We could do it right now. Do you have, like, 10 minutes?
Antoinette Taylor: I know.
Nathan Peereboom: All right, great. Hats. Switching hats. Okay, so what I'm going to do, just so you know, is I'm going to take this conversation. And give it to our writing team and our art team, and we're going to create the website based on that, and then we'll turn that around to you, and you can give us feedback.
Antoinette Taylor: Okay, let me get my stuff up. What it is my stuff. I'm on here. I'm just looking for another email. In power. Let me find my document. Okay, I'm here, but I'm looking for my document. Open empower. Helping foundation philosophy. All right. I'm here.
Nathan Peereboom: All right, you ready? Okay, great.
Nathan Peereboom: So, Antoinette, tell me the story of how you got into. Well, sorry. Let me start out with a big, big question. How much of your personal story do you want to be part of your professional identity?
Antoinette Taylor: About 25%.
Nathan Peereboom: 25%. That's a pretty exact number. Well, let's start out with the story. Tell me your story.
Antoinette Taylor: So I am a child born to parents that suffer from mental health and addiction. So I was reared by my grandmother. Very old school, stern bleeds and hard work. And believing in lending a helping hand. So I always knew that I would either be. I wanted to be a doctor first. But then my grandmother was a nurse, so I just follow in the footsteps of the nursing part of my family. And I fell in love with the opportunity to give back to my community because although my parents were. Suffering from addiction and mental health. There were people always available to help them because they were people, right? They saw them as individuals and they knew they were love. They knew the family had a good name. And so as that went on and I started working. I'm a county trained nurse, so my attention really turned to the less fortunate. For those who are written off and those who are not respected because they may be suffering with mental health, whether organic or substance abuse, organic or substance induced brain disorders and things like that. The homeless, the loss of families. So because I'm a county train nurse, I always work with the inner city. So the inner city patient population is near and dear to my heart because most of them suffer from untreated medical conditions, mental health and substance abuse. And so I became a travel nurse, and I came right to California and did the same thing, drop straight into the inner city. And that's kind of how I want it to be known. As someone who is there not just as a professional nurse, but I see you as individuals that suffer from certain conditions, and I pass no judgment. I have sisters. Also that suffer from mental health and addiction. And I always want to be a good nurse because I was not around them. So I repay. I do it up front. Just so I'm like, oh, God. I just hope that they have someone as kind as me. So that's kind of how I got into it. And that's why I work Corrections and ER and psyche are.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. Tell me a bit about the kinds of clients that you particularly love to serve and why. Just give me a little bit of color on that.
Antoinette Taylor: Okay. So I have a profound love for the elder, the seniors. I call them seasonings, because they probably were working individuals who deal with they have to do to support their families. And then people start living their lives and they forget about them. My grandmother. She didn't have to do that at 39 years old. I'm the eldest child, eldest grandchild to come to California to get me my sister. That was six months, four years. And her love for us and the sacrifice that. She gave for us to have a good life. As part of the reason why I really love the seniors. And I was the one that grew up around her mom. I had my grandparents, my great grandparents and my great great grandparents. Along with the aunts and uncles in those generations. So that's part of what I love a lot. I like to work with. I'm not a child advocate for care only because I don't want to feel like I fail the kid. If I'm treating a child, I will be worried to death. After I got off the call with them. Did I do the right thing? Is the parent going to be accepted? Will the child get the best care? So I just stay away from that population because I don't want to feel like I didn't do the right thing because they're one of the most vulnerable populations. Anything from preteen to 120. Is my patient population. A lot of. Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: What is the process like if I were to come see you as a client? What is the process actually look like if I were to show up and see?
Antoinette Taylor: Well, pretty much. Being open and welcoming is part of the first step. When you are seeing patients because they're vulnerable, they're ashamed. A lot of times they don't even know how to have a conversation. A lot of times they can't even express to you what they're feeling. And to be a listener, not to respond, but to listen and to really try to understand my patients. So if you came in and you said Antoinette. I've been dealing with. Everybody's looking at me. First thing I'm going to do is we're going to sit down and we're going to formulate this relationship by introductions. You telling me what it is that's bothering you? I tell you what I can offer you and how we can perceive with establishing a relationship, because that's going to be important. You have to be open enough for people to trust you. Your spirit has to be warm enough for someone to trust you. You just can't have the scout on your face right and expect for people to feel comfortable talking to. So also, without sharing too much or counter transference. I always got to share a little bit about me. I used to do that, too. And I found out I had ocd. It was so embarrassing. So just letting them know that they're not alone. So, Nate, I would be like, you're not alone with this. There are a lot of individuals that wash their hands all the time because their health conscious or they panic for health anxiety. Can you help me understand what led to that and give you an opportunity to explain? And then as I explain, as we talk about that, I want you to be open also to hearing me. And respect suggestions? Because that's all it can be at this time. I can't make you take anything, right? And so just be a willing participant. I live by this motto. If I can help someone, With a word or a song. If I can help someone as they pass along did my living is not in vain. Right. I want to be able to go to bed every night knowing that I've done the best for myself. My family is a society.
Nathan Peereboom: That makes a lot of sense. That's beautiful.
Antoinette Taylor: Thank you. Thank you.
Nathan Peereboom: What about. This is the last ideas question I'll ask, and then I want to ask some aesthetic questions. Does your professional world have any spiritual overtone? Philosophical overtone or modality like thesis that is material in any way.
Antoinette Taylor: Absolutely. So let me tell you, I am a church girl, so spirituality means a lot to me. I pray a lot. I go before anything, and I'm always in a space of thanksgiving to God because it could have been me that would sit in the chair. Right.
Antoinette Taylor: But I'm so thankful that I was reared in a place of spirituality and able to share that with someone without being ashamed. I'm always saying that whatever your faith is our higher power. We have to always draw near and just that because that's what helps us get along. Right. And so I try not to influence others thoughts on religion. Or spirituality, but I'm a very spiritual person. I don't do all the sage and all of that. I'm a praying person because I believe. And I mentioned earlier that I have crazy faith. I have crazy faith that as I'm doing the right thing that I'm supposed to do, I treat people well. I'm respectful. I'm hard work and I'm dedicated. All those other things will come to me. They will just fall in my place, in my lap. Because he will bless you in ways that you never understand. You are working with some of the most vulnerable people in the profession of medicine. And it is your responsibility. To go in and provide the best care.
Antoinette Taylor: To regardless of the circumstance. With no judgment. With no prejudice, with no anger, you go in peace. So that's kind of how I function with everything. And I align it all, all my life, everything I do, friendships, click, shifts, whatever, relationships. It's all based from a spiritual foundation. That it could have really been me. But it wasn't to be, so, yeah. Inside of that and with that thought process. Yeah. I get emotional. I'm just thinking about. Because I told you my story. I wasn't supposed to be. I could have been. Right.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. Well, thank you for sharing. I really appreciate it.
Antoinette Taylor: I really appreciate it.
Nathan Peereboom: It's very generous of you.
Antoinette Taylor: It's my pleasure. Because I want someone else to know that. Possible.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, absolutely. Oh, man, I wish we were in the same room. It feels weird to have this kind of conversation separated by a screen.
Antoinette Taylor: Yeah, but it's okay as long as it permeates. That's the whole goal. But, yeah.
Antoinette Taylor: So I've worked a long time. I've had some unfortunate things that are happening with figures. The owner's desk. I got lost. With that. But I'm so thankful to be on this side. Today. I finished my doctorate. I stopped. I just stopped. During Covid because it was so limited. But I actually just got my cat named down today. It just came in the mail.
Nathan Peereboom: Congratulations.
Antoinette Taylor: Thank you. That's amazing. So I was actually supposed to walk in 22. And then all of a stuff happened and the depression came. But on Mother's Day this year, My biological mother passed away a year before that. I was there for her. And on Mother's Day, I turned in my final assignment to get my degree. I said, I'm not going to cry. I am going to honor you in death. Today on Mother's Day and get this done. And I did.
Nathan Peereboom: What a beautiful tribute.
Nathan Peereboom: I'm sure she was looking down from on high and clapping. Standing up, clapping as you walk across the aisle.
Antoinette Taylor: Yeah, because I could have been a statistic. So I've done it all. I have every degree in nursing. I'm dual certified. Thank you, God.
Nathan Peereboom: Oh, man. All right, well, one other question or one other category of questions. So you've told me a lot about what you believe and how you practice your story. Of course, the tip of the iceberg. Of all those things which I'm sure very complicated and even more beautiful no longer form. But a website at the end of the day is a digital space. It's a room that people walk into. And they feel a certain way. And it's symbolic. It has certain tones that are imbued without language. Tell me about the kind of feeling you want people to have when they come to your website. What is the sense that you want them to have inside of themselves when they're on your website?
Nathan Peereboom: And then secondarily help me if you have any examples. I would love to know of other websites. That you look at and you're like, you know what? If I could give a little bit of that feeling to the people who are interested in seeing me, I would.
Antoinette Taylor: So, because this is how I am and this is how I pick things. So just so you know, my first imagery of the website, I just take a moment and I look at how it is displayed. Whether people realize or not, color plays a significant role in whether people look at your website.
Nathan Peereboom: I think people have realized that. People have realized color is important.
Antoinette Taylor: Yes. So finding a comforting color is going to be really good. But I want to look at and identify the undertone of the story. With the words because I'm like, oh, this is who I need to see. So you can have these generic things, or we see patients of all ages, mental health and drug abuse. That is so plain and dry. Yeah, we seek to input. So my company is called Empowered Mental Health and Wellness. And it's spelled with MP as a nurse practitioner. But the concept is power to heal starts within. So Empower Mental Health and Wellness Nursing Corporation. So I want people to see that how the spelling, the concept of the empowered radiates with them, permeates empowered. We're in not em. But power is from the inside. Healing starts within. And so that concept, when they read that, they're able to readily identify what that means. By what? That just is what it is. And so when you look at that and you see that, oh, that's kind of different. What's the mean? What's the tag? And that's why I say healing starts within. Empower. You are empowered to make a difference in your life. It starts from within. External forces. No. You have to be committed first. You have to. Have concept, an idea, right? You have to be able to think about how you can have this come to play out. What do I need to do? I smoke. Man. I need to talk to my doctor about smoking. I need a little substance and things becoming a habit. I need to see where that just jumps off the screen in this caring space. It comes from. Within. That person.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, so it's called npower. Empowered. Mental health and wellness. Okay, gotcha. Okay, that's helpful. So tell me, you mentioned color to start out. Are there particular colors that you're like? That's just me. That color is me.
Antoinette Taylor: I've been looking. So my sorority is red, right? But I'm not going to do that. But I picked this soft magenta color.
Nathan Peereboom: You like soft magenta?
Antoinette Taylor: I picked up a chance of color, and my lettering is in black.
Nathan Peereboom: You have a logo already?
Antoinette Taylor: When I ain't paid where I do. Let me just show it to you, Antoinette.
Nathan Peereboom: In addition, I'm going to need some pictures of you, by the way, too.
Nathan Peereboom: So I'm going to need some Antoinette pictures. I'm going to need the logo. I'm going to need a few things.
Antoinette Taylor: So I have not created a logo. But I have a picture of the logo, but I'm going to send it to you. But listen. Perfect. I'm in the process of getting pictures because I got my cap and gown. So that's why I'm going to work on getting my hair and all of that stuff done so I can actually create the picture. But I'm going to show you the color.
Nathan Peereboom: Perfect.
Antoinette Taylor: Are you able to see that?
Nathan Peereboom: Let's see. Oh, yeah. Can you send me this picture?
Antoinette Taylor: I can.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, I'm going to put my phone number in here, too. On three. 0125. Okay, so send that picture to this phone number.
Antoinette Taylor: That sound like a Dallas number.
Nathan Peereboom: No. You might be thinking, is it 261 is dallas.
Antoinette Taylor: Maybe that's Dallas.
Nathan Peereboom: Oh, no, I think it's 621. But no, we're 216. We're in ohio number.
Antoinette Taylor: 216. Wait a minute. I lost it.
Nathan Peereboom: Oh, if you click the little messaging panel below. It should be down there.
Antoinette Taylor: Yeah. 216. 313. 125. I can send you. My work. Yeah, I have these words that I created about my mission and vision, but. Okay, I'll send that to you.
Nathan Peereboom: Don't do that, Antonio. I want everything you can give me. Yes. Okay. Read that. Shots. Psych. Com. There you go.
Antoinette Taylor: Okay? I'll send you.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, I'll take. Is there any way you could send this before the weekend? Because I would like to have folks working on it this weekend.
Antoinette Taylor: Yeah, I can definitely do that. I'll send you. So the guy who did it, right, he was like, you don't have to pay for this picture that you. I. It's not definitive, but I love it so much because it represented the brain. But I'm going to send it to you, I think. I have a number. I'm willing to pay for it, but I just don't know how to get to it. I'm not computer savvy like that, sir.
Antoinette Taylor: But I will send you all of that. Yeah, I'll send it to you today so you can look at it and just kind of. See what I'm about. I'll send you my little spiel on what I'm about. Okay.
Nathan Peereboom: I would love that. And, you know, as part of it, It would be great if you could. Well, yeah. Do you have any websites where you're like, nate, look at these three websites.
Antoinette Taylor: This is great.
Antoinette Taylor: Yeah, I have someone, because I saw, you know how you used to do the PowerPoints and they would zoom in, and I've seen a couple. I said, oh, that's not boring. Because now as you go up, oh, there it is. And there you go. And it doesn't have to be this huge overtaking. Idea. Just something where regular people like myself can navigate the site. I want to be where they can actually use it. Because, baby, I've been on it this morning on this Mac that I'm not a mad girl, and I'm still confused.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, well, we're going to make it really simple, but. Also not boring.
Antoinette Taylor: Okay. All right. So, yeah, I'll send it to you. And, gosh, I'm telling you, I watch Childs, like, commercials all the time.
Antoinette Taylor: Do you really? 4 or 45. You renouncing patients? This 1159 and you're still charting.
Nathan Peereboom: Well, I'm glad that someone's enjoying our ads online.
Antoinette Taylor: I do see some things that I will correct on a template that won't be added, but, yeah, other than that, I look traveling. I am done. Copy paste. Bam. Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: I love it.
Nathan Peereboom: Oh, that's awesome.
Antoinette Taylor: Yes, sir. I will definitely get that out to you. And with you talking more. But I know definitely I will start out with for sure really trying to make sure that my billing and my E scribe because I don't want to. I don't want to go through all that extra stuff trying to call people medications in. I don't have time. I'm busy. Because I want to be able to.
Nathan Peereboom: Let's get some time to walk through your website. And let's get some time to set you up with billing. Sound good?
Antoinette Taylor: Yeah. So Wednesdays are my best days. Because I don't work on Wednesdays. I might take patients from a platform, but I don't have patience with my job on Wednesday. Okay, Wednesday.
Nathan Peereboom: 3pm Eastern.
Antoinette Taylor: Yes.
Nathan Peereboom: You're in California, so that's noon.
Antoinette Taylor: Well, no. Is that Wednesday?
Nathan Peereboom: The 25th?
Antoinette Taylor: Yeah, absolutely. Noon.
Nathan Peereboom: Send me a okay.
Antoinette Taylor: All right? And I'll get that information to you. I'll just attach my writing, my vision, all that kind of stuff. I'll send that to you along with my flyer that I had someone just kind of put some stuff together so I can see what it looked like.
Nathan Peereboom: Great.
Antoinette Taylor: Okay. All right.
Nathan Peereboom: One other thing. One other thing, if you can. Send me also things that you're like. I hate this because sometimes it's easier to design around what people dislike. So if you have a few things where you're like, nate, look at this. This is just not who I am. It's not the vibe I'm trying to send out in the world. Send it over, and that'll also be helpful. Okay?
Antoinette Taylor: Okay. All right. Well, I appreciate it, and I'm looking forward.
Nathan Peereboom: All right. Perfect. One other thing. One other thing. I'm going to send you our msa. Right now, and I just want to make sure that you have it. And if you can sign it, that would be really helpful. And that's the gate for us. Just getting you set up with Billing. So I'm going to go in here. And send this to you. And again. There's no binding contract here. So what this does is this gives us the legal right to submit billing for you, but it does not obligate you to bill with us. But it does say, like, hey. If you sign something. And we submit for it. This is the kind of arrangement we have, okay? Pardon me.
Antoinette Taylor: Are you all going to get into marketing later?
Nathan Peereboom: Marketing this or marketing for you all. Yes. I think that this website creation is the beginning of.
Antoinette Taylor: Okay. Everywhere.
Nathan Peereboom: Yes, one sec. I'm just going to send this over. Just give me 10 seconds.
Nathan Peereboom: I'm just writing the fine print. Okay? Great. And I'm going to click. Okay, I'm going to click send. And then can you just tell me, Antoinette, if you have received this email, it's through DocuSign.
Antoinette Taylor: Okay. Yeah, I see it.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, great. So that email is important for us just to kind of get rolling.
Antoinette Taylor: To legally do for Billy.
Nathan Peereboom: Yep. And then it includes the hosting cost for the website, which is just $100 a month. Perfect. And then. Sorry, last thing. I just want to make sure that we get some time to do the billing intake.
Antoinette Taylor: Okay?
Nathan Peereboom: And that's actually going to be with. My colleague, Jackson, so we can actually just tack that on to that appointment.
Antoinette Taylor: Okay?
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. Marketing shop fill. Website reveal. And billing intake. And Antoinette, can you send over the Aetna contract? That you have as well. I know that you signed it. You probably signed it electronically, though, right?
Antoinette Taylor: I did.
Nathan Peereboom: That's fine. So we can work with that. Like, if you just give us the electronic one, that, like, allows us to get started.
Antoinette Taylor: I think that's just a signature. They haven't submitted the. I don't know. I look at it. Okay, I will. I will.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, beautiful. All right. Amazing.
Antoinette Taylor: We're off to the races.
Nathan Peereboom: As soon as I get that DocuSign and the email from you with all of that data, we're going to get rolling.
Nathan Peereboom: So just if you can get it by the end of today, that would be amazing.
Antoinette Taylor: I will. I'm going to just take a couple minutes, and then I'll work on it. Okay? Great.
Nathan Peereboom: And you have my phone number.
Nathan Peereboom: You can email me or text me whenever you need, okay?
Antoinette Taylor: Thank you. I appreciate it. God bless.
Nathan Peereboom: Take care. I appreciate you. Bye.
Antoinette Taylor: Bye. Bye.