Becca Bressler: Okay. Hey, guys. Nice to see you both. Excited to hear what you've come back with. I think it'd be great. Maybe you're planning on doing this already, but before each of you dive in, Alex, I'm just gonna randomly say, let's start with you. Can you just, like, situate Chris and I, like, remind us what the project is, what the task was, you know, how you approached it, and then. And then go from there.
Alex Nikolaev: Yeah, sure. So the idea of this whole project is to really understand what happens in a user's first session with Jotsec, because, I mean, it's not the first time we've tried to think about this in the past. Right. Like, we know at a very high level, it's like note creation is a very high indication of conversion down the line. But the idea of this project is to figure out if we can assess, based on behavior of users, like, on their first session, what kind of archetype are they? Right. Some people come in and they want to. Or some people come in with having very high intent. And so maybe you'll see, like, you know, the log on the jots, like, after onboarding, they'll scroll through, really try to investigate every single feature, and then eventually make a note and just be very involved. Right. And from there they're probably likely to convert, but other people may be sort of ghost and they're just kind of poking around, not really taking it very seriously, and end up dropping off. Right. All in all, there were hypothesized maybe about five or six archetypes for me, and the work that I did, I've just kind of stuck with four for simplicity at the moment. But the idea is that, you know, once we can really identify what type of archetype a person fits, like, what is there that we can do to increase conversion? Like, is that going to be reaching out to them to, you know, maybe like, book a call with, like, with support? Is it maybe altering how their payment plan is based on their needs, etc. Right. So that's like, the general motivation behind this project. I can get more into, like, what I've been doing and, like, maybe some stuff that I found through looking qualitatively at these replays on statsig versus, like, looking through metabase. But yeah, at a very high level, that's kind of what. What the point of all this is. Ekka, you're mute.
Becca Bressler: I said, cool, that's awesome. Thank you for doing that. So, yeah, do you want us just, like, to walk us through your findings? I want to hear about the archetypes you've outlined. Obviously, there's, like, the qualitative and the quantitative, and I'm wondering if you've merged those, depending on the archetype for all the archetype, et cetera. I'll just hand the floor over to you to walk us through your findings.
Alex Nikolaev: Sure. Yeah. So since our last session on. Friday I'm going to just share my screen here real quick. One second. I think it's the right one. All right, you guys can see that. Cool. So I really want to go back and dig into a bunch more videos through statsig. So I went in and made this little database on Notion and try to, you know, like it's really, it's super difficult to be able to have like one defined map of how a user goes into jot psych and like you know, navigates a certain page, acts in a certain way and like, and seeing that being replicated amongst like various individuals who are onboarding especially. I mean I went through like 25 or so videos but regardless like I still tried to Let me, sorry, change the window size. I really want to go through like record user ID session link like minutes of the session clicks first. I would go in like just identify you know, like first interaction. Are they scrolling through the full home screen? Are they hovering on it like stuff like that going to the first click. So what is catching their eye at first glance and really just drilling down that because you know, as far as the user's actually going. So it's difficult to kind of go back and maybe like after doing this several times I felt like I was able to get a good sense of what type of person an individual is in particular. So after addressing all these things I would go back to this first column here and through all of my I guess reviews I've come up with seven to types of archetypes that I personally saw. Right. So an investigator or someone who like really cares about who's like, who's super curious in what Jaws like has to offer and maybe is like looking really in is like you know, digging into the kinds of templates that we offer or understanding like what it's like to have a client in your. In your client like library. And yeah like the scribe is someone is somewhat of an investigator but also. But like actually went on to record a note a clinic admin. I think these are, these are just maybe people that like we've onboarded and they like went into their account set up like Stripe and all that Free riders. I've seen this like several times where you know like it makes sense for like if I'm seeing someone who's onboarding for the first time and they're like. And they have like a three hour session and a bunch of clicks and they know exactly where to go. Okay. At this point it's funny because they try to bypass free writing by inputting their name as just random letters and try to anonymize themselves. Yeah, they'll put a single letter for the first name, a single letter for the last name. And then just proceed to act like they're professionals. Yeah, to act like they're professionals with the product. So it's pretty apparent what they're doing here. One quick note on free Rider, I went through and noticed that potentially it might be worth looking into accounts created on Mondays as having higher likelihood for being a free rider because, you know, the trial period is 10 days and you know, by the end of a week maybe instead of like, you know, waiting until like, like next Wednesday, you just restart on Monday and like, you know, and go from there. Right. Sorry to kind of go on a tangent on that and it's interesting. Yeah, yeah. With a ghost, like these are people that just, I mean they opened up the, they signed up, didn't really do much, like didn't investigate anything. So they just kind of, you know, came and left. One thing about ghosts, I think this happened more often with individuals who started out by using drugs like on mobile. So they're looking like on their phone. Right. Like on their, like on their mobile phone. It's really hard to dig into everything in depth because it's made for. Right. Like web. So that's one like observation I had. Explorer is someone who is kind of like explore. Someone who just like maybe procedurally went through like from left to right, top to bottom, like on the top menu, just seeing like what, like what is there to offer but not going super in depth and a tourist. I mean at a certain point, like these are a little bit interchangeable but like. Yeah, from what I recorded, like these are just the types of vibes that I got personally.
Becca Bressler: Can I ask a follow up question? Yeah. So I know stat 6, sometimes the video just ends. Does ghost. Does that as a, as an archetype mean not just did they like disappear, but you also then saw in their clickstream data and in metabase they actually like didn't do anything.
Alex Nikolaev: Yeah. I mean we can look at an example if you want to. There's one right here.
Becca Bressler: I don't want to.
Alex Nikolaev: We don't need to get too deep into it.
Becca Bressler: I'm just kind of curious. Like when you were thinking about ghost as an archetype, if that was just based on your experience of the session replay behavior or if that's like, oh no, yeah, this person came, didn't do anything left and in fact they haven't created a note, they haven't done this. Like I'm just, just to make sure I understand what ghost means.
Alex Nikolaev: So for me, I mean I was purely looking at like, I didn't really cross reference these IDs with, like, further sessions.
Becca Bressler: Further sessions in the future.
Alex Nikolaev: Okay, got it. With my reflection.
Becca Bressler: Based on, like, what I saw first. First. Okay, gotcha.
Alex Nikolaev: Exactly. Yeah. So, yeah, I mean, I try to be as detailed as possible, like, with notes and marking all these actions. And then the next step here is to figure out, okay, if we're taking this to metabase, how are we going to condense all this information or try to draw from this information and create a simpler set of archetypes? Right, so. I just went through notion AI asked it because it's pretty native here. I asked it to kind of based on what you're seeing on these notes, all these interactions and sequences of actions that I described. Can you give me some archetypes? And it was a little more in depth. I also cross reference and gave. Put the output of that into Gemini. I use Gemini personally and it came down to like four archetypes here. Right. So like Drifter, Scribe, Admin and Evaluate.
Becca Bressler: Am I just zooming in or maybe I can just.
Alex Nikolaev: Yeah, I'm going to this in a second, but. Okay, cool. Yeah, so like, these are the four archives that I kind of ran with and I didn't want to do many more out of simplicity. Right. And yeah, just to reiterate, like, these were informed by like. Like an overview through using AI like reflective upon my. Like notes from. From the statistic reviews. Right. Okay. Any questions so far? Sorry, I. I mean, I know some people just joined. I want to catch up everyone on what I've done so far, if. If that's necessary.
Nathan Peereboom: No, I have questions that we showed.
Becca Bressler: But before that, like, yeah, catching up folks who are new.
Alex Nikolaev: But yeah, cool. Nate, all good.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, I was just saying I'll catch up on the green later, but this is all. It's all good. Keep rolling.
Alex Nikolaev: Cool. So sorry, one more thing. I just want to kind of. I kind of want to just like go sequentially of what I wrote down here. While I was going through statsig, I just was like jotting down stuff on the side, like just, you know, thoughts that I had in general. So if you want to take a second to like read a couple of these or maybe I'll point out a few. I was just throwing stuff on the page here. I already mentioned it already. Free writers. I feel like it's possible that they're more frequently to happen on Mondays. A couple of UI ideas. There were a couple of instances where an individual would be digging into the template library. They'll click into a particular template and just see all those tiles, you know, listed out in one place, but not be encouraged to view an example of that action. Right. Like myself, I didn't really know where to look for that when I investigated. When I investigated the template library. But like in the very top right corner, like, there's like this magic button that looks like an AI button which once you click that when viewing a certain template, it'll generate a whole example. Right. And I feel like that is like a super useful thing. It's like already there and built in, but just people aren't really being directed to that. That was like a personal hunch for me. So I think it wouldn't take that much work to add a quick pop up that like points that points out that feature and. Some other ones here that are worth mentioning potentially. Yeah. I did think that this would need more like digging into, but using like active session duration as well as click count, like some kind of ratio of. That could be a proxy for interest. And let's see here. Yeah. Also again, on mobile. Right. I felt like people on mobile didn't get to experience the product fully. So it's, I mean, it shows maybe some level interest, some level of interest, but like, if not if they haven't come back to psych, like after their first session while experiencing on mobile, maybe like there's some kind of motion here where, like where we push them to view it on their, like laptop or something like that. Right, sorry. Yeah. Not to get super deep into these.
Alex Nikolaev: Like, these are just thoughts that I had. Yeah.
Christopher Hume: Chris, this is super, super interesting. I was just. You actually started to do it as I was raising my hand. But, like, so if we see someone's scroll depth and high intensity on relevant pages and you think that means they have interest, do you have any thoughts on, like, what we can do to like, really get them over the finish line, that phase?
Alex Nikolaev: So you're asking, like, just based on scroll depth
Christopher Hume: and if not, not part of the experiment? I was just, just wondering. It's top of mind for me, so I thought I'd ask you, Alex.
Alex Nikolaev: Yeah, no, no, that definitely should be part of the experiment. I didn't really, like, think about that too much. I feel like it might have to do with. Again. Yeah, I, I, it would probably need like some more, like, dig into.
Becca Bressler: Yeah, don't worry about it, Alex. We'll just like, stay out of solution space for now and just keep going. But I, I do want to actually. You sh. Before or right as Nate and Jackson popped up, you were mentioning you use notion AI and it came back with four archetypes and you showed something. I just like, we kind of moved past that really quickly. Maybe that's coming. But I, Yeah, anyways, I'd love to just like zoom in there for a second.
Alex Nikolaev: Cool. Yeah. I mean, so I use notion AI. So what will happen was I use, I use notion AI. It gave like maybe six or seven of them, but then I kind of put that into Gemini and it kind of a little more.
Alex Nikolaev: So if you're curious as to how I was actually defining these archetypes, you can see the event names in here. Right? Oh, sorry. Let me know if that's not.
Becca Bressler: It's okay for me.
Alex Nikolaev: Yeah. Cool. So, yeah, to define a scribe, it would involve transcription started note created note processing, et cetera, for an admin. It's more like connecting stripe, making a patient something of that sort. And then with an evaluator, it would be these over here. And then if none of those apply, Apply, then that would just be like the. Not ghost. I forgot like, I forgot like what I named it, but like, you know, the fourth category. Right. And yeah, I mean, I'll get a little bit into. I'll get a little bit more into like, you know, how I kind of went about like getting these numbers up if you. It's useful, right?
Becca Bressler: Yeah, yeah. I just kind of want to understand like the findings and what they like say or what you make of them, etc.
Jackson Bierfeldt: So yeah, Alex, I would actually just like to, Sorry, Jackson here, I'm coming in from a car, so I'm not like able to zoom in fully on the, on the screen here, but just to orient, like, could you just say in 30 seconds, like, what is the biggest learning that you got out of all of this? And like, why is it important? Like, what would the headline be of all this? And then we can like look at the, at the details.
Alex Nikolaev: I think the headline here is that we are getting closer to potentially, you know, assessing the archetype of what an individual is based on their interaction, based on their interactions with jot psych, like without getting too far into solutions. The point of this notion was to really just be able to identify that. And this has been done by, number one, doing qualitative review through statsig, putting that into AI to kind of refine what these archetypes should be and then going into metabase and using those, using the information, like seeing how success which is measured by note creation changes or like alters depending on the archetype, you know, identified through metabase. Does that make sense?
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah, it does.
Alex Nikolaev: Thank you. Yeah. All right.
Becca Bressler: I guess one other though way to ask that, which might serve as a different answer, Alex, is like, did anything surprise you about what you saw? Like the most surprising thing that you saw that you weren't expecting?
Alex Nikolaev: I think I would need more time to do that. I was getting in the groove of putting together a bunch of different dashboards before speeding, but nothing super surprising yet. Okay, cool.
Becca Bressler: All right, carry on.
Alex Nikolaev: Nice. With this graph here, what you're seeing is that I took, you know, I took data from the past year and really wanted to identify like within 10 minutes of an individual creating their account. Like, I'm looking at like, like the, the event types of every, you know, action associated with that user and from those event types identifying the archetype based on those filters I showed earlier. Right. And what, what happened is, is like the way the query was set up, there was a hierarchy in identifying the archetype based on like the counts of. Based on the counts of, like, you know, that event type being registered, right? If you're curious as to what that hierarchy is, I'm going to just quickly pull up the query here. In the SQL, it looks like within all of those events within the past year and also within the first 10 minutes, if any of this happens at least once, this individual is given a 1 in that particular scenario. And so by the end of it, because this is ordered by Scribe, admin, evaluator and then Drifter, if an individual has both, like scribe has scribe, admin and evaluator events happening, the scribe will be assigned to them. Because this was like listed first. I think like this is how the priority is ordered in SQL. If it's admin and evaluator, it'd be admin, but Scribe kind of overtakes that. Right? That's just to kind of identify how the archetype was defined here. And then the measures of success was based on if they created a note or not. Right. So we're looking at success within the first 10 minutes and then 30 an hour, 24 hours, three days, seven days, 10 days. And you'll see that like by the end of their trial it appeared that people who are identified as admins had most success. Maybe that's, that's because like this is like an individual who is, who has been like, you know, reached out by like the B2B team and is already, and was already going to make an account anyways and like, and you know, ended up creating a note. But what was, I think a little more useful was that instead of just, instead of just doing 10 minutes, like we want to know over the course of the individual's first session, like how does this behavior change? Right. And just doing 10 minutes doesn't like really encapsulate the full session. Then I went on to identify like a first session as like activity up to a period where like the next event was more than like an hour later. Right. So like if events happen, you know, like half an hour between each other, like that would still count as like the first session, but it feels like if it was like a, you know, an hour and a half gap, that wouldn't, that wouldn't count. Right. And results are over here. We can talk a little bit more about these later, but they are slightly different than the previous one. You'll see that by changing the definition of how first session is regarded, there are a lot more scribes scribe archetypes compared to just the 10 minute cutoff. And the results are here and still need to be dug into. But this is just the first like view of like what this is yielding, right? Yeah. Any. Any questions so far?
Nathan Peereboom: No.
Alex Nikolaev: Cool.
Nathan Peereboom: Alex, I. Just a quick time check for everyone here. Becca, Chris are in. And Daniel, do you guys have time to go over or do we have to be a little careful about this hour and make sure that we're like kind of splitting it? 3. 3. 3.
Becca Bressler: I can go over.
Aryan Jain: I can go over by a little bit, but then I have to hop into another meeting.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, gotcha. Cool. Daniel, what's your situation?
Becca Bressler: You're muted. Daniel.
Daniel Chadda: Oh, sorry, I was muted the whole time. I was just saying I do have a meeting right after, so I do kind of have to run right at 5, but I know I've got a call with you, Nate, tomorrow. So I think, like, if there's anything that gets missed or we don't have enough time for, I can like elaborate on that then.
Nathan Peereboom: No, that's helpful.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, that's cool. Alex, let's spend maybe 10, two to three more minutes.
Jackson Bierfeldt: I'm gonna make a request here. I'm so sorry. I have 15 minutes before I get in the airport and then I'm out. Could we do like the same kind of question with. With Daniel and Arjen, where I just want to see like, hey, what's the main takeaway? What's the big learning? What are the, like three minutes? You know, introduction to the main data and then I can look through the details later. Is that annoying to ask everyone to do, or can we structure it that way?
Nathan Peereboom: That's a great idea.
Daniel Chadda: Thanks.
Aryan Jain: All right, cool.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. Arian, you want to jump in?
Daniel Chadda: Yeah.
Aryan Jain: So I guess for methodology, I basically just spent the last two months looking at the data, was doing a bunch of metabase queries. So my analysis was on 2000 users approximately. A lot of the findings I found was that there's basically two core bottlenecks in the first 10 minutes, mainly in the tutorial section. So I found like, around 50 to 60% of users drop off at the tutorial step within the first 10 minutes. And then around like 40% of users, they complete onboarding but never start recording. And so, like, my sort of thoughts there, like, maybe the users are potentially getting stuck or they're low intent users, something to dig into. But the two really big sort of blockers that I found were that the tutorial step had the biggest drop rate within the 10 minutes. People weren't getting through it. They were sort of dropping off. The second was that people weren't starting recordings about 40% of the time, which I just by intuition think is the main core engagement step in order to start to create that first note. So we can get into, like, warranting as to why that's happening, but those are sort of the core foundings in terms of archetypes. In the first 10 minutes, I kind of found, like, three to four. The first is the people who set up and leave. Those are people who complete onboarding but never end up recording. That's, like, around 40% of the users I found. And they don't really have an activation rate. The second are like the really great users high intent, you know, follow the tutorials and go record, go through the entire thing end to end. They have like around like 90 to 100% activation rate. The other people I found were the fast activators, the people who kind of speed through this tutorial. I just skip through it and just like go straight to recording. They usually also have pretty high activation rates. I found around 80 to 90% and then the rest were like miscellaneous. One is like a template explorer. They're like browsing through the templates, kind of like meandering around the website. But not really high intent there. But yeah, that's sort of some of the foundings I had.
Christopher Hume: Just before we move on. Aryan, could you repeat, I think you said the number of people who don't create a note. Is that a metric that you shared like among the food, among trialers or did you. Did I mishear you?
Aryan Jain: So I don't have it like among trialers specifically but I have, I have like a more breakdown of like between specializations and like. Yeah, and then like another big one was like, I think Alex was touching on this. By platform there's like pretty big discrepancies. So like people on desktops have like a 35% 0 node rate but like if you go to mobile it's like around like 60%. So it could be intent based, it could be UX, whatever. But that's also something interesting.
Christopher Hume: That's actually exactly the data I was looking for. Thanks Aryan.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Platform thing is very interesting. I'd like to keep following that. Thank you. That's very clear. Daniel, do you want to do your summary please?
Daniel Chadda: Yeah, absolutely. So I did kind of just start this Monday a little bit of a different timeline, but I've gone through about 50, like 50 of the recordings so far. And just in terms of like what stood out to me, what I noticed, I did notice a lot of people who were like creating notes. So like they would go through the initial sign up and then they would hit like create note. And it was around that point where so for like quite a few of them I noticed that like around that point is where they'd get kind of stuck or in some cases the recording would just end there or in some cases they were just kind of like click off after that. So it seems to me like. And there were quite a few also where they would hit the click note button and they would hit maybe like one or two other features but it would kind of stop after that. So just like, in my mind, I think there's, like, an under utilization of features. I think that for quite a few people, they're lasered onto just a click note, and maybe a few other things that, like, you know, stand out to them, but they're not exploring much more beyond that. I don't know if that's just because of, like, low sample size, because I haven't had a chance to, like, go through too many so far, or. Or if that's, like, maybe a larger trend that we need to look into. But that definitely stood out to me. Another thing I'm working on, and I can't say too much about this, because I don't think I've gone through enough to make any, like, broader insights, but I'm going through, like, Friction points. So points at which especially for people who don't like fully get through the onboarding, points at which they kind of get stuck on, maybe click off just so we have that information and maybe that's something we can like, you know, determine more insights from in the future.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah, funnels are always super useful when we're, when we're looking at this and seeing those drop off points. So I'll be excited to see that that data come. Okay, great. I'm rolling up to the airport now. Thank you guys for indulging my executive summary approach here. Good luck.
Daniel Chadda: Thanks.
Nathan Peereboom: All right, perfect. Great. Becca, I'll, I'll hand it back to you to kind of organize the synthesis and kind of how you want to run the rest of it. I just want to make sure that we got through. Yeah. To Jackson's point, like the TLDRs.
Becca Bressler: Yeah, sure. Maybe Alex, just because we like cut you off kind of abruptly, but we should, because people can't go over. If you just want to like wrap like a couple minutes, like wrap up kind of, you know, larger takeaways after your analysis, etc. We don't just go like step by step. If there's anything else that you have to add that was coming as you were going to walk us through your process,
Alex Nikolaev: I feel like I've come pretty much all of it. Like, I might not be able to provide like the most concrete, like, you know, here's what we should do next, which I know is like what we all want.
Becca Bressler: No, no, it's not like that. That is solution space, which is like what we pretty explicitly asked you to stay out of. So that, that is not like what we're asking here at all. Yeah, cool.
Alex Nikolaev: Yeah, I mean, like, as Arin was saying, like I also did like look at Dropbox and also saw, you know, the biggest drop offs are like on the, on the onboarding step and the login and then from there, like after completing a tutorial, like, that was also a big issue too. So that was like kind of like, you know, what was left in what I was going to show here.
Becca Bressler: Okay, yeah, thank you. No, that sounds great. I mean, obviously having the high level from everyone is super helpful. I also think though it's, I'm at least finding it helpful to see like methodology, how you approach the problem, etc. So which of you has less time? I can't remember, but maybe you can go next. Daniel, you have a meeting. Write it.
Daniel Chadda: That's right.
Becca Bressler: Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Can we just maybe take like 10 minutes? Max, and you can just kind of walk us through your process, what you did, what you were noticing, etc.
Daniel Chadda: Absolutely. Yeah. So, like, I, yeah, like I went into before, the main thing I've done so far is go through recordings, find missional insights. Note those down. So, like I said, I've gone through about 50 so far. And I did notice, again, like I was saying before, with the kind of like, underutilization, I think that there's definitely the issue of people who are using Jotsych are in. The cases that I've seen at least they're you know, hitting one or two features. You know, obviously the record note is a big one and they're maybe clicking on one or two but they're dropping off after that completely or there's like, like some idle activity or they kind of click off or the recording ends on. Whatever the case, I think that's definitely like, you know, a choke point or a bottleneck if you will. So I'm curious to see if that trend extends beyond just the recordings I've seen. I don't think that it's like, I mean there's no way of knowing to be fair, but I don't think necessarily it's just like sample specific. So I think it's definitely something that you know, might warrant like kind of a deeper look if this ends up being a trend.
Daniel Chadda: But beyond that, like I was mentioning the Jackson. I've also kind of just started to identify points at which people are dropping off overall just to give us a sense of like what are the kind of like high risk areas or what are like the points of friction. So this is something that like, you know, it still definitely needs some work on my end but I did, you know, only start two days ago.
Daniel Chadda: So I definitely think like, you know, just a work in process type thing. But once, once that's done I think it'll be like, it'll definitely inform our decisions because we'll know like exactly where the friction points are and exactly what to address. So in terms of insights beyond that, I honestly haven't noticed too much and I don't want to like make any leaps right now just because I'm so early of the process.
Becca Bressler: But yeah, totally cool.
Alex Nikolaev: Awesome.
Becca Bressler: All right, Aryan, you want to kick it off? Do you have something to show us? Maybe screen share?
Aryan Jain: Yeah, I guess I had a document but. Let me share. Can I see this?
Becca Bressler: Yes.
Aryan Jain: Yeah. Honestly I went through a lot of my key findings already. I think pretty much most of the document is like documenting most of the numbers, the key steps, drop offs that happen. Where like my key finding came from was like going from like onboarding complete to tutorial complete. It was a really big drop off here to encounter created to recording started. I also like personally believe this recording started might be sort of something interesting to look at. Just like by personally going on the website and looking at it.
Aryan Jain: I think it's pretty hard to find where like the value comes from until you start recording and make that first note. So that might be interesting kind of like digging to solution space. But, yeah, that's something interesting to think about. But yeah, the two major blockers being tutorial step and recording start. I think for the tutorial step people might be getting lost within the tutorial. Don't know really where to go next, don't know where to click whatever it may be. And then the recording started being where the core engagement, where the core product really lies. And then the rest is pretty much analysis on the numbers and the sort of archetypes I came across.
Becca Bressler: Cool, cool. Anything else? Like you know, I would obviously love to review the doc. Anything else you think is worth like shouting out here, any questions from other people, like we don't have to take the full hour just because we have it.
Aryan Jain: I guess I went by specialization, which was also interesting. So psychiatrist had the lowest zero note rate and then psychologists and the counselors had like pretty high rates which are interesting. Couldn't really think of why that might be the case. Might be something interesting to dig into.
Aryan Jain: Platform agnostic definitely seemed pretty blaring to me considering the zero note rates had channel in there just because it was in the data. But yeah. Oh, I guess one more thing. I saw that people who activate activation was first note for me but I think people who created their first notes didn't necessarily happen in the first 10 minutes. I think a majority of people did and among the people who did activate it happened within the first 24 hours. And then something key I found was that the median time to the first note was an hour and a half. So maybe something's happening in between where users are getting distracted, aren't getting necessarily to that first keynote, but are returning which is interesting. But yeah, the other interesting thing is majority come back and complete within 24 hours.
Alex Nikolaev: I have a question on that actually. Is that when the note's created or when the user goes to start recording, it can take half an hour to five minutes to record.
Aryan Jain: It's a. I think it's like when the first note is created.
Becca Bressler: Okay, the these funnels that you're showing us not, not among users you activate but like that is within the first 10 minutes. Is that how I should be looking at that or is that like all time events?
Aryan Jain: Which one?
Becca Bressler: Like sorry, going up. I'm just like realizing your numbers look really different than I think numbers I had seen before. So I just kind of wanted to like drill down on one of those. Can you scroll up just to the other page as well? Above that. Above that, yeah. So like actually you know what, I'll just review the doc offline.
Aryan Jain: Don't worry about it. Let me know if you have any questions?
Becca Bressler: Yeah, yeah. I don't want to, like, hold up the whole crew.
Becca Bressler: Chris, do you have any questions?
Nathan Peereboom: I would just say. I mean, I just heard this in the chat, but probably what we're gonna have to do is, yeah, Daniel, maybe give us a quick orientation on your doc, and then Becca probably needs to spend, like, I don't know, 30 minutes to an hour just, like, really, like, digesting this stuff. And then we might need to just come back with more questions afterwards, depending on it, because I don't know how your brains work, but it's, like, hard for me to, like, really absorb this and benchmark it against everything else, like when I'm seeing it for the first time. My. My impression is that this is really good work, but. But I. I would have to, like, dive into, like, really start making out of it.
Becca Bressler: Cool.
Christopher Hume: Okay. Yeah, I just. I said this in the chat as well, but I thought that was really cool, Ari. And how you showed, like, intent, channel and modality and then lowest intent, channel and modality. That was a really interesting piece of data.
Becca Bressler: Cool. So why don't we call this meeting and just, yeah, send over your stuff and we'll give it a review and just, like, follow up if we have more questions about it. Sound good? Cool. Alrighty. Thanks, everyone, for all your work. Great stuff.
Aryan Jain: Yeah, thanks.
Nathan Peereboom: All.