Nathan Peereboom: Hey, Taylor, how are you? Testing, 1, 2, 3. Hey, Taylor, how are you? One sec. I think I'm. Hello? Hello? Testing. How about now? Okay. I can't hear you, unfortunately.
Taylor White: Can you hear me now?
Nathan Peereboom: It's amazing.
Taylor White: So it wasn't set up to the right microphone.
Nathan Peereboom: No worries. Hey, it's so nice to meet you.
Taylor White: Yeah, you as well. Thank you.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, tell me. Okay, so my name is Nate. I'm the CEO and co founder of JOT Psych. Taylor, give me some background on you. Who are you? Where in the US Are you located? What do y' all do? What's your clinic about? All that jazz.
Taylor White: Yeah. So we're at the Learner center of Hope in Mason, Ohio, or Cincinnati area. Around there. We are fully residential, inpatient, outpatient services, kind of everything behavioral health connected to UC Health, but fully separate from. We use their EPIC system and kind of connect with them on a lot of things. So if you know the UC Health name, then we are right there with them. I am the him manager, kind of taking on a project. We're kind of interested in just evaluating our options on AI documentation and seeing what's out there might work best for us.
Nathan Peereboom: That's awesome. Okay, so, Taylor, what is. Are you a clinician? Do you like. Are you. Most. You're not. Okay, what is. I mean, I obviously, as someone who started this company, like, have a lot of thoughts about why people should use AI for documentation. But. But I'm curious for you, like, why. Why are you guys interested in this? Like, what's the motivation?
Taylor White: A lot of our clinicians are very interested in it. They feel a lot of time is spent on note taking documentation, the nitpicky parts of it, making sure it's right and all that. So I think they. Our clinicians have a lot of interest in it. They're seeing a lot of fellow clinicians get into AI documentation and have that availability. So it's something we don't really. We don't. None of our providers are even really using transcription services right now. A handful are, but not really.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah.
Taylor White: So the clinicians are very interested. They asked for us to kind of look into that and see what it could do for us here. I think they're a little cautious on it for, like, the behavioral health aspect. It works well and is used by a lot of, like, primary care, for example, of course. So it's a little different for behavioral health. And I think. They're cautious of that as well. Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: So is this mostly being driven by clinicians essentially wanting more time back? Is that the motivator? Like, entirely?
Taylor White: Yeah, absolutely. And seeing. And then with that, taking that time and then of course, seeing, expanding their schedules and seeing more patients and getting more time to actually see patients and do less administration. Of course.
Nathan Peereboom: Do you guys think about like, like, how do you think about elements like speed to charge, like, speed to like, submit a bill? Do you guys do procedure based coding? Do you, have you ever had an audit? Like, what's the, is there any like, business element here that you guys are sensitive to around the notes?
Taylor White: Yes, I'm actually, I manage our medical coding team directly, so I'm, I'm on that kind of track in my mind. And it definitely, it can help there. We send a lot of queries to providers of documentation issues here and there. So I think I see it as something that can help with that. I see it as a solution there. We do. We are coding pretty much 100% of our, like, manual coding. We don't have any auto coding set up or anything right now. So we are reviewing every note and all that for billing purposes.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah.
Taylor White: Okay, that makes sense.
Nathan Peereboom: Are you, are you guys open to like, like playing with an auto coder or. I mean, is that something that would be helpful to you or are you like. No, not really.
Taylor White: I think at this point it's, it's not a conversation we've ever had before, but we are growing rapidly. We are currently in a construction site daily, so it's definitely needs would be on the, on a conversation for the future for sure.
Nathan Peereboom: And then when you go through a, you know, an evaluation process like this, like, what is a good evaluation process for, for you as Taylor? Like, are you hoping, like, do you like to see demos? Do you like us to come out and visit you? Do you like, you know, do you like it to go fast? Do you like it to go slow? Like, do you like a lot of written materials? Like, what makes, what makes a software decision? Something where you're like, oh my gosh, it's just all on a silver platter. I can say yes or no and it's great.
Taylor White: Yeah, I'd say like, like a document of all the information we need is helpful because I can take that information. I'm kind of taking this project on myself, but I'm reporting up to our CFO and our CEO and our chief medical officer. So I can take, if I can get that information and take that to them. That's helpful. Demos are great as well. Just kind of see exactly how that's. How that's working, like a video, Even if it's just like, A video demo that I can then share beyond. Then beyond to them and everything. But we're looking for kind of that high level information mostly right now of cost, how much customization we can put into it. I do think I read that you don't have EHR integration, but that's something we kind of are asking about and anything like that.
Nathan Peereboom: I'm sorry, just about the EHR integration. Do you guys use EPIC in the browser or do you use it as an application?
Taylor White: Application, yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay.
Taylor White: Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: So for the application, we don't. If you used EPIC in the browser, then we would be like, oh yeah, we can. We have a thing for that, right? Actually, yeah. So. So Taylor, tell me more about what's on this kind of decision criteria card. Like just walk me through. Like, let's imagine that there was like a, like a, an Excel file that had all the things you guys were looking at. And something tells me you have this. Something tells me that there's. Is it right in front of you?
Taylor White: It might be over here on the other monitor. Yes.
Nathan Peereboom: That's so funny. I guess first of all, would you be willing to share that with us? Is that okay to share or.
Taylor White: No, it's got a lot of other information on here, so I won't share it, but I can run through it.
Nathan Peereboom: Could you walk me through it? Yeah. Because yeah, you know one thing that we want to be careful with your time, Taylor. So if you walk through that, I'm like, no, sorry.
Taylor White: We're like.
Nathan Peereboom: It doesn't make sense for me to even try and like nudge you to try jot Psych. Because if you're not going to actually turn into a customer, it's just a waste of all of our time. So.
Nathan Peereboom: So tell me what's on your list and I'll be honest with you about whether or not we're the right one.
Taylor White: Yeah. I mean first on my list is cost. Of course. We. I, I believe I read that you're at 130amonth per provider. Is that right? For a group.
Nathan Peereboom: How many folks are you?
Taylor White: We have 80 on our medical staff. Not saying we start with 80 on the, on, you know, a service like this, but up to that. Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: Then the price is closer to like 90 to $100 a seat.
Taylor White: Okay. That's awesome.
Nathan Peereboom: So it's actually not 130, but. Okay. Okay. Keep, keep going through the list.
Taylor White: Sorry. Yeah. Usability. We want to make sure this is not adding anything, any extra workflow to our clinicians making their lives easier. So simple. Click simple. Apps. Not many issues happening there. Customization we have all of our providers are using our group practice kind of templates, but also their own templates. Smartphrases, all that. Of course HIPAA compliance and security and all that good stuff that I'm sure you do have epic integration. That's not like for sure. We don't need that. Our CMO direct. I asked her about it and she said, actually, I think a copy and paste models would work well for us as well. So it's something we're asking but not need accuracy. We need kind of that it works in that the notes aren't going to take forever to edit and get to what obviously they may some and may in the beginning more. But we want to make sure that it's not taking more time editing than it would just to be writing the note themselves. And then some kind of support. We just want to know what support you can offer. That's trainings, technical support, kind of a call line that they have issues, all that.
Nathan Peereboom: Right.
Taylor White: And that's really it on our. On our list right now.
Taylor White: Okay, all right, that's super helpful.
Nathan Peereboom: Well, I think that you're going to be kind of excited about John Psych then, if that's. If that's what's on your list. Probably what makes sense is. Let me like walk you through kind of like who we are, what we do, how we're set up. I'm going to show you a little bit of the software, and then what I'm going to suggest at the end is exploration of like a short pilot program. Because most of what you're describing, I mean, there's some stuff that's like binary, you know, like pricing, you know, there's some stuff I can just be like. But ultimately, like, you got to have your clinicians use it. You gotta have like, people in the field just do a bunch of tests with it and understand if they're comfortable or not.
Nathan Peereboom: So how does that sound as like a roadmap for today?
Taylor White: Yeah, sounds great.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, awesome. So let's go here. All right, so this presentation is a little out of date, so I'm gonna voice over a lot of it. But let me explain kind of the history of our company for. For a second. So. So Jackson and I started Jot Psych because my mom and dad are medical people. My mom's a nurse practitioner, my dad's a neuro oncologist. And in our mind, you know, we saw them spend just an enormous amount of time on documentation. So initially our brains were like, we're going to make the best documentation tool to save clinicians time. Here's what we found. What we found was that we can save clinicians time. A lot of these tools can. But what differentiates Jot Psych is that the reason why people really wanted AI notes was not actually just because of the time savings. Although that was nice. The real reason was that the note was the first part of the process to getting paid. You know, it represented audit risk. It guided what codes would be put in the claim. It gated the actual submission of the claim. You can't submit a claim without having a signed note. So what we decided was, you know what, we're going to orient our software entirely around helping clinics get. Paid for the good work that they do. That's our mission. So you can think about us as an AI scribe. That's our crown jewel. It's the thing that, you know, we've used for at this point over 2.2 million encounters. Like we've done a ton of AI scribing. But when you are stacking us up against other scribes, the thing you have to understand is that we have a really, really, really intense focus on not just improving your clinicians experience, but making it so that you as a, as a team are, have way less risk in the way that you do billing. Okay, so. And this number's out of date, but you know, we're an AI engine. We unite the scribing and the billing worlds. So. And I'll walk you through exactly how that happens. I'm going to just skip all of this. I can send this over. This is our HIPAA compliance thing. The goal that I mean, after I show you kind of like the bread and butter of the software the way that we like to. Because ultimately this is a sales call. The way that we like to sell is by giving the software to people and just letting the software do the sale. You know, we've built. There's a lot of like horrible health care software out there. You know this, I'm sure you use most of it because, because healthcare software is bad. And the reason why healthcare software is bad is because much, many software sales are essentially political sales where there's an incumbent, there's a lot of relationship capital, all that. And at an ethos level, we don't want to be the software company that gets really good at political sales and that clinicians hate or don't use or resent the fact that their administration forced them to use it. And that's just a spiritual value of ours. It's the fact that we come from a clinical family and we really, really want this to be a good experience. And so what we do is our pilot program is designed to deliver you a custom version of this case study. So what we'll do is we'll give you guys access to the software. We're an Ohio based company, so it's very easy for us to come down from Cleveland into Cincinnati. Or did you say you're around Columbus or Cincinnati?
Taylor White: Cincinnati.
Nathan Peereboom: Cincinnati. Okay. And what we'll do is get everyone set up, do a bunch of lunch and learns and then actually just measure the impact of the software across three vectors. One, average time saved to change in quality of the note and then three, change in speed of the submission. Okay, so time savings, quality changes, and speed of submission changes. So this is a study that we did with a clinic in the D.C. virginia area. Little over 100 clinicians in the clinic. And what we found was the average clinician is saving one and a half to two hours. The average clinician is saying that their notes are improving significantly. They're not just getting better, they're getting significantly better. And there's a 60% improvement in. In the speed of signing. I can send this over. But there are other case studies that are very similar. There are three different ways to do the pilot. You can do it for two weeks or six weeks. If you do four or six weeks again, we come in person and we'll do all the training. It's super easy software to learn, but we like to do the training just to help people get rocking and rolling.
Nathan Peereboom: I'm going to show you just like what the software is because I think that that's actually really helpful. Have you been in job psych before?
Taylor White: I've been on your website a lot today, so that's as much as I've gotten into it.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, cool.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, it's really simple. So you go to record, click, start recording. You select an appointment type and a patient. You can write any kind of content you want. We follow your patients. So if you select a patient, you'll be able to see what was going on with them before their demographics, any medications they're on. When the note gets written, it looks like this. It's structured via a template and you can make changes to the underlying template through our AI note assistant, or you can make changes to the actual note through that. We have this audit system and this is like kind of the, the key thing. So we code every note and what we do is we take in your paradox if you'd like to send them to us. And we create a set of rules and every note gets graded by the rules. So that you can see, oh, you know, if I'm, you know, I am having. We are having a problem documenting mental status exams. I can go through and I can just identify which notes have these problems and go talk to the clinicians who have them. So this is designed again, what's the goal of a note? The goal of a note is obviously to deliver great care to the patient, but it's really to protect you as a clinic from having an audit clawback. And the way to do that is by self auditing before you submit a claim. It's the only right way to do it. You can see this on a clinician by clinician basis. I'm not actually a clinician, but you can see in the mock account and beyond that, there's also a lot of other really exciting things. So, you know, let's say that I need to write like a discharge letter. I don't know if you guys do that. Some, some inpatient facilities do write a discharge letter for, you know, Chris test that authorizes him to leave next week. Use the normal templates, whatever. So what this is going to do is it's going to take the patient record and it allows you to create an arbitrary document, um, that is any document that is based and, and is infused with all of the actual data from, from the patient's background. So you can see, like, you know, this is real data from this patient and it's infused into the document. You can save it as a template, you can reuse it. Why is that helpful? Because a lot of the way that you guys operate, you know, has to do with, like, the writing or the customizing of a lot of these forms and documents. You just want to be able to do that. So you can, you know, you can create as many forms or documents that you would like. So we've got lab orders, forms, other documents. You can see what's been sent and what's not been sent. And then when it comes to the notes, you as an organization can build your own templates and then you can lock them or share them so you. Oh, and. Or share them. So if you say, hey, every 99214 has to look like this, you can have a template that looks like that. If you say, hey, every intake is going to look exactly like this. That's totally open to you and you can distribute that amongst your group. So, you know, the goal here is we want to protect you. We want to make things really easy. We want to be super focused on serving both clinicians and administrators. There's a lot of other bells and whistles in here that I'm gonna not walk you through just in the interest of not overwhelming you. But let me, let me pause there. Let me just take your temperature. Taylor, how is that sitting with you? What feels expected? What feels unexpected?
Taylor White: I am very impressed with the, the auditing. When you mentioned specifically like the mental statistics exam, non compliance, that's something I'm kind of doing manually right now in my.
Taylor White: Yeah, of course you are.
Nathan Peereboom: So, yeah, totally.
Taylor White: And finding those clinicians that need help on those specific things. So that, that's something we haven't even thought of as an option that this kind of software could, could help with. So that was very. I'm glad we. I'm glad I scheduled the call because that's helpful. Yeah, I think, I think it looks, it's. It's meeting a lot of those things that we talked about, for sure. The biggest thing is that customization. We have a lot of different templates and services that we're providing.
Nathan Peereboom: So, yeah, totally. That makes a lot of sense. If you guys were not going to do a pilot, what would be the reason you wouldn't do a pilot right now?
Taylor White: I think that EPIC integration piece, if they want something that can be right in front of them, that. That's kind of the difference there.
Nathan Peereboom: Gotcha. But did I understand it correctly that your chief medical officer doesn't think that that's necessary?
Taylor White: Yes, and our CEO said the opposite, so we'll see where that conversation goes. That's above me.
Nathan Peereboom: Gotcha.
Taylor White: Okay.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, that makes sense.
Taylor White: Okay, well, that's super helpful. That's the difference between a clinician and an admin based kind of thought there.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, yeah, totally. Well, help me. Help me help you in your process. Like, I mean, obviously, like, I would love to get you guys set up. I'd love to. You know, in any way that's possible, like support you trying jots. Like what's the best way for us to do that? I mean, I have some suggestions, but if you have something that's really top of your mind, you know, I'm happy to do that.
Taylor White: I'm open to hearing your suggestions. We're kind of in the midpoint of this evaluation process, so taking all this information that you've provided today and then kind of bringing that to our team would be my next steps.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay. I, if you, if you're interested, I think it could be really awesome for us to have a conversation with your cmo because my guess is that he or she would be pretty excited about what we've put together. We always like talking to medical folks and it would be probably valuable to do like a real demo, like something that was live and you know, had some more capiche to it. Is there any way that we could set that up? Is there, is there any way that we could set up like a live demo with other like some of the decision making committee?
Taylor White: I mean, I'm not gonna say no, there isn't. That's something I'd have to kind of discuss with them, see if they're interested in that. So. Yeah. Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay.
Nathan Peereboom: All right, well, great. Well, why don't you, why don't you and I set up a time just to like touch base briefly next week because it sounds like you'll probably. What's the timeline for you. Are you guys meeting sometime relatively soon?
Taylor White: Not anything formal set up yet, but we are. We're kind of. Yeah, we're. We're almost through kind of the evaluation of the initial process, so.
Nathan Peereboom: Gotcha. When you say you're midway, help me understand, like, what else have you guys done? What has felt really exciting? What's felt like not exciting? What have you been turned on by? What have you been turned off by?
Taylor White: When I say midway, there's a few other options that I want to still look at, but we've kind of. And then we have that UC Health connection. They're using a system right now or software right now. They're using a bridge. Actually that's not been. That our clinicians are not using. We don't have the option for that yet. And that's like contracts and things that go into that.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah.
Taylor White: And that's why we're kind of open to not going on there with them. But that's what they are using. So we are excited about the option to have clinicians spending less time. I'm now excited about the potential for and I know my, my CFO would also be very excited about the potentials of improving reimbursement. And that's always, that's always a conversation. So. Topic of conversation.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah.
Taylor White: I don't know if that makes.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, no, that. That totally helps. Okay, great. When? I'm just looking at. I guess. Yeah. Tell me. What. When would you like to touch base again? Because I always like to just have some kind of moment where I can, like, just reach out to you and be like, hey, Taylor, like, you know, I don't want to bother you, but, you know, I do want to just close the loop or, you know, get you in the next step of the process here. Would it help to touch base next week, or is that too early?
Taylor White: Looking at my schedule and my discussions with the CFO here, I think it might be helpful to discuss. Have a next conversation on the week of the second.
Nathan Peereboom: Great. Okay, cool. Yeah. How does 3pm Monday, the second work for you?
Taylor White: That works for me. Yep.
Nathan Peereboom: All right, awesome. Okay, cool. All right, perfect. So I'm going to send this invite over and we'll touch base. We'll actually use the exact same invite then. And I will invite my colleague, Chris, as well. Said he can help Shepherd. All right, perfect. Taylor, can you just confirm that this invite came through for you? Should be.
Taylor White: Sometimes it takes a minute for all those security features we've got, so I'm sure. Well, Boom.
Nathan Peereboom: Great. All right, let me just confirm this. All right. I'm seeing it on my side.
Taylor White: I'm sure it will. It just kind of.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, sometime. Taylor, do you. Can I give you my phone number? And also you. You should feel free to, like, just text me if you have any questions.
Taylor White: They came through now.
Nathan Peereboom: Awesome. Okay, perfect. I just sent over my phone number. If anything comes up between now. And then please reach out and, like, let me, you know, be of service to you. Okay.
Taylor White: All right, that sounds great. Thank you.
Nathan Peereboom: All right. Hey, thanks a million. Take care.
Taylor White: All right, you too.
Nathan Peereboom: Bye.