Emily Kaiser: So, Dr. Hatton, while you're logging in, can you tell me a little bit about your practice and your workflow so I can kind of better understand and tailor the demos better?
Billie Hatton: So I do diagnostic evaluations for the state, people applying for disability. And so I do like diagnostic clinical interview where I get all the information regarding their symptoms in history. And then I do a mental status section which I don't use jots like for at all. I just do that myself. And diagnostics and prognosis which I do myself. The things that I want to use. Syport is just gathering all the history because I meet with anywhere from four to eight people a day. I handwrite all day long, taking all this notes and then I have to dictate at night. 4 page single spaced reports. Basically, I just want Psych to be able to. Capture what I say all the questions ask about, because basically I'm going through the diagnostic criteria for different types of mental illnesses and just to document accurately, but it just repeats and it just goes on and on. All this superfluous. Stuff in every section. So it's like, I have it like, can we open up one? Can you see my screen?
Emily Kaiser: No, not yet.
Billie Hatton: I said share.
Emily Kaiser: So I'm trying to figure out. So when you click Share screen, you'll see a series of screens and a list pop up with how many screens you have open. We want to make sure you're clicking the right one.
Billie Hatton: Tell me what to do right now, because right now I see you says, meet google.com@the
Emily Kaiser: very bottom, you'll see a microphone. And then you'll see the camera, the icons, and then you'll see that Share Screen button. Is that what you clicked?
Billie Hatton: Okay, so it says choose what to share with Google Meet. So I say jot by smartscribe. I click on that one. And then say share. Do you know how to turn on my camera?
Emily Kaiser: So next to that, where you just shared screen, that little camera, that should do it.
Billie Hatton: No, it doesn't.
Emily Kaiser: Do you have a camera on your computer? Is that.
Billie Hatton: Yeah, I have a very expensive laptop computer.
Emily Kaiser: Yeah, I am not sure. Then if that camera is not doing it, it has to be something internal with your computer, I would imagine.
Billie Hatton: Ok?
Emily Kaiser: So here we are. We're looking at job site. So let's go to. How long have you been using Jotsyc?
Billie Hatton: Almost a year.
Emily Kaiser: Almost a year, okay? So let's kind of walk through. So you know how to record a session. I'm trying to figure out where to start here. I think it might be most helpful to look at documentation where you are, and you select a patient. We try to look at their note and you tell me where you see the repetitiveness, and we can kind of talk to the AI scribe from there.
Billie Hatton: Okay? So you have control of my screen, right?
Emily Kaiser: I do not. No.
Billie Hatton: Okay, so let me go back to.
Emily Kaiser: Yeah. I don't have control. I can just see it.
Billie Hatton: Okay, so. We can go to this one right here. And it just says failed to load note.
Emily Kaiser: Strange. Is that normal?
Billie Hatton: Usually I don't go back like I'm doing right now, so it could happen, but normally I don't go back on any of these. Failed to load? No.
Emily Kaiser: So strange. Okay, let's go to your most recent one, if that's okay with you, which is going to be your very top.
Billie Hatton: Okay? And that also says failed to load.
Emily Kaiser: That is so weird. Okay, so let's go to patients next to documentation, okay? I'm just trying to enter a different section. Okay, so something's going on here. What happens when you click the board?
Billie Hatton: I usually record on my phone. I've never recorded using the computer.
Emily Kaiser: Go to enable new features.
Billie Hatton: Where is that?
Emily Kaiser: Where it says new features. To the left at the very bottom, it says enable new features.
Billie Hatton: Ok. I got to move your picture out of the way somehow. I can't get to it to see.
Emily Kaiser: I think you can just exit out of that and we'll still be on our meeting, if that's helpful.
Billie Hatton: When you say exit out of that,
Emily Kaiser: out of my picture, out of our little meeting screen.
Billie Hatton: Okay? All right. Now I can see. So it says, enable new features. Click on that.
Emily Kaiser: Yes. Basically, this is updating. It's saying you're not logged in. So the top there, I see that. It's saying you are logged in, but let's go ahead and log out and log back in. And maybe that's why this is the disconnect. Doctor Hatton. Are you a prescriber?
Billie Hatton: No.
Emily Kaiser: Oh, you don't prescribe with your patients, Okay.
Billie Hatton: I'm a psychologist, not a psychiatrist.
Emily Kaiser: Okay, I see. I ask because we're rolling out a bunch of new features with JOD Psych, and as you went to that screen, you saw our Dot rx, but if you're not a subscriber, it's probably not applicable.
Billie Hatton: Okay, so now go to documentation.
Emily Kaiser: Okay? Here we go.
Billie Hatton: All this section right here. I already went in yesterday and corrected it all, so you're not going to find any repetitiveness in this.
Emily Kaiser: Okay, so could we maybe go to one that you haven't corrected?
Billie Hatton: Ok. I want to see if I can find one that I did not correct. I don't know, because a lot of times I'll go into the history section and correct that one, and by the time I get done correcting it, I just give up. And don't continue.
Emily Kaiser: Yeah, no. Yeah. We definitely don't want this to be a frustrating process, so I'd love to pinpoint exactly what's going on so there's more ease involved, you know?
Billie Hatton: Yeah. Yeah, this one I've corrected as well. Just give me a minute to try to find one that I don't know.
Emily Kaiser: If it's helpful, we could do, like, a demo record and do, like, a minute of basically just kind of role playing back and forth as though I am the patient and you are the doctor, and we can see what it comes up with. So that way we're not messing with anybody specifically in your notes. Whatever you prefer. Typically, that's what I do on demos is we make. We put a John Doe in and record a minute and we'll see what it produces Now. I want to make sure in our dialogue we would have, you know, proper information so this would pop up the way it does. But whatever's easiest.
Billie Hatton: Give me just a second. Yeah, it looks like I did, sort of. You know, I'm just having trouble finding one. I know what you're saying that we can do. One. But I'm afraid that's going to be so inadequate compared to like an hour long interview that I do with someone so.
Emily Kaiser: Exactly.
Billie Hatton: But I just can't figure out who. I did not.
Emily Kaiser: What about if you go to, like, the very bottom?
Billie Hatton: Okay? Yeah. Well, this one, I think, is a little bit like what I'm talking about. But you said go to the one.
Emily Kaiser: Well, no, I was just trying to locate one that you thought was a reflection of what you've been experiencing. If this is it, then that's perfect.
Billie Hatton: It's not really. I mean, some things are repetitive. I mean, when I say it's repetitive, you wouldn't believe how repetitive it is. So this is just getting it. So because I go in and I correct it, one thing. I have to go in and change the patient to the person's first name.
Billie Hatton: In every section, every single time.
Emily Kaiser: Let's play with this one a little bit. And we can always revert back to original. Just to kind of show you the way, I would speak to this AI Note assistant there on the right hand side and show you what it produces and see if that's helpful for you. Moving forward. We can start there, and we can always curve or, you know, switch our approach if it's not what you're thinking.
Billie Hatton: Okay?
Emily Kaiser: So if you go to. Let's scroll up to the top of the note.
Emily Kaiser: Or whatever you think is the first section is the.
Billie Hatton: Most important section, you know, of the history, because this goes so basically, you know, I say, are you receiving disability, yes or no? And if yes, how long and what for? And if not, what's the reason you're applying? So, you know, it may be like they've had a back injury and, you know, they. Have diabetes or in depression or something. Say something like they had their wisdom teeth taken out. It's like that has nothing to do with anything. You know what I'm saying? It's just like it misses the gist of whiteness at the point.
Emily Kaiser: Okay. Okay. So let's start with. You said that you have to change the word patient to the patient's name. Let's start with that. So where it says AI Note Assistant, do you. Have you ever used this before? This portion of Job Psych?
Billie Hatton: Yes.
Emily Kaiser: A lot.
Billie Hatton: You all first came out with this, like maybe a month or two ago. I went in and I spent extra time trying to get it. And one thing that it has improved because it would always put in blah, blah, blah, suggesting or, you know, it would, it would make these conclusions. I didn't want it to make any conclusions or inferences.
Billie Hatton: It says if they did this, then this suggests dysfunctional family, blah, blah, blah. I didn't want them to say that, you know, so it's gotten better with that. Inferences at all. You know, just. Just the facts. Basically, what I wanted to do is just the facts.
Emily Kaiser: Okay. Do you see those? Do you see that in this note? It kind of jumping to conclusions.
Billie Hatton: No, no, that's. I told you. That's improved significantly because I've put in there a million times. Don't make.
Emily Kaiser: Okay, so we're learning. I mean, the AI Is learning, okay? So do me a favor. Hover over at the very top where it says complete note in purple. Hover over next to that, those three little sparkles. Ok. I just wanted to see what that was saying here. Ok, so go to the AI. Go back to that actually. The three little sparkles again. That just brings out this little sidebar. So in that sidebar, we're going to go down to where you can type, where it says, describe how you'd like to change. So go to. Sorry. I thought I heard something. Go to. You're going to type here. Change. See at the right, above it, where it says change PT to patient?
Emily Kaiser: You're going to say, change patient to whatever this person's first name is.
Billie Hatton: Okay? What I usually say is, change patient to whatever their name is in all sections of this report. And then it'll say, do you want to do this? Always. And I'll say, No, because when I clicked yes previously, it would use the same person's name, like Denise for the next. So that every time I have to do this, Change patient.
Emily Kaiser: Let's change the wording a bit of what you were using, because I totally see what you're trying to do. But let's change it to change patient to Ricardo everywhere. Because that way maybe it's not as much thinking going forward always, but specific to this note, let's see what it does.
Billie Hatton: Yeah. So sometimes, whenever I, you know, asking about depression, I'll ask about, you know, how depressed. Any previous episodes, suicidal thoughts, suicide attempts, sleep, appetite, energy level, social interest, crying spell, self esteem. You know, I go through, like, you know, 12 or so symptoms and I just want it to. It'll say they're reporting. Severe depression, you know, I didn't say they were reporting severe. It. It likes to use, like, strong words of severity.
Emily Kaiser: And I, Yeah.
Billie Hatton: Wanted to do that.
Billie Hatton: You know, I just wanted. Just the facts just. And it'll also often leave out. 10 out of the 12 things I ask about.
Emily Kaiser: Strange. I'm just jotting down some notes. We have an engineering team behind the scenes and this is all really good feedback, so stream action.
Billie Hatton: Failed. It said.
Emily Kaiser: Back. It seems to me. Do you have maybe an unstable WI fi connection?
Billie Hatton: I don't know. I'm at work where I've been using the Wi Fi for 20 some years.
Emily Kaiser: So same thing one more time. So let's say. Oh, here we go. Looks like it's doing it. It's just maybe. Getting hit. Straight.
Billie Hatton: I think I give off some kind of aura. The technology doesn't work because every time I work with anything, because I'm not very good at. But everyone says, oh, my gosh, I don't know why it's doing this. It normally doesn't do this. I don't know why it's. Not working. It's like.
Emily Kaiser: Well, I highly doubt it is you.
Billie Hatton: It's like me. I think it's me because I'm the common.
Emily Kaiser: Oh, my gosh, that's hysterical. Let's try typing it one more time. Give it a little boost. It does seem to be having your own.
Billie Hatton: Let me go down. There because it's. Well, let me click in the box.
Emily Kaiser: Oh, boy. Yeah, it seems to be a little stuck right now.
Billie Hatton: It does get stuck sometimes. And I have different offices, so this is not the only office they get stuck in.
Emily Kaiser: That was what I was going to ask. Does it get stuck in the same place?
Billie Hatton: Yeah, it does sometimes. And. And I don't know. You know, I'll. I'll give up. Waiting on it.
Emily Kaiser: And I'll just click it out, go in there myself. Let's go ahead and exit out of that stream. Connection failed. And then click those sparkly purple guys again. Let's hide the chat. And let's give it a second and we're going to open it back up and see. What it does. Let's go ahead and click it again. Okay, so it's still think it. Now, what happens when you go up to that next to edit and audit next? That little. Oh, it's changed. It said. Okay, here we go. It's doing it. You were scrolling. I thought it was scrolling down to where it was changing.
Billie Hatton: I'm not touching anything.
Billie Hatton: Oh, I did that.
Billie Hatton: Okay, I did that. I did not do that.
Emily Kaiser: Okay, so it looks like it changed it. Ricardo is currently receiving disability benefits. Okay, so what is it saying to us now in that little box? What is the feedback it gives us?
Billie Hatton: The one it just said. It says, applied changes to seven sections. And then it goes through the second the sections. You know? The sections of my report.
Emily Kaiser: So it looks like it did it. Okay. Correct.
Billie Hatton: Yes. As section text left unchanged.
Emily Kaiser: Okay. Okay, great. All right. So that was the first thing you mentioned, was the fact that you have to change the name of every time. So although it had it took a minute to do it, it did change it. Now tell me again. Now you're saying you want to keep it. Just the facts. Is there a section? In here. That is showing that. At all.
Billie Hatton: That is showing just the facts or showing. The problem?
Emily Kaiser: Yes, the problem.
Billie Hatton: Yeah, so. The only part here that. In the, in the first section, it says he was born in Haiti and came to the U.S. i mean, that goes in the social history section, not here. It'll. It'll repeat it. When I go down to the social history, it'll repeat it right here. All right. Yeah, he was born in Haiti and, and. Came to, you know, so that's like an example of, you know, where he was born, the other one. Symptoms. Yeah.
Emily Kaiser: Go back to that.
Billie Hatton: Right here.
Emily Kaiser: Okay, so now, what section is this
Billie Hatton: in developmental therapy from when he was a baby? I mean, that's irrelevant. And that this is actually the third time it shows up, because this is. It's not supposed to be in this section either. And it's also in this section.
Emily Kaiser: Let's give it that feedback. So what are the type in the names of those sections?
Billie Hatton: Okay, so history of present illness.
Emily Kaiser: And, and you can summarize it if. If that's the first section. You could say first and second. First and second. What do we want to call this?
Emily Kaiser: Tell me exactly what. So I would say in the first and second notes sections,
Billie Hatton: Type that it in the verse. Note sections or headings.
Emily Kaiser: I would say it's actually if you could scroll up where that AI gave us feedback. What did it. What did the AI call it?
Billie Hatton: The first section is called Present Illness and Relevant Past History.
Emily Kaiser: Let's just say in the first and second. Sections.
Billie Hatton: In the first and second sections.
Emily Kaiser: Let's say please delete. You don't even. You don't have to use your manners, but delete. And then are you able to copy and paste that over to this? Little the AI. Exact sentence that's being repeated. Yeah.
Billie Hatton: Just, like, cut or copy.
Emily Kaiser: Copy. And then do. Before you paste it, do the. Oh, gosh, what's the name of it? The dot, dot above each other.
Billie Hatton: Above each other.
Emily Kaiser: Amazing. Here, there's a proper name. Or maybe do a quote. Like, start the quote, then paste it, then end the quote.
Billie Hatton: Okay, please. It says in the first and second sections, please delete. And then I do a quote like that.
Emily Kaiser: Exactly. And then paste.
Billie Hatton: And then let me. I don't know. I may have.
Emily Kaiser: And then backspace. And then, end quote.
Billie Hatton: Okay, perfect.
Emily Kaiser: Okay, before you click go, let the AI know this information is not relevant to these sections. And then I would say, period. Remember that going forward, Okay? All right, go ahead and send it. Let's see what it does.
Billie Hatton: Okay, well, it's gone.
Emily Kaiser: Ok, so it removed it from both sections.
Billie Hatton: Yes. It looks like the second section doesn't have it either.
Emily Kaiser: Okay, good.
Billie Hatton: But the history section does the social history, which is where it's supposed to be.
Emily Kaiser: Okay, Perfect. So did what we wanted it to do. Just for the sake of kind of going through everything, are there any other changes that you would typically make to this note?
Billie Hatton: Right in the substance use section. You know, I would just say. Tobacco use. Ricardo says no, I would. And here it says a Ricardo. State's unclear regarding history of drug. I mean, that's not accurate. What I said was, no, he had no history of drug or alcohol. So why it says unclear? It does that sometimes.
Emily Kaiser: In your conversation? I'm just curious as to. I'm trying to understand the way the AI was thinking or transcribing. In your conversation with Ricardo, would you say it was a direct no, or was there pausing around it?
Billie Hatton: You know, I basically would say, do you have any history of substance use, abuse, addiction, anything like that? And, you know, he said no.
Emily Kaiser: Ok? Ay. I'm trying to pinpoint what the it has, like, conversation intelligence in it, the AI as it listens and transcribes, and I'm wondering. I want to know why it came up with unclear rather than no, so let's just go ahead and change it. If you typically would change it. I would say in substance and legal history. Ricardo stated no regarding history of drug and alcohol abuse.
Billie Hatton: In substance and legal history. Ricardo.
Emily Kaiser: Dated no.
Billie Hatton: Stated no.
Emily Kaiser: No.
Billie Hatton: To any history of substance abuse.
Emily Kaiser: Drug or subs or alcohol? Yeah, substance abuse. Please fix this. Or fix this.
Billie Hatton: Okay? Let's see what it does.
Emily Kaiser: Okay? Now. Denies, okay?
Billie Hatton: So. It still has it for tobacco here. Tobacco use, Ricardo states. No, you know, I mean, it's not like a big thing. I just take that out. But, you know, it's just another change.
Emily Kaiser: I see. I think it's separating the difference between tobacco and alcohol and substance.
Billie Hatton: Yeah, I see that as well. It's not like a big deal, but it's, you know, sometimes it'll go line by line. When they stated no, they stayed in no or stated unclear. They say that a lot, so, you know, so. I mean, this is not bad. This is okay, you know?
Emily Kaiser: Anything else that you see in this note that we want to correct?
Billie Hatton: No. I mean, I'm pretty sure I went in yesterday and fixed some of it. Yeah.
Emily Kaiser: So.
Billie Hatton: Yeah, like right here, it says the sun lives with him the majority of the time and that he and the child's mother get along for the child's sake. Well, that's not accurate. You know, he never said that. So I. Yeah, I took that part out whenever I copied and pasted it. Into my report, into my Word document. I just took. Took that out. He just basically said they got along good. You know?
Emily Kaiser: It's like putting in information.
Billie Hatton: Yeah. Does inferences. It's so much better than it used to be, though.
Emily Kaiser: Strange. Okay, that's. That's good to report to our engineering team. Thank you for letting me know. Okay, so. Tell me, the way we were speaking to the AI today, how does that differ from how you typically talk to it? Does it differ with your experience?
Billie Hatton: Can I say one other thing? Social history. Right here. Let's see. Yeah. So social history. Like he reports. Social Security benefits were approved three to four years ago. That's. That's supposed to be at the very beginning of the report. Nothing to do with social history indicates benefits been in place since that approval. Nothing to do with social history. It's someplace else to report. He reports. A limited social network stays to himself. Drama isolates because the pain watches television. All of that isn't. You know, this section is supposed to be in the current situation, like how he spends his day. So basically, like two or three sentences here is. I would just delete it all.
Emily Kaiser: Yeah, yeah. Just not needed information.
Billie Hatton: It's already been reported in the other sections that it belongs in.
Emily Kaiser: Right the proper sections. Okay. I'm just taking a note on that. Okay. Information does not belong. Now, what I'm going to do after our meeting here is give some written feedback to the engineering team on what you're experiencing. If they come back and they want to see this more in depth, would you be willing to do a short meeting with them, showing them what you showed me today? Because they're the people who kind of fix everything on the back end, and it's just sometimes useful.
Billie Hatton: Yeah. Should I try to find better examples?
Emily Kaiser: No. So I think this is a good example of what you showed me today. Even though it's gotten better, like you said, it is showing everything that you're. You're experiencing. So, let's see, they might not. They may have been hearing this somewhere else and not exactly sure, so we might be aware. Of this issue. But if they're not, that's typically when they like to do a short meeting, just to see everything and hear from the side of the customer and exactly what they're experiencing. So I just wanted to see if you would be willing to. If they are, if they're interested in doing that I can send you a link. It's going to be a calendly link, and from that link you're able to sign up for a time with one of our engineers. So if that's the case, I will forward you a link. But if not, maybe they might very well just take this information. And work on it on the back end, fully understand what you're saying here, because they might be familiar with it. So I could go one to two ways, but I just wanted to throw that out there before sending you a link.
Billie Hatton: And the only other thing is if, if it could just record all that I'm asking about because none of my questions are for no reason. All of the questions that I ask the person at the beginning of the interview, everything like, I'll run through all the die because I have to note that they're meeting criteria for different diagnoses in the text of the report. So I'll go through everything with generalized anxiety disorder, all the symptoms, and it won't say that. It'll say they report severe anxiety, you know, and it's like just, you know, and it'll leave out all the things that I ask about. You know, which is important to document, you know, that their meeting criteria for a diagnosis.
Emily Kaiser: Absolutely. I hear you there. Now, I'm wondering about the templates that you're using because the note is formed based off of the template that you're choosing.
Billie Hatton: Yeah.
Emily Kaiser: So do you have your own personal template? I know you mentioned somebody built a template for you a little ways away.
Billie Hatton: I think as little as I think his name was Adam. Okay?
Emily Kaiser: Yeah.
Billie Hatton: Yeah, so. And. And. And he did it. Which, you know, helped because I'm not good with computers. He'd been trying to get this set up, you know, and I was trying to determine between Bastion and you, all to go with, because Bastion's only $45 a month. And there wasn't a big difference. But he did this. And I said, okay, I'll try it, and hopefully I'll get better. But why not? It doesn't save me a whole lot of time because there's so many change.
Emily Kaiser: Yeah. So if you do have. I know we're coming up. On time. But if you do have a minute, if we could just explore your templates, would that be okay with you?
Billie Hatton: Yeah. I don't have anyone till 10 o'clock and then. And then it's going to be hard for me. I may have a little time between 11 and 12 that I could meet with them, but not the rest of the day. I'm just booked.
Emily Kaiser: Okay, no problem. We could also find a different day, so let's go up to documentation. And then go to note templates. So when you are seeing patients. What are these your go to here? At the top three.
Billie Hatton: No, I go to this one. Billy Custom, Joss. Like that's the only one I use.
Emily Kaiser: Okay, let's open that up. Okay, so in comparison to the questions you ask, How is it relevant with these sections? Does that make sense? Like. It sounds like you're asking very specific questions that you want the specific answers to be notated down. Do you feel like these sections kind of summarize that?
Billie Hatton: These are the sections that I need. This is what I use in my report.
Billie Hatton: Okay, the heading sections is accurate. Can I click on the down button to see what's in each order? I'm not sure why it has this in here.
Emily Kaiser: Yeah. Yeah.
Billie Hatton: Okay. When I ask about mood, the patient says depression. No.
Emily Kaiser: It's just giving you an extremely specific example. It looks like.
Billie Hatton: Okay, so this is what it's going by as an example, right?
Emily Kaiser: Yeah. Correct.
Billie Hatton: Okay. I mean. Yeah, this. This is not. This is not bad.
Emily Kaiser: Okay? Okay? So I am glad to hear that the template is set up correctly. I just was trying to pinpoint at that is what's causing confusion for the AI, but it doesn't appear to be the case.
Billie Hatton: Close this up or not.
Emily Kaiser: Yeah. Yep. That's really all I wanted to confirm, is just, like, see the sections or the headers? Inside the template and see if it was accurate and lined up to your. How you kind of face your questions, basically.
Billie Hatton: Yeah, I'm just asking. Yeah, just asking questions about symptoms and history, and then I need specifically their treatment history. And what medications they're on, any surgeries. Any inpatient, outpatient treatment and where substance illegal, current situation is who they live with and activities of daily living. Cooking, cleaning, driving, shopping, money management and hygiene.
Billie Hatton: And how they spend their day, so.
Emily Kaiser: So when you were for next, if you're planning on using this today, I know you said that that wasn't a great example. It gave me a good representation of what you've been dealing with. But I totally hear you in the sense that the severity of the fixing of the note may be more typically. I'm wondering, after you record, if you could give the. Basically, it keeps the transcription. In the note. So you can go back between the note and the transcription. And I'm wondering if you could just give it at the very beginning before editing, before deleting anything. If you could give very specific instructions to where, you know, in the AI section, where we were. Where we were, and say, you know. Something along the lines of only include relevant information in each section based off of section's name. Like just something kind of general that. Like almost gives the AI a second chance to see if that curves anything before editing. Does that make sense?
Billie Hatton: So only include relevant information. If you could tell me verbatim what to type in because I am on using it today. It does really good with the educational work history.
Emily Kaiser: That saves Good, good. So I would say looking at the transcript. Kava only use relevant information.
Billie Hatton: Okay, looking at script. Comma, only use relevant. Information.
Emily Kaiser: Okay, Per the name of each section.
Billie Hatton: For the. Main. Of each. Section.
Emily Kaiser: And then if you are consistently liking education work history, I would throw in at the end. Use education and work history section as an example. Of only providing specifics.
Billie Hatton: Okay?
Emily Kaiser: I would start there. Before you start editing or before you start doing anything, give it, like, one general direction, and I'm just curious to see what happens.
Billie Hatton: Okay. I had one other question, and I navigate around it, but whenever I haven't used it in a couple days, like over the weekend, and I go, because I record, I use my phone, okay? And I'll click on, you know, the app, and if it goes to the login, you know, I'll log in and then it's a white screen. Nothing on my phone. Absolutely nothing. I have to turn my whole phone off and let it reboot. Before I can start using the app on my phone. Every time. So anytime I go, like a couple days, and I have to relog in on my phone, once I log in, the screen is white and it won't do anything. So I have to turn on my phone, turn it back on, and then I can, you know, do it.
Emily Kaiser: I am wondering. If you. Because you have to log in every time. I'm wondering if you would be willing to just delete the app. And then, like, delete the app from your phone and then redownload the app. And I think in that redownload, it would make updates to the app. I'm wondering if you have an old update on the app.
Billie Hatton: Well, this is from whenever you all first started, like, a year ago.
Emily Kaiser: Right. But, you know, how you can update the apps in the app store. Like every. You know, the apps should remove the app right now. I would try removing the app completely and then redownloading it from the App Store.
Billie Hatton: Okay, so. So remove from home screen or delete app. Just delete app completely.
Emily Kaiser: I would say delete app. Yeah, because you have your login information, so your information is safe.
Billie Hatton: And then I go to the App Store and log and download it again.
Emily Kaiser: I think it might update in a certain way that it hasn't been updated. Because I don't know about you, but I'm not very good at updating my phone, and a lot of times I have old versions of apps because of that.
Emily Kaiser: So I'm wondering if you have an older version, and it's, like, having a hard time connecting. And, you know, functioning because we've progressed to a newer version.
Billie Hatton: Okay? Okay, so it didn't even ask me. I reloaded it. And it's right back to where it was. I didn't even ask me to log in.
Emily Kaiser: Okay? Well, let's see if that fixes anything. As you kind of navigate that today, let's see if it. Time will tell with that one, unfortunately, but that's definitely information that I will bring back to the team as well.
Emily Kaiser: Just rebooting your entire phone every time. That seems strange.
Billie Hatton: Yeah. Because the only way I can get it to work is to turn off my phone and turn it back on.
Emily Kaiser: Yeah. Yeah. Okay. So the only other thing I want to do today is if you could go to your settings. Which is going to be under your initials there at the top, right?
Billie Hatton: Is this settings? No.
Emily Kaiser: No pure initials. So a little bit further up.
Billie Hatton: I'm on my initials.
Emily Kaiser: Yep. Click that.
Billie Hatton: Click my initials.
Emily Kaiser: This is bringing you to your profile, basically.
Emily Kaiser: Okay, so we are going to access. Let's see here. Not exactly sure which one it is. Try going to document generation. No. Let's go to languages. Sorry, I have to troubleshoot a little bit. I'm not sure which one's under. Okay, so, subject terminology. Choose how you refer to your encounters in generated notes. Patient, client. If you could scroll down a little bit. Okay. I was wondering if there was an option there for the patient's name. That might be some feedback that I give to the engineering team.
Billie Hatton: Now I know. Yeah, The Bastion. The other company that does what you all do, they do use the names.
Emily Kaiser: Okay? That is a good. Thing to bring back because I know that you're not the only person that I've heard that from.
Billie Hatton: Yeah, because they're not my patient. I'm not treating them. They're not my client. I'm not treating them. This is just a one time diagnostic.
Emily Kaiser: Yeah, no, exactly. Okay, I will give that back to the team and see if that's a change that we can make.
Billie Hatton: Okay, what do you want me to do now?
Emily Kaiser: Nope. That is everything is there. I know we went over a lot of information, so any questions for me or I know that you're going to test this out today. You can definitely reach out to me via text or give me a call on the number we've been communicating on if you feel like you want to set up another 15 minute demo after you use this today and implement some of the things that we suggested we could. You know, I'm happy to set up another 15 minutes.
Emily Kaiser: And then again, once I bring back this information to the engineering team, if they want to meet with you directly, just to kind of figure out better solutions. I can send you a link to schedule that. But other than that, that is all the information I have, unless you have any questions for me.
Billie Hatton: That's it. Thank you so much for your time and help today.
Emily Kaiser: Absolutely. I'm happy to help. And I'm sorry that that Josseich has been a little frustrating for you to use, and I'm hoping that we can find some ease here and find a couple solutions so it's more convenient for your day.
Billie Hatton: Yeah, that. That would be great. Yeah. Yeah. If I could decrease the amount that I have to write.
Billie Hatton: Yeah, you know, because it makes errors. It'll say they're not receiving benefits when they actually are. You know, that kind of thing. I guess it just mishears, but I have to take extensive notes because it'll say, oh, you know, they don't report any inpatient stays. Well, they reported 10 inpatient stays, so sometimes it's just God awful.
Emily Kaiser: Definitely try giving that general feedback today before editing anything and see what happens.
Billie Hatton: Ok. All right. Thank you so much.
Emily Kaiser: Thank you, Dr. Atten. You have a good day.
Billie Hatton: Okay, you too. Thank you. Bye.
Emily Kaiser: Bye.
Billie Hatton: Take. Your message. Hi, this is Dr. Hatton calling for Stephen. I received your text yesterday evening saying that you will not be able to keep your appointment for tomorrow, Wednesday, March 4th, at 12:00. I cannot answer your question. I cannot reschedule it because I'm not with Social Security. I'm an outside person and. Your case was actually referred by a judge. So basically, the person who sent you the appointment letter, your case. Or adjudicator. That's what they're called, is the person who has to reschedule. Because they have to keep track of everything in their system. They will not let me reschedule. An appointment that they refer, so you would have to do that. So if you could just text or call me again and just let me know if for sure you're not coming, I would appreciate it. Thank you. This is Dr. Hatton, period. I cannot reschedule you because I'm not with Social Security. Comment, you will have to call the person who sent you the letter and there should be a toll free number, an extension on the appointment letter. Period. I'm not allowed to reschedule. And you would have to go back through them. Period. If you could please just call or text me and let me know definitely whether or not you're coming tomorrow. Because I need to adjust my schedule if possible, if you're not coming. That's so good to hear, period. Thank you so much. How you doing? Yes, period. The beneficiary is listed as my trust. Period. I'm updating my trust with the attorney right now. Period. I did sign up for the. John Hancock vitality. Program. Period. Lauren was thinking if I signed up, With that, live premiums would go down, period. Right now, my premium is. 206.58. And it went up $70. From 1:30 something. And I don't know why. If you could find out why I'm paying so much, that would be great. And how to get a reduced period again, comma. I did sign up for the Vitality Program last week. Thanks for your help. Hi, this is Dr. Hutton as a santonio. Okay? All right? They didn't let me know that. Okay. All right. So I was just sitting here waiting on him. I kept going up there, trying to see if he's here yet. No, they didn't let me know. Okay. Okay. All right. Thanks. Bye. Mom. Ent. Right there. Hi, this is Dr. Hatton. I was calling about my appointment for today with Wilbur. I had some cancellations. I didn't. I just wanted to give you the opportunity to come in earlier if you wanted to, just to miss some of the afternoon traffic. Okay? Yeah. Never mind. Okay? No, no, no, no, no. I just thought, you know, close by someone who wanted to come in earlier, you know, so. But otherwise. Never mind. Yeah. Sounds like that's much too complicated. Oh, yeah, yeah. Yeah. Because I, you know, I decide. So basically, I want as much information as possible from other sources. So I would appreciate someone coming in and providing that information. If his landlord can do that, that would be great. Any treatment history? Because basically, I'm trying to create a documentation trail so whatever inpatient stays he's had. Whatever outpatient stays. If he's on medication, who's prescribing what? You know, I basically want to get as much information as possible. They also want me to do IQ testing with him. So. I mean, so I'm going to be here. Yeah, I got it. I got two hours set aside to see him. I don't think it'll take hardly that long, but just to be safe. And so, yeah, as much information as you all can give me, the better. You know? When you say we are, who is we? Yeah, yeah. Okay? Okay? Okay. Do you know what's his diagnosis? Okay? All right? Yeah. Hold up. Hold on a second. Let me see if I can grab this paper. Work. And see what they sent me. So it looks like they said bipolar, schizophrenia, depression, ptsd. Learning disability. So they sent me some information from. Daycare, Life management. But then we said, here's the thing is they only send me like a page here and a page there. But it says he. He's on in Vegas as steno, which is a long acting and antipsychotic injectable. So I'm hoping that if he's on that he shouldn't. Be psychotic if he's actually taking it. It makes. Yeah, I'm not. With. Yeah. Yeah, I'm not, you know, I'm a psychologist. You know, I'm not with Social Security, so. So basically, I'll be, you know, documenting, you know, his presentation, his symptoms and history, you know, and. But I'm not with the government because I say it's a legal decision, so that you. Know. I mean. But I'll do the very best I can. Okay. Yeah, no problem. So, yeah, okay. Yeah. Just telling you, bring as much information, you know, as you can. You know, that's that. Because that's what they look at as a documentation trail, okay? Okay, thank you. Bye. Hi, this is Dr. Hatton. Is this jessica? Yes, I was just calling to let you know that I've had a couple cancellations. If you wanted to come in earlier. Okay? Okay? Okay? All right. See you then. Bye. Six. Squad 8. 859. 402. 7010. One. The. Wire group. How may I help you? Hi Jim, this is Billy Johan. I was calling to see is Your all's address 4020 North Park Street. Well. Technically, it's park. Street north. But yes. That's it, billy joe. Okay. Park Street North. Okay. Because I was thinking maybe I would just. I got my stuff together just run it to you. It looks like you're, like, 15 minutes away, and I have, like, an hour break, so maybe I'll do that. So it's. It's called Park street north, right? Right. Where? Have you ever been to this office? No, I've only been to the one that was downtown in St. Pete. Okay? Well. Yeah. Which we haven't been. For long. I know. At any rate. It's a corner of park street. And tyrone boulevard. It's like. A major intersection, and there's. A big red and white lighthouse in the park. Building. So it's kind of hard to miss it. Okay, great. Yeah, we're on the first. We're on the first floor, right next to the elevator. So just as you walk in, we'll be right to your right. Okay? Okay. All right. I'll see you in a few minutes. Thanks. All right. Billy joe. Nice. Talk to you soon. Bye. Everybody. About that kind of. Worldview. I went. From. Wonderful. And like. You know? I'm not worried about. Right now. So it's going back, right? We've had to work. On that where we. Have. Ours. On. The. Back. Over and. Over and over. Very. Deadline. We rolled that down. Over you. Have larger rocket. And this one object? Or. Change. I'm going to try to not even want to get out of set over. $20. If you. Have. Yeah. Write it like. And say yes. Different. Gener. Ator. No prosecutor. At the. End of the reality. I think. Not. On, but. I. Did. Not. Control. Yet. Again. I'm like, Ok? Ay. Yeah. Well, I forget. All right, I'll see you. Belong. To bride. Let's say I said I'm previously my mom. But. It helps. I. Don't like. This. Level. I. Want to get the joke? Alone. People. Like. Me. What? Is what they're doing. For. The side of what your. Skin. I'm just like, Not. Very. High. In the very common. That would be. Like. A. Homeless method. Of global. Food. Over. All. Can you get some? Maybe there's different. Water. I. Want to come up with. More. Interest. Ing. A lot of. The better. When. I first realized. They will. Have. I. Think that. Everything. That I. Really kept going. Into. Hang on. There too. I patch? I was promised. Everyone. I. Know that. I would be. Going into the. Bathroom. Okay? I appreciate your time and effort. Appreciate. Good morning, Homeland Dental Creek, this is Shawn again. Please hold. Yes. I. Think you're holding? This is Shauna. How many? Yes, I was referred to you all because I'm looking for dentists, and I was thinking I could set up an appointment for April. To maybe get my teeth cleaned. I don't know what I need to do so that you could get my dental records from Northwood Dental, which is my previous placement. Dentist retired. And some people took over and I don't like them as well. Yeah, no problem. So we unfortunately can't reach out to them. We would need you. To request your record. So all we need is your most recent X ray. Both a full mouth X ray, and then whatever your most recent X ray is. And then if they can just email them to you, you can email them to us and we can do it that way. And then do you know the date your last cleaning? It's probably been over a year. I don't know. Okay, that's. Fine. Just so that we can be careful with the six month mark. But let's go ahead and look in April. Do you have any days in mind? Do you want me to look for? I'm trying to think. It would probably be best if we could do, like, on a Tuesday, because I work all over the place, so on a Tuesday, either early in the morning or last evening, So. On. Not the six, because I know I'm going to be out of town, so maybe April 21st or the 28th or 14th, sometime in there. It's on the. 20. Also have a 330. That would be our latest appointment. Okay, let's do the 8 o'clock on the 20. April 21st. Perfect. And what was your last name? Hatton. H a t t o n. And the first. Name. Billy b I l l I e. All right. And what's the number to read you up? 813-787-4905. Perfect. All right. And were you recommended to just the office in general or to a specific doctor? Well, it was Dr. Marino, I think. Dr. Marina. Okay, yeah, no problem. So we'll have you get your teeth clean, you'll see him out. Dr. Philip Marino. That's who it was. Philip Marino. Okay? All right. And then. Do you have dental insurance? No. Okay? All right. I'll make note here that you do not have any dental insurance. We won't ask you again. And then just try to work on getting those X rays sent over to you so you can set up that. Okay. And what is your. What is your address so I can put it in here? No problem. It can be 328. 50. 32850. Okay, go ahead. Yes, u.s. highway 19 north. Okay? And Palm Harbor, Florida and Zep codes 34684. Ok, great, great. Okay, thank you. You're welcome. Have a great day. Thank you. Bye. Bye. I have all the tickets in my Apple wallet. But this is what they look like. And a copy of them. Yeah, I'm thinking more. Of the long term. And being able to do stuff in the water. That's non weight bearing. Period. I don't know. Come up. It's not anything definite, just. Looking, period. I talked to Julie about it when I was buying the place. Hi, this is Dr. Hatton. I was calling because I have an appointment set up next Monday with Raya Lynn Louise Rodriguez. At 9 o'clock in the morning. That was set up through Social Security. This is Dr. Hatton. I was calling about an appointment. That's scheduled for next Monday. With raya rodriguez. No, I'm sorry. So basically, I was just calling to confirm that they've set aside, like, three hours for me to see her. So I just want to make sure she's definitely coming. Okay, so. And you have the address? It's on land. Alex Boulevard. Okay? Yeah, I'm driving, you know, from Tampa, so it takes me, like, you know, nearly an hour to get there. So I was like, you know, want to make sure. You know? Yeah, it's actually. Yeah. I don't know about the morning traffic going in that direction, but I know that it's not really that far because I have an office in Brooksville, so. But so, you know, I go between the offices, so it's about a 20 minute drive from my Brooksville. Office to the Land of Lakes office. Is just. Brooksville's filled up for a long time. So. Yeah, so that's reason they schedule. And my landlady likes I have more opening there, so. But. Okay. I just want to make sure that you're definitely coming, though, because I'm going to. Okay. Okay, okay. It's better. That. That's. Not how. I live my life. Okay. All right, go ahead. For. A trial. That I won't be able to. Make it. Back. In time to pick him. Up from his. Day. Care, so I do have to. Bring him. Yeah, that's fine. Yeah, people. People do that all the time. Yeah, it's basically. That's a form letter from them. I'm an outside doctor who specializes in testing and diagnostics, so they set up the appointment. All of that paperwork is theirs. I don't know, you know, so I'm fine with it. Like. All the records that I. Submitted to. Them that. I'm not sure that they. Accidentally. Well. One thing. Let me tell you. So I'm looking here. Paperwork they sent me. They sent me something from Kids First Therapy center for Occupational Therapy. And. And then, let's see, occupational, occupational, occupational, occupational, and that is it. And I have nothing to do with occupational therapy, so anything you could bring would be helpful. Thanks. And if she's on. Like. Three years old. And. So she's had. Prior evaluation. Yeah. Any. Anything that you think would be helpful. Now, is she on any medication for adhd? Okay? If you can make sure. Because I'm doing IQ and academic achievement testing, and so the test is accurate. I do need the very best attention. So if you can just make sure she takes it medication as prescribed that day so I can have the best attention for lengthy testing, okay? Okay, I'll see you then. Okay, bye. Louise rodriguez. Rodriguez. Next field. March 9th. 2026. Next field. 10. Next field. December 19th. 2015. Next field. Female. Next field. 15829307. Louise rodriguez. The allegations sheet. Provided by disability determinations noted autism and ADHD period. An occupational therapy reevaluation. Dated December 31, 2025. Was reviewed. That noted some anxiety during testing. Period. Areas of concern included executive functioning such as planning, organization comma, sequencing comma, problem solving comma and following multi step directions, period. She also exhibited difficulty with social emotional skills. Maintaining peer relationships and initiating engaging with other peers. Period. Continued occupational therapy was recommended period. No mental health treatment records were available for review. No school records were available for review period. Next field. Kathleen marie schmidt. Kathleen marie schmidt. March 9th. 2026. Next field. 58. Next field. December 12, 1967 Knexfield. Female. Next field. 160. 8 66. The allegations sheet provided by Disability Determinations noted renal issues, comma hernia, comma endarthritis, period. No treatment records were available. For review. Period. I'll. See if the skirts get. Available. Doctor hatton. Hi, this is Dr. Hatton. I'm calm because I have an appointment scheduled with Carson Rogers next Monday at 1:00 and I have quite a bit of time set aside to see him to do the testing. So I just want to make sure that you all are definitely coming. Okay. It doesn't look like you're too far while you're landing legs in my offices and land alikes. So I don't know you. You may want to call the person who sent you the letter. To see if they can. Sometimes they'll set up Ubers or taxis for people. Because I'm not with Social Security, I'm an outside person. So I have their number here if you need it. It's. Do you have the appointment letter? Okay? Well, okay. It's 850. 488. 9150. And the extension. Let me. Let me give you the rest of extension number 27. And you will need Carson's case ID number, so let me give that to you. So Carson's case ID number is 16071012. And basically, yeah, so the appointment is with me is for Monday, March 9th at 1:00. Okay? It's 3632. Land a legs boulevard. Landa lakes, florida. I'm in suite 105. It's probably like, a mile north of 54. Yeah, so that. Yeah, so it's right. There's like, a Mavis Tire and then Auto Parts and then Superior Shed, and then my building, which is in Cooperstone building. Yes, About a mile past 54. Wow. So can I put down that you all are coming, definitely or not? Okay? Okay, so. Yeah, because I. They said schedule three hours of my time to see him. I don't think it's going to take. I think it's going to take like two to two and a half to do all the IQ and academic achievement testing, everything that they need. So I just want to. Is he on any medication for adhd? Okay. Just what I'm doing testing. It's always best to have, you know, the best attention. So I always say if it, you know, if a child is on medication, take prescribed. But if not, obviously that doesn't matter. But just as long I have the best attention because there's no point given testing. If it's not accurate, you know? It will. It's one the one thing is to do like a diagnostic clinical interview to talk to you all, get all kinds of symptoms, history, like what? What's going on? Because I specialize in diagnostics and then do IQ testing, academic achievement testing. You compare those two for learning disability. That's how you get all that. So that's the reason that they. I'm seeing him. Yeah, but they did. They did send adhd, ocd, opposition processes, sleep apnea. So they. They sent me some information. So I've read that. I just want to make sure that you know that you're definitely coming. That's my main point in calling. Okay. All right. Yeah. Okay, Call. Yeah, call the caseworker and see if they can help you with that. And I don't know how many miles away you are from me, but anyway. Okay? Okay? Okay, thank you. Bye. Bye. Next field. Carson william rogers. Rogers, dot carson. Next field. March 9, 2026. Next field. 15. Next field. November 19, 2010. Next field. Male. Nextfield. 16071012. Carson william rogers. The allegations sheet provided by Disability Determinations noted adhd, ocd, odd, chemistry processing Disorder, and sleep apnea. Period. A review. Of. A report from Pediatric Healthcare Alliance, Pa, dated April 3, 2025, was reviewed. That noted. He was being prescribed. Methylphenolate ER, 27 milligram tablets, time release. From a sertraline, 50 milligrams comma pro or comma hydroxyzine, 25 milligrams period. Only a portion of the report was available for review, comma, and was lacking the diagnosis or assessment. Page. Comma, page 505 was missing. Period. No other records were available for review period. Next field. Victor jerome hasl. Am victor. March 10, 2026. Ramona. Cook. Ie. Nelson. Nelson. Next, phil. March 10, 2026. Next film. 53. Next filled. February 5, 1973. Next field. Female. Next field. 16927834. Krista nelson. The allegational sheet provided by disability determinations noted Breast cancer comma memory loss comma anxiety come upon a fatigue come a hearing loss come up, bilateral leg and pain come a dizziness come up and numbness in feet and fingertips. Period. Claimant was previously evaluated by this examiner. Come on. Village of hadn't come a PhD on August 4th of 2025. And at that time, diagnostic. Impressions were Bipolar disorder. Coming mix. Come on. Moderate silicone panic disorder with agoraphobias in the colon. Post traumatic stress disorder. Come upon specified anxiety disorder semicolon and alcohol use disorder. Come a chronic impartial remission per report period. A portion. Of. A medical report come up pages two of three. And then another report. Pages 2 of 5 noted. 52 year old with history of breast cancer and persistent neuropathy. With a follow up for breast cancer treatment and neuropathy management. Period. She was also noted to have adjustment disorder with anxiety. And would continue within a vaccine, comatrazidone and Xanax period. Another portion of a report. That was page two of five. Come up without a date or author noted. Breast cancer, anxiety. Come a right hip pain. Come on. Neuropathy come up. Hot flashes with adjustment disorder. And that she was on Xanax and affects her. As well as a number of other medications. Period. Please refer to records Period. Next field. March 10, 2026. Next, bill. Five. Next build. March 16, 2020 Next bill. Female. Next field. 15747144. Ramona. Cook. Intellectual and academic. The allegations sheet provided by Disability Determinations. Noted speech and language difficulties, comma, asthma and allergies, period. A request for administration information. Was reviewed. Dated January 30, 2026. By Katherine Rayola, Kam resource teacher that noted claimant received academic support in the areas of ELA. Open print, English language arts, close print, and mathematics period. She was considered to be below grade level in both areas. She required specialized instruction come along with class assessment accommodations. To support progress within the general class curriculum setting period. As speech evaluation. From December 2nd of 2024 was reviewed from Pinellas County Schools. Create. Only a portion of this report was available for review period. 21 on March 3rd. Evaluate. There you have. See that door there? If you don't mind. Doctor Hatton, and I'm a pathologist. And basically, Social Security has to do with today. They call it doing an interview that all that really means is just talk with us, okay? Aaron ludwig. Says Aaron prescribed that. Your doctor. Yeah. And this one says Dr. Albero gonzalez alfonso. Yeah, that's my doctor, and that's in the guy. Like, this is about the medication. Okay, so they're in the same office. Yeah, I believe. What's the name of the clinic that you go to to get the medicine? Make sure that something ok. Both these doctors are at Vaccare. Yeah. Okay, so I'll just put on daycares where you're going. To doctor saying, like, I have different people. There. How long you been going to daycare? I've been going since last year. Since last year. Yeah. So about a year, you think? Well, it should be your sense of okay. Are you currently receiving Social Security? Like receiving money or something. No. Have you ever. You said no, right? Ever received Social Security in the past? Tell me the reason that you're applying. Like, what have you been diagnosed with or what's the problem? My body is such a body Use of twitch in my speakers so they put me on medication. But what's the reason that you can't work? Oh, I can't work. That's what I'm asking. What have you been diagnosed with? Depression, Schizophrenia. Schizophrenia, okay. When were you diagnosed with schizophrenia? When I went to the doctor last year. Have you ever been bankrupted or put in a mental hospital? Yes. I'm into health. Where did you get put in? Where? I'm playing a hospital. In Florida. Was it just one time or more than one time? One time there, but then there was another place I went to. It was me. Okay, so basically, I'm trying to get history. So how old were you when you had your first inpatient psychiatric stay? Was it both of these within the past year, or was it even. The other One was in 2023, and it was in high school when I was in high school. Okay, so 2023, you were still in high school then? Yeah, I was. Like, 18 or 12. Okay. And. And that was me. Stan Eden. Yes. Okay. And why were you put in there? So I was having a mental health day at school, and so they called the doctor and they took me to a different doctor office overnight. They took me to lease hospital. Yeah, I guess I'm one of what symptoms you had. You have to be a danger to yourself or someone else to be put in a hospital. Making threats to harm other people? Or were you hallucinating? Or were you attacking people or saying you're going to kill yourself? There had to be something. Yeah, something like that. You don't know what. Okay? You think it was suicidal thoughts, but you don't know. Yeah, I don't. I just know the police took me and I had to get a side of my leg, like, in my thigh, and. When was the one at Wharton plant? You said you had another inpatient stay at Morton Plan Hospital. Oh, I had two. Demon love talking in my head. It's for hallucinations. I believe. Okay. And was that like a year ago? That was like last year. You feel hallucinating, or is that medication helping with it? It's healthy. Okay? Do you hallucinate at all right now? Or just a little bit, I guess. Are you still hearing voices even though you're on the medicine? Yeah, kind of. Just like mumbling or. What do you hear? Evil voices, I guess. You say evil voices. Do they tell you to hurt yourself or hurt other people or what makes them evil? I don't know. I don't know how to explain it. Does it happen every day? No. Every once in a while. Do they ever tell you to do things to yourself? Give you commands like, do this or do that? They used to. How old were you when you started having these hallucinations and stuff? I think I was 17 turning 18. So you think you're 17, almost 18. When you start hallucinating, do you see things that are there as well? Yeah. I see things that, like, you can see it, but then it's not really there or something. Yeah. What do you see? So I can see things. What's those? Things I scary. You don't know what you see. Just. Is it like, monsters or demons or ugly faces? What makes it scary stuff? Something for, like. Say it's like in a scary movie. You see it, but it's not there anymore. Something like that. Or is the medication taking that away, too? Yeah. Size is on the screen. Sleepy and Whisper Doll, I think is for the voices and the seedlings is supposed to help me remember stuff. It's kind of like for side effects of the risperidol. Okay? So the respirator is helping decrease the things you see and hear, right? Yeah. Okay. Do you have any paranoia? No. Did you used to have paranoid. But I've gone through something. Yeah, like thinking people watching you are out to get you. Or like, you know, believing things that weren't true. Yeah, I used to have. What about? Are you moody? Yeah, I do. Sometimes. Tell me. Describe how you're moving. I'd be waking up and my sister or my dad be asking me random questions. I'd be, like, tired, but they would want to ask the question, so I had to answer. You can angry easily. Yeah. Sometimes. Do you get depressed sometimes? Depressed. Might get really, really sad. Any suicidal thoughts. No. Did you have one in the past? Yes, I did. And have you ever had a suicide attempt? Like where you tried to kill yourself? No, but when I was living in Holiday, I had, like. I don't even know what I was doing, but I was thinking that I wanted to die and stuff, and my mom made me want. Now can't hear you. Thinking that I wanted to die, and my mom made me. Right on a picture of the thing. That I want. To. Okay? Like a contract. Have you ever gone days without sleep because you felt like you were so wired you didn't need sleep? Yes. Those are impossible. I know, but I'm just asking your history. At some point, you did that, right? Yeah. But then I end up getting sleep because I used to be on vitamins. Like healthy vitamins used to buy me. But I do not I remember I still find them okay. Used to be on vitamins for sleep or for schizophrenia. I think schizophrenia. Yeah. Vitamins probably won't help that. Vitamins? I was on that before I was on the medication. Okay. And the medication basically gave me. I can't hear you. It makes me gain weight. Okay, we're going to try to access if I can take something else. How much weight you gain in the past year. Oh, I don't even. I can barely fit my clue. Do you know your height and weight now? It was. 26. I think. And how tall. Five to ten. So you're tall. Yeah, I'm putting taller since elementary. Do you ever have racing thoughts, but let your thoughts go so fast it's hard to keep up with them? I don't think so. Do you ever do things without thinking about the consequences? Are you Those people just lash out and do things without thinking it through? Like if you had money, would you blow it? That kind of stuff, like Byron thing. It's basically being responsible. Yeah, but I don't. How far in school did you go? Oh, okay. So graduate high school. Did you ever have any learning problems or in special ed or anything like that? Well, I kind of did. Lexi or something. And I was in these special classes, and they helped me get my grades, like, good grades. But then there was one class that I was in that special. It was early childhood. Elements. Like a job training thing? Yeah. I did, publix. In a thrift store. And then the early childhood after school. After school program. Yes. And then when I graduated, I went to Ktech and I did Chickfila introduction. That was job predicted. Then I got out of that, and then I did extended transition. In 2024. And then I did the hotel. I just did the hotel and bakery. I couldn't hear you. I did a hotel in Bakery. Is that what you said? Yeah, there was a bakery inside the hotel. And that was through the job program to the extended transition. Chickfila nursing home, hotel, bakery, Publix thrift store after school program. You did a lot of job training in that program, didn't you? Yep. Wow. Do you have any problems with, like, reading and writing? Like, a little lower? Or writing. I think I'm good at that. What about math? Math? Enough. Reading. Sometimes I can't read a big word or something. Were you always in special classes? Since. Venth grade. Seventh grade? What about first through seven? No, I was a regular class. Did you ever fail or get held back a grade? Well, I think I got held back, but I don't know what grade it was. Did you ever get speech and language therapy school? Yes, I had a speech. Then when I taught me how to say it, sound word or something. And I used to have a Twitter on 6th grade. What about. How is your sleep? My sleep is good now, but when I can't sleep, I take tractor. But I don't take it every day. Because I heard if you take it every day, You probably want to. Ask her doctor about that. I've never heard that about that medicine before. Usually a pretty safe medicine. It's not addictive or anything like that to help people sleep. But ask your doctor. I don't think that's accurate. How do you get along with other people? I get a lot of people. My sister sometimes don't get along some. When you were in school, did you have behavior problems, like arguing with teachers, authority figures? Because they were. One time there was this girl. She was in that cusp and she hit with a chair. But she said she didn't mean to, but it hit me, so I hit her. Back and then we both got to this specialist office and then she got sent home so she would have less date and then she would come back to school. Me, I had a different day. I had three days. Off. And I couldn't come back to school after those three days. See there's a spinner for three days. Yeah, both of us. But you really don't have a history of being physically aggressive towards other people. What about. Do you have any problems with anxiety or nervousness? Anxiety. Tell me about that. Like what makes you nervous? Do you feel nervous all the time for no reason or just in certain situations? When there's a lot of people around me and I'm walking, I feel like they staring at me. A lot of people around you and you're working. Did you say. No, I'm not. I know, but I couldn't hear you. So when a lot of people are around me and. And I didn't hear the rest of their looking at me, okay. I have a little bit of hearing problem, so you may have to speak up a little bit. How's your attention and concentration? What do you mean? How's your ability to, like, focus and pay attention to a person that's talking to your. Pay attention to the TV or pay attention to doing dishes. Ability to focus on what you're doing, what's in front of you. Multitasking. Can you pay attention? Yes. Okay. Can you multipass, like, do two or three things at once? How is your short term memory? Like you're building to remember what happened yesterday, last night, this morning. My conversations are what you did. I mean, how's your memory? It's pretty. Good for now. Do you tend to lose and misplace things or to keep up with stuff? A little bit both. I want to give you three words to remember a little later. I'm going to ask you what those are, okay? Lion carrot. And green. Try to remember those three words. Lion, care and green. Yep. Remember those two words. Do you have any history of head injury, seizures or strokes? Any type of brain injuries? No. Have you ever had any surgeries? I had a breathing surgery when I was like, I'm breathing, breathing, breathing surgery. I had a breathing problem. So they took out something in my nose or something. Okay, like adenoids or tonsils or something. Yeah, I think my tongue. Do you have any history of using drugs or alcohol? No. Drug or alcohol problems? No. What about smoking cigarettes or smoking marijuana? Neither. I don't even like smoking. No, baby, nothing, right? In the past. I used to. A little used of it. Have you ever been arrested? No. What do you do for enjoyment? Like when I'm happy. Yeah? What makes you feel good? What do you like to do? Hanging out with my family and friends. Going some places. Have a sleepover. Sleepovers with your friends. Yeah. So who do you live with right now? My dad and my sister. How old is your sister? Tony, for she does tend to refer this. Is she working? Yeah. Caregiving, okay? Are you taking care of your hygiene daily? Like showering and. I shower every. And do you do any cooking? Oh, yeah, Cook sometimes. Like, help my sister cook. My, like. What do you cook? What's your best dish? Well, a few times. I mean, Pastor Alfreda. I like it the first time. The last army there I would pick on. Are you one of those people that has to be careful that you don't walk away? Forget that the stove's on. Yeah, I would have been here. I can't hear you. Yeah. Yeah, you do. Walk away. Maybe someone or. No, you don't. Oh, I don't? Okay. You pay attention. Okay. Do you do any cleaning? Yes, I clean all the time. This is bathroom deliver. Dishes, vacuum. Bathroom. Are you planning on getting your driver's license? Yeah, I've been trying to work on it. Are you practicing? Or not yet. Yeah. Do you do any shopping? Shopping. I buy stuff. For the people. What about grocery shopping and stuff? I want grocery shopping the other day. You go by yourself or with your father or sister? So how do you spend your time during the day? I sleep, I eat, shower. I go outside and take a walk, exercise. And sometimes I go places with my friends. And my family. How is your self esteem? Like how you feel about yourself as a person? I feel like I have a good heart. Okay? Good. That's important. Yeah, some people take advantage of that. Have you been taking advantage of? I feel like I have. Well, they do. Take your money. Or lie in my face. That happens sometimes. Some people be careful. Some people will use you. Let me get a little bit of background information. Where were you born for a city and state? Clearwater in Florida. Florida. And did your parents divorce her? No, they never was. Made, but they did split up when you were held. Oh, I don't even know very. I feel like. Middle school or something. How did your parents treat you growing up? They treat me as well. Okay, so you were never used or anything like that as a kid. Do you have any history of anyone physically or sexually abusing you? In your life. No. How many brothers and sisters? And no premise. Does anyone in your family have depression or schizophrenia or anything like that? I seen My grandma has schizophrenia. Your mom's mom? Yeah. So maybe. Bipolar in. My special ed. I think my cousin. Here's the thing. They saw you a year ago. And it says. That Jordan reports a history of sexual and physical abuse. She sometimes has nightmares and triggers. She states she has flashbacks, but it's more like deja vu. Well, I don't remember about this sexual reason, so. That's not true. I don't remember. I don't know. Were you ever physically abused? Because it says that you weapons or something. Hit and beat, not just regular whoopings. I'm talking about, like. Because it says that you said that you had nightmares about it. Is that not true? I don't know nothing about that. Okay, this is what it says. You said, so it's not accurate. Maybe not. Okay? I just want to make sure. Because they made a mistake. Yeah. They must have made a mess. They collect. Urban in a serious relationship. You ever dated. Yeah. Did guys take advantage of you? No. Not been abused by a boyfriend or anything like that, okay? What about. No kids. Right? No, I don't have a good kid. Have you ever had a job that was not part of that training program? I had looked at the hospital, but it was volunteer, but it wasn't a part of that training. It was just volunteer. Basically, we're in special education classes. You graduated? Did you get a regular diploma or special diploma? I'm not a regular. But you were eligible to stay in school up until 21 or 22 and do this transition program, is that right? Yeah. But I stopped doing it, like last year. Or in 2024. I stopped in 2024. As part of that. It's where they take you to learn job skills and stuff. So do you think that you can work now? I feel like I'm saying, but the jobs, they don't be hiring. And you're not getting disability right now. I'm going to ask you to do a few things for me. What's 15 plus 7? Well, it's 31 minus 8. What about 10 minus 7? Don't tend to take away seven. Lord, have I don't know. Okay? And what's five times five? Spell world like the big wide world. W. R l d. One more time. W, o, r, l, e. I'm sure I heard you right. Now spell world backwards. D o l. R W. What does this say mean? People who live in glass houses should not throw stones. Lying. Account backwards for 100 by 3. So I tell you to stop. 99. 98, 97. All right. Is there any other information? Because basically, what disability wants to know is canning work. And if not, why not? Do you think it's important to include here? Otherwise, we're gone. Okay? Thank you for coming and seeing me. I'll type this up from. Send it to your case worker. Social Security now. I'll make the decision. The doctors at disability will be getting all your treatment records and all the. Information that we covered today. And they're the ones who make disability. Okay. All right. Thank you. How was your day going? Include relevant information. Looking at transcript only use relevant information for the name of each section period. Use education and work history as example. Of only using specifics. This whole section is incorrect, period. This is supposed to be who she lives with, comma, if she takes care of her hygiene. Cooks, comma, cleans, comma, shops. Comma drives. Comma managers. Money and pays bills and how she spends her free time. Next filter. Susan presented as a young adult of average height and overweight with brown lines, come with glasses come up and black hair, period. She seemed to have no difficulty hearing the examiner, period. Her grooming and hygiene were adequate, period. She ambulated independently, period. No involuntary motor movement to observe, period. Her speech was understandable. But she did appear to have mom that sits in receptive and expressive language believed to be associated with lower cognitive function in general, period. Her estimated intellectual functioning. Is in the borderline range. But possibly mild range of intellectual disability, period. She was pleasant and personally incumbent and smiled easily, period. There's no evidence of depressed mood come under anxiety. Mania or psychosis today, period. She endorses a history of psychotic symptoms but is currently on medication. That is largely controlling symptoms, although she occasionally hears voices. But not. As much as she used to come up. And she doesn't have paranoia, which she had before treatment. Period. Her insight and judgment appeared fair and related to lower cognitive functioning, period. She retained three or three words at five minutes. Period. She answered 15 plus 7 but could not answer 31 minus 8. Or 10/7 stating I would go, I don't know it by heart quote unquote. She said 5 times 5 equal 10 period. When asked to do serial 3s and given an example comma, she counted backward from 100 by ones, period. She spelled world forward correctly, coming backwards incorrectly, period. Her interpretation of a simple proverb was concrete, period. Would ask. If she was able to work come up. She says she is able to work, but no one. Is hiring her. Period. She was oriented and cooperative, and findings are deemed valid based upon available data, period. When asked about physical and sexual abuse history noted in one of the records reviewed comma, she basically said she'd never been abused. And. Wrong. Period. She denies any trauma or ptsd symptoms, period. Next, phil. Schizophrenia. History. The pressure would come in remission. Rule out borderline intellectual functioning versus intellectual disability, comma, mild. Next field. The prognosis for Susan's ability to maintain in a competitive employment situation is guarded from a mental health point of view due to. Lower cognitive functioning period. She reports being in special education classes and was eligible to participate in a transition program up until the age of 22, although she quit. This program after. Job training at a number of sites, period. She would need closeup revision and direction. Did 2% cognitive defense. And difficulty making. Decisions of import, period. She had the onset schizophrenia a few years ago and is currently receiving. Treatment and responding to treatment with decreased psychotic symptoms period. Currently, comma, she denies any depressed mood, but reports having depressed mood in the past period. She does not really endorse significant bipolar symptoms, and it would be important to get information from other cooperating sources, including treatment records. Period. She does not have the intellectual capacity to manage benefits and would need to pay a period. Certainly, comma, If not treated, she would have severe. Functioning impairment due to psychosis. Period. The patient. Susan. Was transported to the appointment by her sister, and she had a Florida identification card, period. She was on time period. I'm a contracted transportation for Ms. Davis. Okay. All right. Can I just ask you. I'm not an Uber driver. I'm just volunteering. How long? So I can make sure I'm available. Is it an hour? Three hours? No, within 30 to. It's a 45 minute interview. But I already have background information, so 30 to 45 minutes. Okay, I'll be right outside. Okay, Give me. Do you want them? Yes. They can wait in a lobby because I still got 10 minutes to finish this up, and then I'll come. Yeah. However, comma, it's unclear if she really understood what the examiner was asking regarding manic episodes and decreased need for sleep period. She is currently receiving outpatient treatment through daycare. Behavioral health. Period. She brings in her medications. And she is currently on risperidone 1 milligram twice daily, comma, benzotropine 0.5 milligrams twice daily, comma and trazodone 100 milligrams at night, period. Her poor performance on many mental status task seem to be related to low cognitive functioning come up rather attention deficits period. Her short term memory appeared fair, period. Ical. Jessica. Davis. Female, age 46. Unknown number. Marks the third. Evaluate.