Emily Kaiser: Hi. There. Can you hear me? Yes, I can hear you. Though. How are you?
Thea Chukwudi: I'm good. How are you?
Emily Kaiser: Good. You go by Pia. To meet you.
Thea Chukwudi: Nice to meet you.
Emily Kaiser: I will be under contact. Person. Nel. Okay.
Thea Chukwudi: Hi Jackson. Hello. Hi.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Hi. How's it going Theon?
Thea Chukwudi: Good, good, good. Sorry I'm off camera. I'm in a hospital environment.
Jackson Bierfeldt: No worries. We understand actually. You got to be flexible to do what you do. So appreciate it. Great. Well, I am super excited to be kicking off the Jot bill initiative with you. It looks like we got your MSA. Paperwork last week. So we want to go through and get that set up. And then I think you also want to get jot RX set up.
Thea Chukwudi: Right? Do I understand that correctly? Okay.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Good. So Emily will be your main point of contact with dot bill stuff going forward, but I'm going to go ahead and get you started today. And then Emily will take over a little bit later in this call and we'll actually go through and get your. Going to need a couple things on this call. Do you have access right now to the paperwork around your license number, your NPI number, those kinds of things? Okay, great. That will make things easier. And then I just wanted to make sure. So we're just getting everything set up right now for just you in your practice. And yeah, in which payers are we starting with right now?
Thea Chukwudi: United healthcare, Blue Cross.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Etna.
Thea Chukwudi: The Molina. Cross complete. Meridian. McLaren. Signal. Medicare Medicaid.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Well care.
Thea Chukwudi: Ethna better health. Priority health, Wayne County Health Choice.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Okay, great. That's a nice collection of those. So I'm sure you talked about this with someone before, but the Medicaid Medicare ones do take a little bit longer to set up. Usually we can get the, you know, commercial ones set up pretty quickly and we'll get that started. But I did just want to make sure that I flagged that so that I knew, you know, we will start that process, but that one, you know, as with everything with Medicaid, it just takes a little bit longer to get rolling.
Thea Chukwudi: Okay.
Jackson Bierfeldt: And then yeah, so we are also going to be just billing your direct patients. Right. You know, so you still use grow and headway. A little bit.
Thea Chukwudi: Right? Oh yeah, and ruler.
Jackson Bierfeldt: And rule. Oh, wow. Okay. You have the triple. Yeah, that's fun. Okay, great. And so you're in the process of like bringing some of those patients over to just working with you directly. And how many patients do you already see right now who you're working with directly that you want to bill through job site discharge them?
Thea Chukwudi: Yeah, I did share some of them except less than five of them. Not much at all.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Okay, great. So sorry. So all of your patients except for five. Okay, great. Okay. And then what is your credentialing status with all of those different payers? That you mentioned? Are you already credentialed with all of them?
Thea Chukwudi: Yes.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Okay independently, not just through grow or headway.
Thea Chukwudi: But independently.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Okay, great. So did you use a credentialing service for that?
Thea Chukwudi: Yeah.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Okay. And are they going to be able to transfer all of those contracts over to us? Do you have access to all of those?
Thea Chukwudi: Oh, wow. No, I don't.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Okay. Yeah, that's something that we should just try to figure out. You can, you know, loop Emily into an email with your credentialing service and she can help chase those down. But it always goes better when we can actually get the fee schedules and the contracts and all those things that you receive when you do that credentialing. If we can just get all that paperwork, it helps us fill everything out a lot easier.
Thea Chukwudi: Oh, wow. So Emily, you're going to send me an email of a checklist so I can.
Emily Kaiser: Thank you. Yeah, no problem.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Let's go ahead and figure out what we need to do there. So are you, Thea, are you ready to just start, you know, with all of these, you know, commercial payers all at once? Or are you trying to do a pilot where you're just going to pick two of them? Start with those and get it going and then, like, add them on slowly.
Thea Chukwudi: Yeah, we can do two of them. We can start with Etna and Blue Cross complete.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Okay. At noon Blue Cross complete.
Thea Chukwudi: Yeah, that sounds good.
Jackson Bierfeldt: I always recommend that people just start.
Thea Chukwudi: It and you're not in healthcare.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Okay, so you want to do Aetna United Healthcare and then Blue Cross complete. Okay, great. So we will target to start doing those. And then Thea, are you already signing your notes in JotSych?
Thea Chukwudi: No, because I don't. I've been mostly building. Through grow and the rest of them. Yep. So, no, I haven't.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Okay, nope, that makes sense. So yeah, that's the one major workflow. Change that I want to point out is that I'm sure you've seen in JotSych there's that button that says sign note, you know, for us to bill it. Of course, you have to sign in first. So I just want to point that out and say that, you know, for your patients, especially with those three payers that you just named. You should start signing those notes as soon as possible so that we can go ahead and do the backlog once we have everything hooked up. And it'll be nice and easy to just start submitting all of those claims. So you should get in the habit of signing the note. And if you have any questions on that, I can walk you through it really quickly. Or, you know, Emily can show you some other time if that's. But it's pretty simple. You press the sign note button and you know, yeah, okay, great. Okay, so. Outside of this call, we'll also send you an intake form that's just going to ask you for all of those, you know, numbers that I mentioned to you. And PI numbers, license number, tax number, all those things we're going to need to get you set up. But on this call, I would like to start getting you connected to our clearing house. Service. So do you see that link that I just put in the chat? Would you mind share, start sharing your screen and click on that and we'll go ahead and fill this out together.
Thea Chukwudi: Oh, wow. Okay, hang on. Let me see. I have to remember how to share my screen. I haven't used Google in a long time.
Jackson Bierfeldt: That's all right. So on the bottom bar next to the camera button, there's a little computer with an arrow in it. There we go. And then if you can click on that link that I put in the chat. You might need to move that window. See, there's that floating window. There. You might need to take that and move it off to the side.
Thea Chukwudi: Yeah.
Jackson Bierfeldt: There you go. And there's the chat. So if you click on that link. And steady is our clearinghouse partner. They actually handle the communication with all the different payers. So we just need to get this account set up.
Thea Chukwudi: Oh, so.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Go ahead and pick a password. Okay. And then in your email, you'll have a confirmation code.
Thea Chukwudi: 03887. No, not this one. That's a message for you, Dion.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Great.
Thea Chukwudi: Okay. You can go ahead. Sorry, sorry, sorry. Professor. Okay. Okay, go ahead.
Jackson Bierfeldt: You can go ahead and fill this out under the basic plan. We'll handle the coverage there, but you'll need to put in the legal name. And then for the billing information, you can just put in wherever your practice is registered. Okay, great. So that'll take just a moment to set up. So let's leave that tab open because we're going to need to come back and do one more thing in here. But while that is going, I think we can move over to start setting you up for jot RX.
Thea Chukwudi: Please, can you hold on a second? Hold on. Sorry, what are you saying? I'm sorry. They're saying they need more information as far as like 78, not 7B. I mean, 7A. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Well, you got the medical information. When you got the medicine, no, I'm telling you, they're saying that they need more information on the man. It says work. No, they got it. Oh, they're not around it. Okay, let people know. Yeah. I don't know. Exactly. I'm so sorry. I have a patient call. Just one quick second. I'll be right back. My apologies. Go ahead.
Emily Kaiser: Stephan, if you need to hop off, I can take over when she comes back with JotRx.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Okay, great. Yeah. I want to just get her through this last part with steady.
Emily Kaiser: Okay.
Thea Chukwudi: Good. A new set of rules. I am so sorry. Yeah, they have a new set of rules. Okay, I am so sorry.
Emily Kaiser: No problem.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Could you just refresh this page that we have here and see if that is finished? Okay, great. So go ahead and click on get started. Oh, that's strange. Okay, let's see. Try and move the mouse and click that again. See if. Why don't you close that tab. Something seems to do.
Thea Chukwudi: Yeah.
Jackson Bierfeldt: And now can you open a new tab and just type in steady stdi? Edi?
Thea Chukwudi: Okay.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yep. Just like that. And you can click on. That. And go ahead and click sign in. To the left of bookend. Yeah. And then let's click on get started. Oh, wow. It's quite frustrating. Okay. Could you close this tab. And do you know how to open up an incognito window?
Jackson Bierfeldt: Oh yeah, or in private window. That's, that's the same.
Thea Chukwudi: Oh, right here.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah. And then let's just type steady again. And do the same process. Okay, great. And then we'll set up multi-factor authentication for you.
Thea Chukwudi: Okay. So. I'll show you. An order.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Right.
Thea Chukwudi: Patient. For. The long. Run. Sl. Ip. Where's your net? Okay, study. Okay.
Jackson Bierfeldt: There you go. Okay. And then one last step. I promise we're almost done here. Let's click on apps in the top right.
Thea Chukwudi: And then.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Okay, great. So we'll, we'll have to come back to this later and you'll see the jot psych app. And then we just need you to click on it and then copy a code and paste that. We'll send you some information if we're not able to do it on this call. So that you can do it on your own. But that'll be the very last step for study. And then you should never need to log into this again. Give us control of everything. So I will go ahead and let Emily take it over now to get you set up with the jot RX side of things. But do you have any questions on the clearinghouse setup?
Thea Chukwudi: No.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Okay, great.
Emily Kaiser: Awesome. So, yeah, if you could actually navigate to jot site.com, we'll start there.
Thea Chukwudi: To continue with the incognito. Actually, I use my regular.
Emily Kaiser: Does it matter? Yeah, you can use a regular window.
Thea Chukwudi: How do I get out of there? Out of here.
Emily Kaiser: If you just click new tab.
Thea Chukwudi: I'm still incognito. I don't want to be incognito.
Jackson Bierfeldt: You can just press the minimize on this in the top right. Because we will want to come back and check on that. Okay.
Thea Chukwudi: Okay. Okay.
Emily Kaiser: So we're going to go ahead and go to your settings there under your practice. And then practice setting. So where your mouse is, you navigate a little bit to the right. Now right next to report. To the left of record, you'll see your practice with the drop down and after settings.
Emily Kaiser: Sarah, I could not really hear you. Okay.
Thea Chukwudi: I can hear you.
Emily Kaiser: What's that?
Thea Chukwudi: I can hear you now.
Emily Kaiser: Oh, you can hear me better. Okay. Okay, cool. So let's see. So under practice. Setting. I'm just navigating to a different screen. So first what we're going to do is connect you to dose. Bot. So do you see e-prescribing?
Thea Chukwudi: Okay, where do I go? So scroll down.
Emily Kaiser: Yep, scroll down a little bit.
Thea Chukwudi: Okay.
Emily Kaiser: Let's try navigating in a different way. You could actually go to patients. Right here. Yeah, exactly. And then go ahead and click into any patient. And then DC set up the prescribing right there in the face.
Thea Chukwudi: Perfect.
Emily Kaiser: So let's go ahead and add jot RX to your plan. I guess edit. Okay, let me make sure we have all things track.
Thea Chukwudi: Ed.
Emily Kaiser: So if you go to profile. And then billing information.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Actually, I think the roles and subscription tab was the right one.
Emily Kaiser: Sorry about that.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Okay.
Emily Kaiser: You can go back there and scroll down. Okay, there it is. So jot rx at the bottom there. If you check mark that. And then save changes. Okay, perfect. So now we want to connect you to dose bot. So this is where if you click that go to practice settings on the right.
Thea Chukwudi: If you click well.
Emily Kaiser: Go to practice settings on the right. And then connect to dosebot. So you're going to want to click the name or edit the clinic name. Through your practice name. Yeah, go ahead and connect. Clinic.
Thea Chukwudi: So.
Emily Kaiser: Let's go to next register.
Thea Chukwudi: Hi Rose, my name is Michael.
Emily Kaiser: To the right. Yes, exactly. And then register for prescribing at the top complete to form below. And then just a reminder to make sure that we get your first and last name there at the top. Yeah, I didn't realize you were in Michigan. I've been Michigan myself.
Thea Chukwudi: Oh, okay. Awesome.
Emily Kaiser: And then White Lake. So a little bit further north than Westland.
Thea Chukwudi: All right. But I'm currently in Grand Blanche working today.
Emily Kaiser: Oh, okay. Very cool.
Thea Chukwudi: Let's see here.
Emily Kaiser: Do you have that DEA number handy?
Thea Chukwudi: Yeah. Let me get a hang up.
Emily Kaiser: Okay. Take your time.
Thea Chukwudi: Rose. Hi, my name is Michael. I'm a case manager calling from Harry for Genesis. And report Genesis. I'm calling about Cheryl. He's asking the Ukraine use another eight respiratory platform. Yes, I use advanced MD.
Thea Chukwudi: Okay, go ahead and click.
Emily Kaiser: Yes.
Thea Chukwudi: Yeah. P-A-R-K-I-N-S. Do you have refuse and unchanged? Okay. Yes, I need that. Okay. All right. Thank you. Wait a minute. I don't think he's able to because I don't. Well, maybe it is, but I'll click yes.
Emily Kaiser: This is basically just telling you it's going to take a little bit of time to transfer the data.
Thea Chukwudi: No, no, no. Let me know. I haven't finished it yet.
Emily Kaiser: Okay.
Thea Chukwudi: So I can tell her for. Yeah, I came to look for her, but she was not as there. He got fell. So we're so happy to get him out of here. 4pM. Yeah. Got it. You don't want me to take that. On there, honey. 40%. I take it for you. Thank you. Thank you so much. Yeah, I came out there to look for her, but she was okay. I'm calling about Sheriff Becky. S. Okay. Does your mom have a DPO? A? Power? Thank you so much. Okay, good at all.
Emily Kaiser: Yeah. So you do have another platform that we're transferring from. This is just letting you know it's going to take one to three business days, but we will keep you updated on the process.
Thea Chukwudi: Okay, perfect.
Emily Kaiser: And then it's asking, would you like to transfer refills and change requests to dosebot unless you have any objections we're going to want to click? Yet?
Thea Chukwudi: Yes, I reach out to them and they give me time for 5:00 p.m.
Emily Kaiser: Go ahead and click register.
Thea Chukwudi: All right. What's going on? It's not right. Oh. Okay. Right. Here. Yes. Okay. Do you have any questions for me? Okay.
Emily Kaiser: Okay. And then. What we're going to want to do here is open note that if you scroll down. Open dose spot to complete identity proofread. Yes, exactly move that little window.
Thea Chukwudi: Sorry.
Emily Kaiser: I was just saying if you could move that little window so I could see your whole screen. What we'll start with is completing the agreement.
Thea Chukwudi: You see on the left, they call it the identity perfect.
Emily Kaiser: Ly.
Thea Chukwudi: This window.
Emily Kaiser: Actually exit out of that little window and we would still be on our meeting if it's giving you trouble.
Thea Chukwudi: Perfect. Oh perfect.
Emily Kaiser: So just asking you for all of that information one more time.
Thea Chukwudi: Credit card number. For what?
Emily Kaiser: You know, I'm not sure what the credit card number is or Jackson. Are you still here?
Jackson Bierfeldt: No, I don't know why they need the credit card number for identity proofing. They definitely bill us for it though. Yeah. So you won't be paying them. You'll be paying jobs like.
Thea Chukwudi: The problem now is. I don't even have my card on me. That's a problem.
Emily Kaiser: Oh, okay.
Thea Chukwudi: I'm trying to see if my Google pay will come up. Okay. Let me see if I have. Okay, I found one.
Emily Kaiser: Okay perfect.
Thea Chukwudi: Well I hope they don't be on me.
Emily Kaiser: No, you shouldn't see any additional charges.
Thea Chukwudi: Wrong.
Emily Kaiser: It looks like we need your driver's license number there.
Thea Chukwudi: Says optional.
Emily Kaiser: Oh I see.
Thea Chukwudi: And this should be encrypted anyway. I don't know what's going on. Right? Is encrypted you change from I don't know you want to check back.
Emily Kaiser: If you try to enter it one more time.
Thea Chukwudi: Since it's not coming up.
Emily Kaiser: Yet okay. Something really quick on that credit card number.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Sorry did we yeah did we try entering it without any spaces or dashes?
Emily Kaiser: But it's something invalid for some reason. Yeah.
Jackson Bierfeldt: It looks like we're missing the driver's license state perhaps filled in yeah.
Emily Kaiser: And it is optional so that one
Thea Chukwudi: strange I wonder if this is my house address let me put the office address.
Emily Kaiser: Yeah do you want to make sure that whatever wherever your licensing is connected it probably is wanting the same address everywhere I would imagine.
Thea Chukwudi: I'm strictly telehealth though I don't even. Go to it's not even working anyway
Emily Kaiser: can you scroll up a little bit? Okay it doesn't look like we're missing out.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Sometimes when the information is auto completed their form can be strange so maybe can we just change city state mobile phone make sure that's reentered. Sorry about that.
Thea Chukwudi: Same thing.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Try the phone it looks like the phone number is still blue so it might be missing.
Emily Kaiser: I am not sure.
Thea Chukwudi: Let me try my other. Address that is on my other paper.
Emily Kaiser: I'm here I'm just looking at some notes. To see if we are missing anything really quick. Okay well the good news is we have all steps completed besides this identity proofing. So I don't want to waste your time yeah so maybe it would be best to see if we could troubleshoot on our end internally here and figure out why it's not letting you move past the steps. But you are already in the process so everything else is working you just have to kind of come back and figure out why this step isn't working
Jackson Bierfeldt: last thing just while we're here can we refresh this page and start start again? I know this is very annoying but I just while we're here want to make sure we tried. Every last thing so let's go ahead and try that one more time. Begin identity proofing. And then let's not use the autocomplete let's just enter everything manually I know that's extra annoying but I just want to try that.
Thea Chukwudi: Oh I wonder if it's because this one is a debit card I don't have my credit card on.
Emily Kaiser: Okay that is going to be. So you don't have a credit card you said put in now.
Thea Chukwudi: Oh wait a minute let me see oh. Yeah. I'm just trying. Okay wait a minute. Traveling right because I'm in a public space. Okay I put it in.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Valid Leah let's take the spaces out.
Thea Chukwudi: Okay.
Jackson Bierfeldt: The only one space is there space at the beginning. At the end maybe. No. Okay that's frustrating okay we will follow up with the dose spot team and see what they can do to get that. Could you go back to the study account then that we had in the other tab so if you go to the bottom where you have your Microsoft Edge and hover over that we should see the private tab yes and if we go over to yeah if you click on that. And now click on this page and refresh the page. There we go so if you scroll down a little bit you'll see jot psych. You can click on that. And then click install. Okay great and then do you see where it says API key down there if you just copy that.
Jackson Bierfeldt: And you can press that right here yeah you can just press that copy button and then go over to our Google chat and put that in the chat. So if you go down to edge yes exactly.
Thea Chukwudi: So where because remember I closed the window
Jackson Bierfeldt: I think we're in this one and then we're in that second from here. So if you paste that in the chat.
Thea Chukwudi: Why is not letting me hold on. Why is it written on me. I think she's.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah. Can you hear me?
Thea Chukwudi: Yeah I can okay great.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah it looks like this is frozen huh why don't we press stop presenting and see if that helps? No okay well a couple problems happening today but let's go ahead and just send that to us via email then if you could just open up your email.
Thea Chukwudi: It's just as good. I think everything is frozen I don't know something is maybe it's like making my computer like see there.
Thea Chukwudi: Yeah I see that yeah maybe
Emily Kaiser: if you need things open at once.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah okay there you go well we can close okay great let's try and go and paste it in the chat again now.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Okay or no no you've got the yeah up to you whichever is easier that.
Thea Chukwudi: Where's the channel right here. Is this me making all these windows.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah that's okay you can just press mirroring. There I know all right so I've got that now on my side so we should be good with study you can go ahead and go and close that incognito window we won't need that anymore. Jesus. And you can stop sharing your screen and that'll that'll go away you can press the button next to the smiley face. Or yeah that one works too there you go. Okay great so I've got that and I will begin the process of setting up the clearing house with you and we'll update you on that and start getting you going with the three pairs that you that you mentioned we'll have instructions for you on that after this call will be sending you a small worksheet for you to fill in that just asks you know for your tax number your NPI one your npi to the exact address that your practice is credentialed with and then if you could go ahead and we'll send all of this to you in an email yeah you don't need to remember it now but the main thing that we'd like from you is to start collecting those documents from your credentialing service. The main thing we need in order to just make sure that that process goes smoothly so Emily will be in touch with you and can make sure that you can introduce her to your credentials and we can just try to get all of those documents so that we can make sure all the numbers are correct and lined up so that when we start submitting claims they go through the first time and we don't have to correct a bunch of things does that sound good on the billing front?
Thea Chukwudi: Yeah please specify what. Documents you need so I can just send it to them.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yep yep we will we'll give you that list. But just so that you know it's basically the provider manual the fee schedule and the contract those are the main the main things that they send over once you get credentialed with them. But that'll all be in the email and you can go ahead and just copy and paste that list. Yeah sorry the the jot RX issue we'll look into dose spot and why that was not going through and then we'll find a time to get on a separate occasion with you and make sure that that goes through.
Thea Chukwudi: Okay thank you.
Emily Kaiser: Anything else? To say thank you for your time and your patience and we will definitely loop back around with some more information.
Thea Chukwudi: Okay thank you all right thanks Thea.
Emily Kaiser: Thank you bye bye.