Tomeka Watkins: Okay, sounds good. Okay.
Emily Kaiser: Okay. Hi, Tamaka.
Tomeka Watkins: Hi. Thank you. I'm like, okay, you know, it's great when it works, right? Yes, indeed.
Emily Kaiser: I'm good. Thank you. How about yourself?
Tomeka Watkins: Oh, I'm doing great. I'm doing great.
Emily Kaiser: It's Thursday. Good. Awesome. Well, thank you for joining. We are excited for your interest in jot start. So are you. I like to kind of start with. Are you familiar with jot psych at all?
Tomeka Watkins: Oh, yeah. I've been using it. For at least three or four years now.
Emily Kaiser: Okay, perfect.
Tomeka Watkins: Amazing.
Emily Kaiser: I just kind of like to be aware of your exposure to the platform. Yes. Okay, cool. So if you could then by kind of just start with, I can give you some information on jot start and kind of what goes into that. But to tailor that best kind of demo and get you, you know, information specific to your workflow, I would love to hear a little bit about your practice and where you are at in the world right now.
Tomeka Watkins: So where am I in the world? Yes, I am a family practice as well as psychiatric mental health nurse practitioner. Then I end up getting my doctorate, but I'm also licensed in addiction medicine and therapy as well.
Emily Kaiser: Wow. Great.
Tomeka Watkins: And I'm about to be licensed in GLT exam in, in RCME, but majority of what I do online here is cater to the family practice arena urgent care. But my main goal and what I see all every day is like cycle therapy, management as well as medications and stuff like that and addiction medicine and pet therapy.
Emily Kaiser: Okay, great. I mean, it sounds like you're doing amazing work and that's super, super exciting.
Tomeka Watkins: Yeah.
Emily Kaiser: Yeah.
Emily Kaiser: Can you tell me, are you a sole provider? Are you part of a clinic?
Tomeka Watkins: I'm a sole provider. With this portion of it. I am looking to open up to be more of a clinic type, you know, with hiring other counselors. Okay. And everything to see other patients. But right now, I'm just not there because I'm working on another clinic, which is the occupational side. Okay.
Emily Kaiser: So I want to make sure I'm understanding fully. So you are a sole provider. You're working as a sole provider. You are working a part as a part of a clinic as well. And then eventually.
Emily Kaiser: No, no, no. That was an addiction, but eventually you want to kind of expand into maybe being like a clinic owner and kind of expanding on the clinicians that work underneath you. Is that correct? Correct. Yeah.
Tomeka Watkins: Okay.
Emily Kaiser: Okay. Well, great. Well, thank you so much for sharing all that information. It's super helpful for us just to kind of tailor the demo, like I said. But I have two screens. Let me move you over here on my screen. So where are you located?
Tomeka Watkins: My parent locations here in Illinois. I am also licensed in 14 other states included as well.
Emily Kaiser: Okay. Awesome.
Tomeka Watkins: Thank you. Yeah, it's. Yeah, it's a lot. I wanted to be able to cater to as many patients that I can. You know, and I looked at states that had like high risk when it comes to like anxiety, depression and suicide and stuff like that.
Emily Kaiser: So. Okay, that's great. I'm really able to see my screen.
Tomeka Watkins: Not yet.
Emily Kaiser: Okay. It should be popping up in a minute. It is taking its time today.
Tomeka Watkins: Oh, you know, it's a technology day, I tell you.
Tomeka Watkins: I just hope it don't do that at the end. Of. God can see it coming up now.
Emily Kaiser: Yes. Okay. So I don't know. Have you been to the jot start website yet?
Tomeka Watkins: I have not.
Emily Kaiser: Okay, no problem. So I just kind of wanted to show you this because, you know, rules are great, but basically what is a combination of jot site and jot credit is your website build. So we're building you if you choose to go forth with us. You know, this portion of us. I know you are outside customer, but jot site is building your. Independent website cred is getting you credential that you're missing.
Tomeka Watkins: Okay.
Emily Kaiser: So that's just kind of the combination of the two. But as a job site customer, you may notice that, I mean, you've been a customer for several years, it sounds like.
Emily Kaiser: So you may have noticed some change on the platform. In the last couple months specifically around job and drop RX and the ability to manage job psych as a clinician owner, all those things and all of that together. Yes, exactly. Are you a prescriber?
Tomeka Watkins: Yeah. Yeah. Prescribing all the states. Yes. And I have a D to those states.
Emily Kaiser: Okay. Okay. Perfect. Do you use shots like currently for prescribing?
Tomeka Watkins: Not yet. I use RX and T. I need to learn how to. Export my information out of RX and T and import it into job sites so that I can, you know, have all that, like their medications and stuff.
Emily Kaiser: Definitely. Well, if that's something you're interested in, I'm just running through a bunch of features today, I don't mean to derail from jot start, but I kind of like to get a feel of how you use the platform so I can kind of guide it from there. So if you are interested in jot RX or jot bill, basically we could set up a separate call to get you rolling on any of those pictures if that is a plan for you. Okay, I'm sorry. Yeah, perfect. So, well, the reason why I mentioned that is because I wanted to share a little bit of our why of why jot psych is expanding in all of these areas. Basically, we're getting a lot of feedback from our customers and clinicians that there are so many products and applications and softwares needed to run your book of business these days and behavioral health specifically. And we know that there's, you know, a system for billing and a system for prescribing and the EHR and all of those things. The AI scribe, whatever it may be, there are a lot of different windows to constantly hop to, and we're hearing that clinicians feel pretty fatigued and bogged down by that. So, so a little bit of, of the why of why you're seeing so many changes in Jot Psych is because jot psych is hearing that, taking that in and working on being a one stop shop for a clinicians to basically you can manage your book of business, everything you need out of JotSite, whether that's billing, prescribing the EHR extension, whatever it may be, you have the ability to now do it all from Jot site or. Yeah. Yeah. So jot start is basically we're hearing that the two biggest hurdles for patients when building their practice, the two main things that block them are getting found online and getting credentialed with payers. We know both are kind of painful processes and time consuming and trivially both are pretty easy for us with the tooling that we have developed.
Tomeka Watkins: Oh, good.
Emily Kaiser: Yeah. So that's kind of the, the why behind one, what Jotic is doing currently, but also jot start. So do you currently have a website? Are you currently credentialed?
Tomeka Watkins: I do have a website. I don't use it, though, because it's been something that they did, like, before I was even doing as much as I'm doing. So I haven't even looked at it. Maybe the, the domain may be down. So, yeah. So, yeah, I would want you guys to do a website because you're right. I would love to keep everything in one place. It's so hard to just juggle all of these different places.
Emily Kaiser: That's crazy.
Tomeka Watkins: So, yeah, that'll be wonderful for you guys to do me a website. I have been credentialed before, and I'm actually working with Nathan pre-bloom. S. I got him everything over for over.
Emily Kaiser: Yeah. Okay, great.
Tomeka Watkins: Now.
Emily Kaiser: So where are you at currently in the process with Nate? Nate is our CEO, and I work hand in hand with Nate on kind of organizing all of these things. So I'd love, I mean, I can also speak with him. But have you witnessed the last time you guys kind of communicated today?
Tomeka Watkins: He asked for, he's in the CAQH now, and he wanted me to give him another reference, give him the email to my other two referents. I went in and reviewed and attested it. I did. I have to send him over anything. Everything, because my CAQH is up to date. I just did it periodically. I look at it every month just in case. So that's where we are. I sent him over a list of payers that I wanted. With. And that's kind of where we are from this awesome.
Emily Kaiser: It sounds like you guys are, are in the right place. You already have the process going. So I will not mess with the credentialing side of it, but I'll show you a little bit of I scroll down here. This is kind of a timeline. Of jot start. So it sounds to me like you want to do both as far as jot site and jot cred. So basically, we still, we start both tracks at the same time. The website takes about one to three weeks, delivered the reveal typically happens in one week from when we interview you. We do an interview process just to kind of ask you a couple questions about your why and, and more information, get more information about your practice and how you got going and what you want your clients to kind of see as they enter your website and what they, what kind of feel you want them to have. So we'll ask you a couple questions and then from that interview process, we do a website reveal a week after.
Tomeka Watkins: Okay.
Emily Kaiser: And then credentialing applications are filed within two weeks. Obviously, you and Nate are already on the ball with that one, but I just want to confirm you want to do both.
Tomeka Watkins: Yes.
Emily Kaiser: Okay. Perfect. So what you'll be seeing, and you may see this on jot psych.com as well. If you go under billing. But this is kind of the upfront pricing of this. I'm not sure if you and Nate have talked about anything as far as pricing.
Tomeka Watkins: I think I'll pay more, actually a month now. I'm not at the $99. I think I'm paying for the th, I think I'm already paying for this, the 350.
Emily Kaiser: Okay. I would imagine the jot cred payment has already been applied or again, I can check internally with Nate, but this is more of a breakdown for Jot site.
Tomeka Watkins: Okay.
Emily Kaiser: So basically for the website build, it's $99. It's a one-time fee. And then if you want us to host your website on a month to month basis and do the maintenance and the upkeep and all things like that, it's $49 charge each month.
Tomeka Watkins: Okay. Yeah, that's fine.
Emily Kaiser: Okay.
Tomeka Watkins: Yeah. The more that I can get someone else to Outsource, the better.
Emily Kaiser: I'm telling you. Yeah. I love it. Okay, perfect. So we can just, we can kind of, we can do this one of two ways. I have about 10 minutes, 14, roughly. We could start the interview process and maybe try to keep it under 15 minutes. But I like to give people like 30 minutes because obviously I'm hearing your story and I want to really understand what kind of feel you want your website to come through. And so if you feel like it, we probably need more time, we can set up a follow-up call and do the interview and then kind of do any necessary steps from there after that.
Tomeka Watkins: I pretty much know my feel.
Tomeka Watkins: I pretty much know what I want because I've been thinking about this for a while.
Emily Kaiser: Okay, cool. So then why don't. So we'll go ahead and handle the charge on our end, if that's okay with you, rather than wasting your time right now and having you walk through it because we're kind of a little bit limited on time. So I know that you probably know, you know, exactly what you said. You know your feel, you know what you want. We have a couple questions that we like to kind of go off of. If I can kind of start with those.
Emily Kaiser: And if you have any information to add, please do all this information and this is what we'll use to build your site.
Tomeka Watkins: Okay.
Emily Kaiser: Perfect. So if you could kind of start by telling me your story and how you kind of got into clinical care.
Tomeka Watkins: Well, how I got as a clinical care is as a child actually, I was raised by my grandmother. I think I was around six or seven. She was, she had diabetes and we have to go to the doctor with her and they, we had to sit down at those round tables so that they can show us how to, you know, calculate her BGM and report it all these things and give her, we had to give her her insulin shot, take it. And, you know, we learned how to pinch the skin so it won't hurt and everything. She was on hypertension. So anywho, to make a long story short, this is what really grew my love because she, I loved her so much. It was, oh, my God. You know, under my kids, it's her. Right. But so I. I just knew that that was my passion shortly after then. I went into the service, the branch of service, which is the Army. And there I was also known as the caretaker, even though I went in as a 71 Lima, which did nothing but paperwork. Right. And always just had that loving, caring spirit about me. So upon me coming home and getting ready to get discharged from the service, I knew that my desire at that time was to go to school and become a nurse before 22. Okay. And that's what I did.
Tomeka Watkins: You know, program together, and I wanted my grandmother to be able to be here to see me graduate. And she was, you know, yeah. So she was able to come to my graduation, and she didn't see me make my other advances in the field. But, you know, she's seen that first step, that Foundation, because I love this so much. And I've seen a lot of healthcare workers in the field that did not want to do what they were doing. They always associated it with money or, you know, and it wasn't the care and the heart in it. You know, I said, God, if you give me this opportunity, you know, to just become more than just a nurse and take care of people, I promise I'll be a humble one, you know? Yeah. And I wanted to remain humble, and I did, and I just went up and up and up and up and up and up. So, you know, did bachelor's and did masters and did a double masters, you know, did, did my PhD. Then I was like, hey, I want to go into addiction therapy because when you're in here, you see a lot of people that psychiatric and addiction therapy go hand in hand because they use it as a mask.
Emily Kaiser: Right.
Tomeka Watkins: So that's what led me into, like, addiction therapy because of the site. And the family practice part of it, I wanted to be well rounded. I wanted to be holistic. So I wanted to understand the body. I wanted to understand the labs. I wanted to know the veins, the arteries, the bones and everything like that. And how it all integrated and so that I can take better care of my patients, you know, so I understand why I'm not giving this medication. So, yeah, that's my, that's pretty much my story in a nutshell.
Emily Kaiser: Okay, great. I love that so much. Thank you for sharing. So if I could ask, what do you want clients or future clients to understand about what makes you different or, like, maybe your take on this field?
Tomeka Watkins: I will say that I'm what makes, what set me aside from other clinicians is that what you're getting in the beginning is what you're going to always get. You know, I don't. Claim to be perfect, and I don't want them to think that they have to be perfect. You know, we, we are, we were all born of imperfection. So when they come to me, I want them to know that it's a journey, it's a path that they've decided to take, and they're no longer on that path alone, you know, and I'm going to walk with them, me and my team so that we can get them to their optimal level of health, whether that's being in the family practice, psychiatric or addiction therapy role and including different modalities and maybe medication management. It may be therapy, you know, increasing therapy frequencies and durations and stuff like that. So, yeah, groups and all of that stuff. So I want you to feel comfortable, you know, and not being judged. And I don't want them to feel like they can't tell me everything. I want them to feel like, you know, they've been knowing me and they have that opportunity to be free.
Emily Kaiser: Fine. That's awesome. Do you, does your practice, what is your practice name?
Tomeka Watkins: Integrative medical and mental wellness. Okay.
Emily Kaiser: Do you have a little bit of an origin story behind the name, or is it just something you landed on?
Tomeka Watkins: The integrative, because I first went into family practice, medical, and I wanted to not really change when I went into psych. So I wanted to make it more rail rounded without changing the full name. So I did integrative medical and mental. And as I stated before, the addiction therapy kind of goes hand in hand with the site. Right. So. Yeah. And that's why I did integrative, because I integrated everything and every component of my educational background into that name.
Emily Kaiser: Perfect. That's great. I am wondering, do you just thinking about patience and practice and kind of what you're trying to attract? Do you have, like, a favorite type of client or maybe on the flip side, does something come to mind of a patient that maybe isn't your cup of tea or somebody you don't necessarily love to serve?
Tomeka Watkins: Well. When I get to, I, first of all, I'm gonna give every patient the opportunity. If they're, if the opportunity is there. Right. I, I always put on there on Christian days, so I pray about every patient and I say, God, if this patient is not for me, then, you know, they're not for me and vice versa, if I'm not for them, then, hey, because you have to have a connection when it comes to your provider. I don't care if it's family addiction therapy site, whatever. OB. You want that connection. Right. And I. I gotta, I cannot say that I haven't turned a patient down, but I will always say I've tried and nothing beats a failure but a trial, you know? So if I do get to that point where I feel like me and a patient, we are not on the same page, or this is going nowhere. And I feel like it's not beneficial. It's not therapeutic. You know, it's not a working relationship, then. Yeah, I can. I know how to professionally and kindly let the patient know without being abruptive or criticizing or making the worse, you know, because we have to think what they're coming here for. And then first I had one, one patient that say, you know, that, you know, they wanted to change as well. So we did enmesh. But like I said, I am very Christian based. And, you know, so I do want to put that in my profile.
Tomeka Watkins: So they know that. But I'm also not judgmental. So that means I accept people for who they are and how they come. So I also cater my services to the lgbtq community. You know, I don't care. We must love everybody. I don't have a specific group of people that I prefer not to work with. Okay. You know, that I can't say that.
Emily Kaiser: Yeah. Okay, great. That is all good feedback. Thinking about website feel. Do you have any particular colors that. Did you say you have a website?
Tomeka Watkins: You do have one. I haven't looked, though.
Emily Kaiser: I haven't asked you for a couple different things at the end of the meeting, if you could send me that maybe before the end of the week, if you could send me just the. Yeah, yeah. URL so we could kind of see what you're working with or what you were working with in the past. But I guess just if we could do, like, free associate, if you could throw a couple words at me as far as free associate words, what kind of comes to mind when you think about your practice and what you want people to feel as they're kind of stepping into your website and in your and your care.
Tomeka Watkins: Without me even sending you the URL, I can give you that. I want them to feel like warm. I want them to feel cohesiveness. I want them to feel Innovative. I want them to feel. Trust. And I want them to feel like. I want them to understand what holistic is. Right. So I really, I'm looking for a warm website. I don't want it to be bold. I don't want the Reds or anything like that. I want it to be calm. If you think about somatic therapy, I want the water. Maybe something like that. I want the calmness. So when they come to my website, it gives them a sense of peace and Tranquility. Okay, perfect.
Emily Kaiser: I think you actually answered my next question as far as other any particular colors or Vibes that you're into versus what you don't want.
Emily Kaiser: But I think I got a good idea for that very warm colors.
Tomeka Watkins: Yeah. No reds, no nothing. Anything somatic water. Yeah, stuff like that.
Emily Kaiser: Okay, perfect. Well, thank you so much for sharing all that information. I mean, I just personally love to hear it. It's where you are as a clinician. I think that's so great. The work you're doing.
Emily Kaiser: But also it's so helpful in allowing us to kind of build the perfect site for you. Like I said, if you could send me over maybe before, if you could send it today, that would be great. I know it's the end of the day. So if it's before Friday also. What's that?
Tomeka Watkins: I don't get offensive seven today.
Emily Kaiser: Okay, so maybe before the end of the week, if that's okay. But we need your logo if you have one headshot. Perfect. A headshot. Any profiles that you want your clients to see on your website? Your cv. Okay. And inspiration. It could literally be a picture of your cat. It could be anything that you kind of want to kind of pour into your website as far as inspiration. How does that sound?
Tomeka Watkins: That sounds good. And I'm. I'm trying to see if I don't even see the website here. I'm trying to see if it's still on here. And I think it's just. Wait, yes, it is. No, that's not me. I don't know if it's still because I know the domain may be down. So let me. You need my CV.
Emily Kaiser: Correct. Yes.
Tomeka Watkins: Okay. And you need my. Logo.
Emily Kaiser: Yes. Your logo. Let me pull this up again. Okay, we need your logo, a headshot, or just a photo of yourself that you really like. Profiles, anything that you want. To kind of use to guide your customers to or your patients too. Your CV. So everything as far as your educational background, things like that. And any inspiration on top of that, if you, if you care to share anything that you're like, you know what? I really like this. This kind of defines who I am. Go ahead and send it and we will filter it in or even just use it as inspiration. Okay. Gotcha. And then I would love to schedule a call about a week out to do a website reveal.
Tomeka Watkins: Okay. Yeah, that'd be good because I was going to ask. So we're doing. So this will be done in a week. Okay, cool.
Emily Kaiser: Lastly, probably less than a week. Our team works very fast once we receive those documents from you will fully enter it. Everything and really get started on the building.
Tomeka Watkins: So can I log into jot start now?
Emily Kaiser: I don't actually. Think you can. Can you log in to John? That's a good question. I'm not sure if you can really.
Tomeka Watkins: Part of it.
Emily Kaiser: I wonder if I can manage everything from your gut psych web or login.
Tomeka Watkins: Okay.
Emily Kaiser: Jack Bridge.
Tomeka Watkins: Yeah.
Emily Kaiser: If you want, we can. I mean, we'll have a call in about a week, but if you're navigating anything and you have any questions, you can always email me at the email that we were working on. Or you can call me and I can help navigate through anything.
Tomeka Watkins: Okay. So you want me to send these things to the email that's connected here to the Google
Emily Kaiser: meet and said, okay, yeah, that would be great.
Tomeka Watkins: Okay. I'll email those things really quick.
Emily Kaiser: Okay. And I am actually going to be out of the office. On. In about a week. So what we could do is I could schedule it on the ninth or 10th, and it would maybe fall into somebody else's hands, or I could schedule you when I get back on the 15th. What works best for you.
Tomeka Watkins: Know what the 15 is. Hold on. April 15th. What has happened on the 15th? One second. I know I gotta check my calendar really quick.
Emily Kaiser: But I think you wanted to do the end of that week, too.
Emily Kaiser: Whatever you prefer, because I know it is about a week, so I don't want to push that further if you're excited and you want to see it. We can always, you know, have the else do the meeting with you.
Tomeka Watkins: That's fine. It's fine. I actually just took that off my schedule. I don't need. I don't. A repentant is actually open.
Emily Kaiser: Okay. Are you on Eastern Standard Time?
Tomeka Watkins: Central.
Emily Kaiser: Central. Okay. How about. How about a morning? Maybe like 9, 10, 11 or 12, which I'm Eastern, so that's about an hour before you. So that would be 8, 9, 10, 11.
Tomeka Watkins: On Wednesday. Let's do. 10 o'clock.
Emily Kaiser: 10 o'clock. You are time, correct? Yes. Okay, perfect. Could you repeat your email for me?
Tomeka Watkins: Yes. Provider. I as an igloo and right here, actually.
Emily Kaiser: I won't make you say the whole thing. Okay. And could you also remind me? Oh, you know what? I will just do this. Okay, great.
Tomeka Watkins: And I'm putting it on my. On this calendar here that this work calendar so I can know.
Emily Kaiser: Too. Perfect. I also just sent you a calendar invite, so you will see it come to that email. Okay, so you should be all good to go. Yeah. For sharing all your information. And thank you for, you know, I mean, you have been a jot sit customer for a while, so we appreciate, obviously, your business, but trusting us with your website and doing all of these things. And you are certainly in good hands. We're excited to be working together.
Tomeka Watkins: Oh, thank you so much. I appreciate it. I'm very excited what you guys have integrated into the software and everything's very great.
Emily Kaiser: Yeah. Yeah. Awesome. So thank you so much. And I know we kind of touched on other features. So on your website reveal call, we can go through anything that you have remaining questions on as far as, like, the e prescription or anything like that.
Tomeka Watkins: Okay, sounds good. Sounds good.
Emily Kaiser: Great.
Tomeka Watkins: Thank you for your day mail in a minute. You do the same.
Emily Kaiser: Okay. Thanks.
Tomeka Watkins: Bye. Bye-bye.