Emily Kaiser: Um, so just kind of a note. I don't know what you do right now for your other is your other position is in a hospital. Did you tell me?
Nerly: No it's outpatient so I go to facilities so they have their own well, I could actually well we have a charting system already that like does dictation and stuff and I have to put my notes into that system.
Emily Kaiser: Okay so that's the AI scribe.
Nerly: No it's a RISTA it's not really it doesn't use AI I have to do my own charting but most of it is already like check check check marks so really it's like the little note that I have to do. The issue is with those patients most of my patients are like older and dementia and like sometimes AI couldn't pick up what they're saying or some of them don't even speak so a lot of my assessment is like from the nurses or you know a family or sometimes it's just like just look visually looking at the person so I don't know if like jot site would be the best like thing for those patients now my private patients absolutely actually one of my mentors had referred me to this website because she was like it does so much more but also it's not as expensive as the other systems.
Emily Kaiser: Okay okay great all really good feedback we really appreciate just kind of understanding our customers in the sense of like how they use Jot psych and in different ways it's just super helpful to help us develop the product in a proper way. So what we do what we'll do today is we'll run through a little bit of the demo what I typically have people do is log in on your end and share your screen if that works for you so that way any changes we make or basically just having you
Nerly: navigate there I'm logged in because that's what I was doing while I was talking because I want I'm a visual person exactly.
Emily Kaiser: Exactly so if you are logged in just go ahead and share your screen and if you're unfamiliar with thank you. Love you go ahead sorry if you're unver no it's okay to share your screen at the bottom next to the camera is that little laptop with the arrow pointing up that's how you share your screen so you'll get a drop down of which screen you want to share and just make sure you click the active jot cycle one that you're in.
Emily Kaiser: It might say smart scribe.
Nerly: Nope it says job site behavioral health AI scribe software.
Nerly: Yeah let's try that one maybe when my window hold on maybe
Emily Kaiser: this some people like to just share their entire screen if you're seeing that option just because that way you don't have to select one okay yes entire screen. Perfect. Okay great okay so. Let's see so this is your home page now you I know you said that you use it but you haven't you don't have so many active clients or patients on your in your private practice so when's the last time you reported a note?
Nerly: Oh gosh a while ago yeah it's been at least a month
Emily Kaiser: okay would you feel comfortable with clicking a patient and looking at one of your prior notes so we can kind of walk through it that way?
Nerly: This is what you mean?
Emily Kaiser: Yes okay so let's actually go to let's okay. Sorry I'm just trying to think about how this would be most productive okay so let's start here and then I'm gonna have you move to the patient portal and we'll look at those features and then we'll kind of move on from there so basically and I should ask just so again I can tailor the demo the best way possible I'm gonna ask you two questions really quick before we get started are you a prescriber.
Emily Kaiser: Yes okay so e prescription is something that could be applicable to your line of work and how do you currently handle billing?
Nerly: I go through like the platforms like the Alma.
Emily Kaiser: Headway things like that okay so you have a third party correct. Okay so let's run through the features of jot psych just pretty quickly and then I'd love to focus on those two things as somebody that is starting their private practice and I would imagine that is your long term goal to just with a lot of customers I meet with that's kind of the long term goal for them is to kind of get that stable and off the ground as quick as possible absolutely. Let me see here let me pull up my correct note okay so what you're seeing here on your note is basically once you record this is what is produced based off the template that you choose do you have any questions as far as the templates and forms go
Nerly: well yes that I have an issue because I was trying to do my I have templates I don't know how to incorporate them. Or do they have simplest because some of the templates I was trying to like save to my templates but I couldn't do it.
Emily Kaiser: Okay so let's go to templates then really quick if you go to documentation at the top there and a window is going to pull down and you're going to select templates or yes note templates. Okay so these right here under your templates you will see these are all of your like go to templates to where when you go to record a session with a patient these are the ones that are going to pop up for you to select in this where we are right now this is where you can edit that list.
Emily Kaiser: Okay now below that where you see create new you'll see upload templates start from scratch browse library okay perfect so what you hear what you can do is you can upload a template if you have a custom template that you've been using either at your private practice or at your organization this is where you can upload that template and take it and kind of make it its own.
Nerly: Okay.
Emily Kaiser: You can start from scratch using our template builder or you can browse our library if you haven't already and look at the templates that are available to you.
Nerly: So when I went into browse my the library when I saw templates that I liked I couldn't. Add them to my like my templates
Emily Kaiser: okay so let's go let's do that now go to browse library for me. So if you scroll down out of these templates which ones are most applicable that you would like to pull over to your list?
Nerly: I mean I did I already did so. I already apparently did like a psychiatric progress note a therapy note now if I'm looking for like let's say for instance is this all the templates that they okay like intake inpatient oh that's an inpatient that's not that's what I not needed okay like a depression and anxiety intake. So how would I do that?
Emily Kaiser: So where it says add right there that purple ad go ahead and click that. You click the template itself or did you click add? I'm just curious.
Nerly: I pressed add hold on a second okay I went all the way back one second no problem.
Emily Kaiser: Let me know if you need help navigating back to where we were.
Nerly: Okay so browse library I'm gonna go down to.
Emily Kaiser: Okay perfect so do you see now that the ad is gone now
Nerly: it says in your list okay
Emily Kaiser: yet on the left hand side under your templates if you hover over there and scroll down just a bit.
Emily Kaiser: Okay on one side yep if and then if you scroll down right there okay it should be there if you scroll down. So again this is just your templates this is where you customize that list and that list pops up right when you go to record you choose a patient and then you're going to choose what template to use so if you ever find that like a template should be on that list that you want to just kind of grab and go. This is how you add and edit that list.
Nerly: Okay understood.
Emily Kaiser: Perfect. Any questions here? No.
Nerly: Okay cool I guess you how to do it I just oh no that's okay no
Emily Kaiser: worries no worries at all common question so. What else let's think so do you have any questions about copy and pasting information over to your EHR or transferring information at all?
Nerly: Has that been I haven't done it as of yet what I did is I downloaded because it was like my first patient so I downloaded it and I saved it to my like the note that was created and I made my corrections I just downloaded it and saved it under the patients. Like name like initial.
Nerly: It's just somewhere else to do it like another way to do it.
Emily Kaiser: Yeah let me show you so if you go over to let's go to documentation and let's click. Okay to any note there.
Nerly: Look into it yeah.
Emily Kaiser: So you're going to see there's a couple different ways to do this if you want to copy all information and paste all information at the top there kind of exactly copy all sections is what you would do and then where you want to paste it you just basically go in and you if it's a word doc you right click you paste and that's your information if you can paste directly into your EHR if you have that capability you just right click you paste there and that information will go in there. Okay you find that it's too much information and you don't need all of this information what you do is you do you see those circles they're located two different places so exactly there. Yeah. And then actually in the note itself a little bit to the right they're going to be next to each section. So I actually like doing it the first way you did it so if you go over to note sections and then you can click and check mark check mark each section that you would like to pull over and you could be selective in that way if you don't need all information. So as you check marked check mark each section basically you will select which ones you want to pick and then you go to copy selected and then you'll pull over specific information.
Nerly: Oh great.
Emily Kaiser: And then before we move out of here I want to. I'm wondering have you used the AI assistant underneath our bubble there? Have you given any feedback or wanted to adjust any notes edit anything? Just to kind of make it more. So where you see you and I like on your screen yep if you move that over. If you move it all the way over to the left hand side that's your AI note assistant so say if you notice anything or you again just want to make your note feel more like you in the sense of formatting where you can get this is where you can do that
Nerly: I don't remember seeing this when I was doing okay
Emily Kaiser: yes this is a more updated version. Basically this is your AI assistant to where you can say.
Emily Kaiser: I'm sorry no that's okay no worries.
Nerly: You get your brother to do it please I'm in a meeting. Look in there. Just pick any car exit Christian I'm sorry. No worries mom is home and I haven't been home all day I'm sorry
Emily Kaiser: I get it I certainly do. Okay so for the AI assistant no worries at all truly for the AI assistant basically you can type in any sort of input or any sort of feedback of how you want to adjust your note here it could be anything it can be make HPI bullet points it can be change the word patient to Stacy it can be anything at all.
Emily Kaiser: You can change wording you can adjust say it's like doing something funky with the name of your medication for some reason you can adjust that there or you can even give it feedback like make the summary shorter from now on going forward. Okay not only are you giving it feedback but your training jot psych on how to produce notes that eventually you won't have to edit in the slightest and it will feel exactly like your notes you are warning your format nice yeah, so that's kind of how you do that there so definitely encourage you as you kind of record these notes and if you if you catch yourself making changes at all in any regard definitely try out the AI node assistant because it's going to save you a lot of time. So now I know we're kind of coming up on time here so let me actually I don't know about you but I have until 3:30 today if you have a little bit of time to go over yes no I miss fine okay perfect so let's go over for you so but I know you have other appointments so you're good okay perfect so let's I would like to cover e prescription and billing just to show you a little bit of how this works and maybe how it compares to your current systems so if you go over to try I think the best so go to billing and auditing we'll start here okay. Let me pull up my information on billing as well and that may be useful because there's only certain amount of things that you can see on the billing and e prescription features without actually activating them on your end so. How do you currently handle e prescription do you
Nerly: I honestly have not I've been calling in my medication like I told you I just got started so I only have like two private patients so I've been calling in their medication because right now it's manageable obviously once I start going like fully you know incorporating where I transition from my full-time job to this I'm going to need to do like e-prescription.
Emily Kaiser: Okay okay so basically what. E-prescription is is prescribing directly in the chart so you don't have to leave anything so I'm wondering here could you move that little bubble where we are again maybe just right where it was originally. Okay and if you could let's go to patients there's a couple ways we can get to it. And then click any patient. Alfred Appleseed is our demo if you wanted to do that okay. So Alfred is basically just where you can see like examples of what information should look like so at the bottom or not at the bottom but right underneath his name you'll see set up e prescription. If you click this we're not going to send anything up, but this is basically how where that says set up e prescription if you had a prescription active that would say prescribe. So you could just basically click that button you type in the medication we have our prescribing partner is do spot so basically that information those two systems basically communicate so you don't have to put in any information twice once you're all set up and good to go you just prescribe directly in the chart it's super convenient super quick and you prescribe a new go you can do it directly in the meeting sit there pharmacy correct yeah so what you would do when you get everybody set up and if that is the daunting thing we hear that sometimes of oh you know it doesn't sound like you have like a current system in place but if you had one in place we do offer data transfers so we basically we could bulk transfer all of your patients over that was a part of the hesitation. But once you enter in all of your patients you're going to put their information in there as well as their pharmacy information so you can kind of do it as you get new patients so it's kind of one one at a time so it's not overwhelming and yeah basically that's it you just prescribe directly in the chart their pharmacy is already their default pharmacy unless they want to change it then of course you can go in and change it or make adjustments and then you're just good to go it's directly in the chart no need for double putting double inputting that information as you are probably familiar with sometimes you have to enter an insurance information twice patient information all that kind of stuff. Super seamless it's kind of what we're working on is being a one stop shop for clinicians because we're hearing so many people and behavior because exactly
Nerly: things for different things and I'm like this
Emily Kaiser: exactly much you know too much yeah it's too much and Jot's like started as an AI scribe to really save clinicians time for note taking but we got so much feedback from our customers that there's too many systems there's too many windows to keep open and you have to deal with the AI scribe and the e prescribing and the billing. And so Jatz really working on being an all in one system to where you can do
Nerly: everything all in one I do want to do my own billing is just because I don't really have a lot of patience but eventually that's what I want to do my own billing as well. And not use like a third party.
Emily Kaiser: Yes exactly so for e prescription I mean just while you're kind of thinking about it comparing cost if you wanted to try it for the month what you can do is activate it on your end. But so I can show you how to walk through that but it's $69 a month so again if you wanted to test it out if you have like how many patients do you have right now in your private practice? Just to okay so yeah if you wanted to try it out or maybe you wanted to wait until it grew a little bit and try it out for a month and see what you thought. It's super easy and it's super seamless and we're getting a lot of really good feedback so I can show you if you go into go back to jot psych like just the if you just click the JOT SEC logo there at the top. See I'm trying to find are you logged in? Looks like you are yeah trying to find your settings here. Typically it's where that help is. Maybe your practice oh yeah there we go.
Nerly: Oh my practice so it's really light.
Emily Kaiser: It's hiding in there okay so if you go to oh right there at the top add jot rx to your plan so you can go to clinicians what does it how it's going to prompt you basically is it wants you to if you're a part of an organization it wants the owner or the purchaser to activate it first and then you can add clinicians so that's why that wording is like that's just you would just go ahead and you would activate it this way so if that have you ever want to do that and you just want a little bit more thorough help walking through it as you go to sign up just let me know and we can set up a call like this and I can walk you through how to how to activate it. Okay any questions on the jot RX before we move to the billing no no no okay self-explanatory okay great so let me see here. I am. Going up my information here. Okay, so jot bill basically very similar to jot RX is we were hearing that billing is a bit of a headache to say the least in the behavioral in the behavioral health space when it comes to all the auditing and the getting credentialed and just everything that kind of comes with the billing and Jotz like is moving towards doing all of that for clinicians so what we do is we handle credentialing and we understand that you mentioned headway and so we understand that a lot of clinicians are with systems and third parties like headway specifically because of the credentialing and the cost and the paperwork at all.
Emily Kaiser: So that's one thing to know is we do jot cred which is credentialing basically there's $350 initial fee and then it's 300 per payer. Okay so again just kind of while you're comparing prices and then for jot bill basically we take anywhere between four and 8% depending on what kind of package you sign up for. So again if you're just kind of comparing with headway basically we have an essentials a complete and a max plan. I think for you because you have two patients right now essentials would be so we would do 4% of successful collections just while kind of talking about jot bill just so you can get a little bit of a feel of pricing and comparison to what you're currently paying. But what that would include is basically hypervigilant eligibility checks. So we do all your eligibility checks. We create payer aware documentation and coding. So we suggest billing codes. We do jot audit. So basically you're flagging certain things that could be flagged while going through the billing process to eliminate delays and then clean claim generation and submission. So yeah that's kind of just a little bit about it. Any questions? No. Up on time here. I wanted to know if you wanted to. I know we kind of walked through jot psych in general. Any questions on jot psych AI scribe, the features that you're currently using, anything I didn't go over, or hopefully I didn't create more confusion.
Nerly: No, no, no, no, no. You didn't actually, you gave a lot of clarity, so I appreciate that. The question I had as far as, like, When you're seeing your patients and you want to send, like, say, for instance.
Nerly: Do we do that on this side as well?
Emily Kaiser: Yes. So actually, if you actually just go to jot psych.com without being signed in, there is a consent form. On our. Website. So let's see. Go to learn more.
Nerly: Learn more. Where is that?
Emily Kaiser: At the top there? You'll see groups, Specialties, and learn more.
Nerly: Oh, yes. Yes.
Emily Kaiser: And then security and privacy. Oh, I'm sorry. It's actually getting patient consent. We separated them. And then if you scroll down. Load template. And then I'm not sure if you're aware, but really quick, if you could actually go back over to your jot psych. Where you were signed in. Hopefully you might have used that, that tab.
Nerly: I think I closed it out.
Emily Kaiser: I just want to show you you have the ability to send forms directly to from jot psych to patients. So let's go back to patient. The patient portal really quick. And then click anybody. And as you scroll down, you're going to see that little bar pop up. It says forms. Yes. Labs documents follow up payment. So you have the access, you have the ability to do all of those things through job psych so you can send forms, you can generate lab request, any documentation, follow ups about meetings or, you know, your what you just saw the patient for and then also requesting payment.
Nerly: Okay.
Emily Kaiser: Perfect. So do you want to maybe set up an additional meeting? I don't know. I mean, I know that what we want to do is kind of, it sounds like what you want to do is grow your business before you really think about expanding onto any of these things. And that's totally fair. But maybe we could set up a meeting in like a month or so and see where you're at and see if any of these things are more applicable
Nerly: that that would definitely, I would definitely be interested, like the billing and auditing until like I get but like the e-scribe and stuff like that, just having it in one place would really help where I don't have to do the back and forth, obviously with two patients right now. It's kind of hard to say well to take on that, you know, that bill, the cost of it. And not have the patience because they're really not even on any medications. And actually they're my cash patients. So it's like it's not worth it for me right now. But I would definitely be open to meeting in about a month and see how it goes. Yes, absolutely.
Emily Kaiser: That sounds great and that's all so valid, I think, especially while kind of transferring over to your private practice. Like you said, you're going to find that, you know, you're going to be comparing and cutting costs and figuring out what is worth your time. Right. But I think as you kind of grow your, your customer base and your patient base that you'll find that not only is jobsite nice because it's a one stop shop and you have everything in one system, but you also have one payment, you know what I mean? We're hearing from a lot of people that all of these different systems and softwares and apps that they have to sign up for. It's a different reoccurring cost every month.
Emily Kaiser: So we're finding that we're not only comparable, but we're competitive. So let's set up a meeting in a month and we can kind of get a better idea. And if a month is, if you're like, okay, a month went by and nothing's really changed, that's totally fine. We can push the meeting back. So we'll kind of keep it tentative. Okay. How about. Monday the 27th?
Nerly: Mondays are horrible for me.
Emily Kaiser: Can we Friday? Whatever, whatever day that far out, I have total flexibility.
Nerly: So we're in March. Hold on April.
Emily Kaiser: I think anywhere between April 20th and April 30 or that week or those two weeks would be good.
Nerly: For. What about the 22nd?
Emily Kaiser: Yeah, we could do that. Okay. What time works best for you.
Nerly: It's going to have to be in the afternoon because I work in them while I'm actually, you know, I work, but I do outpatient, but in the mornings I do rounding, so.
Emily Kaiser: Okay. And you are Eastern Standard Time, correct?
Nerly: Correct.
Emily Kaiser: Okay. Do you have a specific time? Like we could do a 330, a four
Nerly: o'clock on the 22nd is okay.
Emily Kaiser: Okay, great. Okay, great. So I will send you another calendar link. Just make sure to. Oh, here you are. Just make sure to confirm or add to calendar so you see that on your calendar as well. And then we will send. Yes. Four o'clock.
Nerly: Okay.
Emily Kaiser: And we'll send a calendar or, I'm sorry, a meeting confirmation the day before and day of as well. So we'll just kind of touch base then and see what we think.
Nerly: All right. Sounds good. Thank you so much for your help.
Emily Kaiser: Thank you for your time. And if you have any questions in the meantime between now and then, please don't hesitate to give us a call or text us. And we're happy to help.
Nerly: Sounds good. Thank you so much.
Emily Kaiser: Thank you. Have a great day.
Nerly: Bye.