loganberrian: Good, how's it going?
Nathan Peereboom: Good, good.
loganberrian: It's so nice to meet you. Yeah, you too.
Nathan Peereboom: Oh my gosh, it's sort of right here. I'm going to be like a shining kind of bleached figure for this call, but that's all right. Well, my name is Nate. I'm the CEO and co-founder of Jotzyc, and I think that you have talked to one of my colleagues about our new building offering, which we're extremely excited about. But before we get to all that, I would love to just understand about you. Tell me about who you are, what your practice is, what world you live in, and what kind of patients you see.
loganberrian: As I was talking to. Your colleagues. I work primarily with use in dual diagnosis. I do some private practice, both med management and just. Therapy as well. But I'm a country permanently in six weeks. I agreed to do this call because I am considering a private practice from Thailand, but I'm not, I haven't even decided. So I'm just kind of interested in. What you're offering because I didn't quite understand if that would be something that would be beneficial to me if I decided to do that or not.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, totally. Well, let me just understand a little bit. So do you use JotSite right now?
loganberrian: I do not. I have a cold call. And we were just talking, you know, like before I got off the phone, I was like, I'm not even living here. So I don't think there's any reason. So like move forward with this call, but he was like, well, maybe it could work. Obviously, I've like had all the calls from Headway and whatever the other ones are. I've heard a lot of. Negative things more than positive. Of things like that. And Zocdoc and whatever are, what are you guys doing that's different than that?
Nathan Peereboom: Okay. So we are not like an MSO. The way that we work is we will set up your personal website. Get you credentialed if you need that. And then give you a full EHR that you basically run out of. Now, if you want us to do billing, we'll take 4% to 8% to completely handle that so you don't ever have to think about billing. And that 48% is compared to the 20 to 30% that a company like Headway, RULA, or Growth Therapy are taking based on, you know, the reimbursement that you could be getting as a direct to insurance clinician. So the advantages for us are we've built an AI system that writes your notes in accordance with the payer documents that there's a really, really low chance of audit clawbacks and claims go through faster than they typically do. So the reason why we started this company was because we have a performance advantage when it comes to getting paid by insurance companies. And so that's kind of the centerpiece. But then everything around it is designed to just make it really easy for you to just practice clinical care and not really worry. But Logan, before, I mean, you're totally right. This might not be something that you're interested in. Why do you want to maintain a practice when you move to Thailand? Like help me understand what's important to you because people, everyone's got different things that they're trying to do and we're not trying to cram anything down anyone's throat here. Like what are you trying to do with your life? Like you're, you're making this really big.
loganberrian: I don't know that they want to maintain a practice. I don't know that I want to work at all. So I'm like kind of on the fence of if I'm going to. But I know that I would not be able to be like credentialed right now. Like all my credentialing is through my job. So I would not be able to be credentialed like on my own. Because you can't. Be making insurance claims from out of the country. So it all have to be self pay. And if I were to do this. And continue to work, what I would want to do because it will be a lower cost of living. Is I could offer like to people that typically are fighting themselves unable to access psychiatric care. I would be able to offer it like at a fraction of what I would here. So I see someone self pay and it's $250 an hour here. I see someone self pay there. I could drop that to like 100 or even 75 an hour.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. Well, me, I'll just show you how you would do this if you did use chat psych. So you can see it. So if you wanted to do that. You know, you record the visit in Jot site, you know, just like normal.
Nathan Peereboom: You know, we're in AI scratch. That's like, you know, the main interface. And then when you receive the note, you know, you can always just charge the patient directly from there. So you can just put in, you know, whatever $100 and then setting the request. And the benefit here, it's just super, super simple. Like they get a little pay link on their phone, you get a record of all the payments they've made. So if self pay is what you're doing. Then that's really easy and you don't even need a billing company. You should just do it through Jot site. We don't charge anything for this. There's like a credit card processing fee that are, you know, that Stripe charges. But I mean, it's really, really, really easy. Like you just put in the dollar amount, you connect your bank account to Stripe. And all the backend work is done. And again, we don't charge anything for it.
loganberrian: So how do you guys make money?
Nathan Peereboom: We make money because there is a subscription cost to the software writ large. So that's how the revenue model.
loganberrian: Okay. And what would that look like for me?
Nathan Peereboom: So it depends. If you want to do like e-prescription through us, would you be interested in that? Do you want to do any prescription dress?
loganberrian: Yeah, I think that would probably be the best way.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. So I think. Well, tell me everything that you want to do because, you know, the base, if you just want to use the scribe, it's like $99. If you want to use, you know our e-prescription, it's another like 69 on top of that.
loganberrian: You know, and then there's different.
Nathan Peereboom: Like.
loganberrian: Is that annually or is that monthly or what?
Nathan Peereboom: Monthly.
loganberrian: Yeah, it's monthly. Okay. I know like. Okay. It's a little cheaper for. I forget what it is like doc matters or something. But it's okay continue. Sorry. I just want to like really fully see.
Nathan Peereboom: So my vote for you would just be start with that.
Nathan Peereboom: I mean, start with it on a free trial basis. Like start with the just the scribe, see if you like the scribe and how the software works for you in general. But if what you're doing is charging patients, sending you prescriptions and doing notes, that's it.
loganberrian: Yeah. That sounds like that could be very worthwhile. I. Am definitely. Like, I need some time to like. Get out there and kind of set up my life before I decide if I want to like start basically start a new business here from there.
Nathan Peereboom: You know?
loganberrian: Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: Logan, why are you moving to Thailand?
loganberrian: Because. This country. Is fucked and I don't want to live here anymore. Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: Do you know folks in Thailand or is it just.
loganberrian: Now I have a bunch of friends there like all over the country in different places like north, south, various islands. So I'm kind of like going to like go around see where everybody's at if any of those places are places that I like. And I will stay there. One of my best friends just died very unexpectedly of lung cancer, which he was diagnosed with like out of the blue in the summer and just past a few weeks ago. And so I spent a lot of time taking care of him and that was very. You know, very difficult to see like a young person dying in a pretty horrible way. And he said to me like never do anything that you don't want to do. That's like my biggest regret in life. And I realize like I am. Working so that I can pay for a bunch of expensive stuff that I don't really need or want. And it's just a cycle that continues every day and I could go live on the beach instead.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, totally. Well tell me tell me this. I mean that totally makes sense and honestly words of wisdom for all of us to live by. What would you find helpful? Because you know again our philosophy is we don't want to make anyone do what they don't want to do because that just comes around to bite us eventually. So tell me what you would find helpful and we'll just go with that. Do you want us to reach out to you? I mean.
loganberrian: Definitely do. And if you like why don't we touch baseline like three months? And if you have like. Regular emails you guys send out or whatever. I'm happy to receive those two. I am definitely interested. I just don't know. Like. I don't particularly want to. Work and my goal is just to like live off of the money that I have saved. But if it looks like I want to go back to like I'm there and I'm like, oh really want to, for my good psychiatry. Then I will definitely think that your product looks really good.
Nathan Peereboom: Awesome. Okay. So I'm just going to put this on the calendar. How does. May 20th sound?
loganberrian: I think that's probably a little too soon. Let's do more like June. Okay great.
loganberrian: Yeah because I don't even get there until May 2nd.
Nathan Peereboom: Totally. Okay yeah that makes sense. The 19th sound at like. Let's see you're going to be in Thailand. So morning my best for you. So I'm at 9:00 a.m. eastern. On Friday the 19th.
loganberrian: Okay anything. Hold down I just need to get into the right time zone on this. So okay. So for my time that's like 11:30 at. 90.
Nathan Peereboom: Crap. Oh interesting so I should go the other way I should do super late in the afternoon yeah like
loganberrian: we could do something that like is like 10 o'clock. That's kind of really for you.
Nathan Peereboom: What about let's see so that's 11:30 so when do you. See. I'm just going to do 9:00 a.m. est in Thailand to EST that's what we'll do. Oh my gosh we had 12 hours okay it's a 12 hour dislocation.
loganberrian: Dam well 9:00 a. M eastern to well to 9:00 p.m. is great actually that's fine 9:00 p.m. is fine.
Nathan Peereboom: Oh perfect okay great so no problem. Okay so let's do 9:00 a.m. eastern on the 19th which is 9:00 p.m.
loganberrian: your time on the 19th does that work yep that's
Nathan Peereboom: great awesome okay cool so the invite is in your inbox and we'll talk to them okay
loganberrian: sounds good thank you so much have a great day yeah you too safe trip. Thank you appreciate it. Weirdo. What is wrong. I'm not giving you any more.