Adam Harrison: Hey, Jonathan, can you hear me? It's my audio coming through. Any. Any audio on your side?
Jonathan: Can't hear anything.
Adam Harrison: No. Okay, hold on. How about now? Is that working? I just changed my phone. Well, good.
Jonathan: I can hear you.
Adam Harrison: Okay. Awesome, awesome. Glad we got that solved. Sorry about that. Google Meet is a little, you know.
Jonathan: Yeah, yeah. Every time it's something different.
Adam Harrison: It's a little. Little clunky. So. Yeah, thanks. Thanks for. Thanks for bearing with me there. Well, great to meet you. I can start by doing kind of introduction on my side. I have some context from Nate I think you spoke to. Was it a few days ago or last week sometime?
Jonathan: Yeah, on Monday.
Adam Harrison: Monday. So understand you're kind of interested in doing sort of a test run of kind of billing with Jot. Psych. Thank you. Currently, I'm just kind of recapping what Nate shared, so. Sounds like you currently are using. Was it advanced? Advanced md. They're rolling out some new AI stuff pretty soon. So you're kind of debating, hey, am I going to stick with that? Am I going to try something different? You have some claims from the last month or so that kind of need to get processed in the meantime. So my understanding was this would be sort of like a. We would do kind of a test batch for you with. With your. With your existing claims. And then, you know, you'll be able to pull up and kind of make a decision, you know, once you see that alongside, you know, advanced MDs. New. New stuff. But that's the context I have.
Jonathan: Yes. Yep. One thing. So I'm still. I'm. I'm. I started this practice a month ago. I am still in the process of collecting people's insurance and stuff, so I don't have everybody's insurance. So whatever we can do, we can do, but I understand it's not going to be complete.
Adam Harrison: Okay. Yeah, we'll definitely help you get as far as we can and we'll work through it together. Well, yeah, let me maybe start with just a couple. I can maybe just start with introducing myself on my end. And yeah, we'd love to hear a little bit more about you and your practice too. So, yeah, I'm kind of leading up things on our billing side here at JOT Psych, so I'm kind of the day to day contact that you would have if you were to kind of continue with JOT Psych's billing and you know, have, have a team of like, you know, we have our AI software which helps to like prep the claims and do the coding. And then we also have, you know, like expert billers that are reviewing things manually themselves and doing kind of a final check. But I am sort of like more, you know, more like front of house, you know, would be like your main point of contact for anything you need as well as like pretty deep in the weeds on, on all the, all the details of your, your account. So that is. Yeah, I think Nate went through like the JOT Bill deck with you already, so won't kind of like go through the pitch or anything like that. I think you, you sounds like you heard that already, but yeah, I would love to just hear a little bit more about you, your practice, kind of where you are, what, what's. What you're looking for next.
Jonathan: Okay, so, yeah, so like I said, it opened January 6th, was my first day seeing patients.
Jonathan: I came with a full load. So the practice where I left, long story short, I was unexpectedly given a three month departure anyway, so I have a scramble to get the practice up and running and every one of my patients has come with me. So it's been difficult in that I have full roster and I. The PAs are coming left and right, you know, but I still have to answer. I'm. I'm the only one right now I'm looking to hire somebody, but I'm answering the phones, I'm doing the.
Jonathan: Okay, doing it all, and I'm barely treading water.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, I can imagine.
Jonathan: Yeah. And I haven't. So I'm in the process of credentialing, which is also the, the kind of shotgun start to this practice. I don't have all the credentials in place, so I right now have Cigna and it looks on the Medicaid website that I've been approved for that, but I, I don't know if I have to do an edi. I. I don't, I don't know what. I don't know right now.
Adam Harrison: And where are you based out of?
Jonathan: What's that?
Adam Harrison: Where are you based out of?
Jonathan: Post Falls, Idaho.
Adam Harrison: Okay, got it, got it.
Jonathan: Okay, so the medication side, I'm good. I know I can handle the practice side I. The billing. I don't know what I'm doing. I'm learning rapidly on the prior authorizations. I've gotten a few approved, so something's coming there. But any help with the billing is. I ate the whole month of January basically. And I, I know I've. I've. In my fee schedule I've over inflated the, the charges just to be able to capture all the dollars basically. And I know this isn't a real amount, but 35000 I wrote off in January.
Adam Harrison: Okay, got it. All right. So yeah, definitely some real, some real volume. And we want to make sure we get as much of that as we can help. Helpful context. And then in terms of kind of the current, you know, technology you're using, is it just advanced MD at this point or are there other like systems and tools you're using?
Jonathan: Well, the job site for the notes, but. Okay, just between those two.
Adam Harrison: Got it. And are you, are you using jot Psych for your notes? You copy paste of jot Psych or you kind of keep as like your ehr as well?
Jonathan: Well, no, yeah, I'll mainly. So I'll copy paste and then edit in. In the note. Basically it. I found it easier just edit in the note rather than jot Psych. But if it's a thing like medication being misspelled, then I tell jot psych. But other than that.
Adam Harrison: Oh, you bring it over to Advanced.
Jonathan: Yep.
Adam Harrison: Okay. And then everything else goes through that. Um, and then you mentioned credentialing. Like what's. How have you been tackling that so far?
Jonathan: So I've got a company called Trizetto, which is a subsidiary of Optum that's doing it.
Adam Harrison: Okay, got it. And those are at varying stages of process.
Jonathan: Yeah, yeah. So I'm gonna, I am looking to get licensed in New Jersey and then probably New Hampshire was definitely New Hampshire at some point during this year. I'm originally from New Jersey. My sister in law's got a pipeline of like 50 patients she says like they need help with. So between that and then I, I'll open up my own practice one, two days a week on, on the east coast. So then I'll commute between the two. But I've got those two coming down still that I'll need to get credentialed. I don't think I'll go with Trisetto again.
Adam Harrison: Okay. Do you know when you started the credentialing process? Like is there.
Adam Harrison: Did you start seeing patients before the like applications went in or was it November 16th?
Jonathan: Ish. Is. That's. So that's when I, I signed the contract with them. I got everything in right. As soon as I could, except I didn't have checks. Long story short, the bank letter was not something that they said was mandatory, but it held everything up. So until I got that bank letter, nothing happened.
Jonathan: So it was, like, December 6th that I actually started getting the work. They actually started doing work.
Adam Harrison: Okay. Okay, got it. All right, that's good to know. Great. Well, what. Here's kind of like my what my like and did Nate send a MSA over to you by chance? Like.
Jonathan: Yeah, I signed it around 2 o' clock today. I just, I. I couldn't get to it until then.
Adam Harrison: Oh, that's fine. No, that's totally good. So that's just quick like housekeeping thing. So here's kind of like what I, you know, would recommend we try to just knock out today so we can like just get the ball rolling on things. So a few things. One, the first thing we should do just because it can take a little time to load is get you set up with our clearinghouse and you can like there's a way you can connect it to, to our Jot Sake application. So that can take like 15 or so minutes. It like just runs in the background. So I'm going to suggest we actually start with that and then go ahead.
Jonathan: Yeah, cool question. Whatever we do here is not going to kind of mess with the default whatever the system settings I have in place on Advanced. This isn't going to mess with that, right?
Adam Harrison: No, no, totally, totally separate. Won't affect your ability to bill through Advanced. This is just like a separate, separate thing. We, we like are gonna get set up so you have the option either way.
Jonathan: Awesome.
Adam Harrison: Okay, so that's, that would be. Sorry, one second. So that's like the clearinghouse. So that's the actual kind of like Rails that the pain that the claims will flow to the payers through. So we'll kind of just try to knock that out quickly. What you know is usually the easiest path is if you can add us as a like a user, like a billing user on your advanced account. We can do like an export of, of like patient data into job site, do like a bulk upload and then that'll also let us get, you know, we can kind of pull down all the practice information we need from you like all the you know, facility name and NPI and you know, all the like just ticky tacky things. We need to be able to actually submit claims for you. So usually that's like the easiest path would be you know, we get access to your advanced and then we do like a bulk upload of things into your Jobs Lake account.
Jonathan: Okay. So for me to do that I just need what would be a name I should put this user as.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, so let's maybe start with the steady one though before we do advanced. If that works, just because that will take a little more time. So I'll put the URL in here for you. So you're going to go here, steady.com, and I'll just put the instructions in the chat so you have it, but I'll also just kind of like explain it as I go.
Jonathan: There it is.
Adam Harrison: And if you want to share a screen, I can kind of walk you through it. Oh, and before we do Advanced md, could we do like the clearinghouse setup instead?
Jonathan: Yeah, I guess I'm locked in for this one. So you just need to be on a regular webpage.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, just another just Google, you know, Google tab or, you know, just steady.com is the website I put in the. In the chat. I wonder.
Jonathan: I'm not seeing that. So in call messages, is there a different chat than that?
Adam Harrison: Let me see. It should be on the bottom right of your screen. There's a little like.
Jonathan: It's his chat with everybody.
Adam Harrison: Do you see anything in there if you click on it?
Jonathan: Sorry.
Adam Harrison: Yep. There you go. Do you see my messages in here or no?
Jonathan: Nope.
Adam Harrison: Oh, that is really weird. All right, let me try sending it again.
Jonathan: Messenger available in Google Chat to invited users who are in the host's organization.
Adam Harrison: It's some security thing, I think, where. Because you're not on our jots.com, which is weird. That never happens normally with our meetings. But. Okay, well, it's. I can just give you it verbally. So it's S T E D I dot com.
Jonathan: Yep. Okay. S T E D I. That's right. Okay. All right. Let me share this with you, Man. I cannot find that steady. I'm on the web page. I just can't find it and how to share it.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, it's. It's kind of in the mid. Yeah, there you go. Yeah. So go ahead. Go to sign up free.
Jonathan: It doesn't have to be the work you. I.
Adam Harrison: It's gonna. Yeah. Do you have like a practice. Do you offer just under your own name or your. Do you have a practice, like, registered?
Jonathan: I do, but I'm having trouble. It's like for some reason the email is not coming through right now.
Adam Harrison: Well, I guess when you did your credentialing, did you do it under.
Jonathan: Probably. Would it be under the. Yeah, yeah.
Adam Harrison: But if that email's not working, it. It's. You can do it under your regular email. So.
Jonathan: I haven't gotten an email from this. This address in like two weeks. And I know people are emailing, so I don't know what's going on with it.
Adam Harrison: Okay. So I'm gonna send you a different link actually, because it won't let you do it with like Google Gmail account or something unless you get a. Get a special link, which I have. So let me. Let me just. I'm gonna email it to you since our chat isn't working. Sorry, just, you know, technology never works when you need it. Right?
Jonathan: Yeah, now it's. Yep.
Jonathan: Yeah, I can't. It was work. That email address was working for like the first month and a half, and now all of a sudden I'm not getting anything from it.
Adam Harrison: Oh, my God. What's the. What. What did you use for? What's like the email service you're using for it?
Jonathan: I was just going with the domain, the cert. The. I don't even know what the word I'm using here. So the. The what? The company that hosts the website allows you to get emails with that website domain name. So I did that. Now I'm trying to get the license for Outlook. That's sending me in circles here. I've got to go to like, some certain web pages to put a text in the. In the web page, and this is not my area of expertise.
Adam Harrison: No. Yeah, sorry. That's sounds. Sounds painful. I'm sorry. All the joys of setting up a new, new business, I guess. All right, I'm going to send this to you. You have it. Let me make sure I get this link right. Okay.
Jonathan: I think that.
Adam Harrison: All right, so it should be in your Yahoo mail I just sent. It might take a minute. There we go. So, yeah, you can just go ahead and do the. The top. Top one there. Yeah. Then you can just do your. Your regular Yahoo Mail. You don't have to do your. Do your business one, since that's. So go ahead and. Yeah, this is where we would have got stuck with the other email. And then. Yep, go ahead and. So whatever you're, like, credentialed under, go ahead and put that in here. And then, yeah, just do Basic and you should be good to go. All right. Yeah, it's going to make you do, like, the. I don't know if you've. You've done this before, the Authenticator app.
Jonathan: Yep. Yeah, we got it.
Adam Harrison: It's always fun.
Jonathan: Yeah. Everything's doing this now. It's like, I mean, three layers of security.
Adam Harrison: Yeah.
Jonathan: Yeah.
Adam Harrison: All right, so you don't have to do anything here, but just go over to apps on the top bar there. Right. Next. Yeah. And then sometimes this takes a minute. Yeah. So this is the part that takes some time. So that's why I always suggest starting with this is. Now we can do the advanced stuff and hopefully this is done by the time we. We come back here. All right, awesome.
Jonathan: So I'm gonna change this.
Adam Harrison: Okay. So. If you can. Yeah, jot bill is fine. And then I'm going to give you an email. I should have just put that in my last email to you. I'm going to send you one more just so you have the exact one.
Jonathan: All right. For the full name, should I use your name or somebody else?
Adam Harrison: You can put my name. That's fine. Whatever you'll like recognize when you look in here. It's not super important.
Adam Harrison: I'm going to send you the email.
Jonathan: So just to give you so the password I'm making for you that you'll have to change. So. Hello, 1234, exclamation point.
Adam Harrison: Okay, perfect. Let me make a note of that. Sorry, I'm just pulling up this where we track these. You said it was happy. 1, 2, 3. Or what would you say?
Jonathan: Hello, 1234, exclamation point.
Adam Harrison: Hello, 1234, exclamation Point, all lowercase.
Jonathan: Oh, sorry. Capital H. Yep.
Adam Harrison: No, no worries. Okay. And then I'm going to send you the right email to use. We have like a specific billing email use for this. What was your practice name that you Clarity Psychiatric Solutions.
Jonathan: And then it's a pllc. I don't know if you need to necessarily add that, but.
Adam Harrison: No, that's. That's perfect. I'm just gonna do Clarity Psychiat. Okay. All right. Should have just sent you the email. It's basically billing plus Clarity Psychiatric and job site.
Jonathan: Yeah.
Adam Harrison: So perfect. Looks like a nice. Yeah, I think I got that spelling right. Just double check. Yeah. Okay. And then in terms of role, sometimes I think we just need to be able to export data and. View all like actually we probably need to be.
Jonathan: I can assign the, the tasks, what you're able to do in the roles, but I just got to get you set up here. I don't know if I. I'm assuming. I don't. No, I don't want to do that.
Adam Harrison: Then yeah, you can usually leave that blank I think and then there we go. So I mean usually admin is just easiest because then we know we won't have to like bug you to be able to do stuff, but we just need the ability to like basically view and export and you know, we're not, we're not obviously going to be like editing or changing anything in here. But if, if you wanted to set it up like all we would need is just view and export permissions if you wanted to do it manually.
Jonathan: And you guys wouldn't need a sign off password, right?
Adam Harrison: I don't believe so.
Jonathan: You know, it actually is probably making me do it. I'm just gonna put 1, 2, 3, 4 in there.
Adam Harrison: Okay.
Jonathan: Just in case because I don't think I can go without it.
Adam Harrison: Got it. Interesting. I haven't had to do that in the past.
Jonathan: All right, so then. Yeah. So then the admin role. Basically you get everything for the admin role.
Adam Harrison: Okay. And then I haven't gotten the email invite yet. Has that.
Jonathan: Let's see. Not sure. I hit save, so should be. I don't know how else to do that. See, maybe it's in here.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, normally it goes automatically. So I'm a little confused why hasn't come through already.
Jonathan: Yeah, I don't know. What. Yeah, because there's no other way for me to push that.
Adam Harrison: Yeah. Let me make sure the email. I didn't type in incorrectly.
Jonathan: Things are spelled correctly. Yeah, yeah. I mean the. The. The. The ability to type the password is gone, so I would assume it has been sent off.
Adam Harrison: Maybe it's getting marked as spam or something.
Jonathan: Should I, I don't know, restart my ehr?
Adam Harrison: Yeah, maybe if you try refreshing it, that might work. I wonder if our email is just down or something.
Jonathan: Yeah, I'm just gonna try it again.
Adam Harrison: It.
Jonathan: Yeah, it should be going.
Adam Harrison: One thing on my side.
Jonathan: I don't know if there's anything in here that would be helpful.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, it is. I am still able to get emails, so.
Jonathan: Seems like, seems like it's so my vp like the email or the Internet I use basically it's, it's I guess serving as like a vpn. So my, my Internet obviously works, but my computer doesn't think I'm on the Internet.
Adam Harrison: Oh, interesting.
Jonathan: Let's see if I can do it through the phone.
Adam Harrison: Checking, checking a few more things here. We could maybe try also a different, different email address. Maybe it's something with that inbox.
Jonathan: Okay. I mean I'll set you up as a separate user there and then we, you know.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, we can try maybe my like personal email for this and we can just see if that works and we can always switch it around later. Maybe. Maybe that's like the best, best thing to try here.
Jonathan: I'm ready.
Adam Harrison: So yeah, can you just do a harrisonropsych.com. Instead of the billing one?
Jonathan: All right, so same, Same password was hello1234X. Exclamation point. And the sign off is 1, 2, 3, 4.
Adam Harrison: Okay, see if it came through.
Jonathan: I'll try to push it through on my phone too, because that's.
Adam Harrison: Yeah. And did you do a Harrisonopsych.com?
Jonathan: Did I spell it wrong?
Adam Harrison: I don't know. Do you. Do you mind sharing the screen?
Jonathan: Oh, gotcha. Yep. Yep. Sorry.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, no, no worries. Sorry, this is taking a while.
Jonathan: Oh, yeah, no, I mean at 4 o'. Clock. I do it with patient, but.
Adam Harrison: Okay, good. Hey, Harrisonrop.com. And there's no like maybe try on the right hand side. Let me look here. Hold on.
Jonathan: I just pushed them through on my phone, so that's it knows it's connected to the Internet on this one.
Adam Harrison: Okay, I think it's connected because I did get an email from this other thing from the steady state setup. But maybe try. Do you mind going on your screen here to the dots on the right hand side? Try doing reset login password. That might trigger an email to me. Oh, did I just get something? No.
Jonathan: Okay, so I made it. Hello. One, two, three, exclamation point.
Adam Harrison: Okay, copy, reset, sign off. What about if you go over to. Well, you know what, let me just try signing in. You know, maybe that's what I need to do. Maybe they just won't send me an email and I just have to like sign in. All right, let's hope this works.
Jonathan: So JOT Bill or JOT Bill 2 is your email and then jot bill. The first one was the billing clarity. Psych email address. Both of them have been reset to hello, 1, 2, 3, exclamation point.
Adam Harrison: So this is interesting because when I go to login, this is, this is why I think I'm getting confused. So it's asking me for like this.
Jonathan: Oh, you need my key too. So 162876 is the the key 162876.
Adam Harrison: And you said the password was capital H.
Jonathan: Hello, 1, 2, 3, exclamation point.
Adam Harrison: Is that 1 1, 2, 3, 4.
Jonathan: I changed both of them to 1, 2, 3 when we did the change. Let's see.
Adam Harrison: Okay, I think this is working now.
Jonathan: Nice.
Adam Harrison: Hello, 1, 2, 3, exclamation point.
Jonathan: See, while you do this, I just got to run to the bathroom.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, go ahead, go ahead.
Jonathan: Sorry about that.
Adam Harrison: No worries. I'm almost, almost done here. And I just need the, the key again just for future log in the practice key.
Jonathan: 1-628-761-6876.
Adam Harrison: Alright, looks like it's all working here. So we can call that one complete and move on. So let's now go back to the study tab. You have open. You had open and this is this part super quick. So. Yeah, this one.
Jonathan: Yeah.
Adam Harrison: Do you mind just refreshing and let's see if this is ready now. Okay, looks like we're almost there. Well, in the meantime what I would love to do is we'll. We'll probably need a little time to kind of like go in to advanced md, do the export, do the bulk upload into job site and then it also, you know, this will get in the meantime also connected to our job site clearinghouse. So what I would love to do is schedule a follow up maybe sometime if you have sometime next week. You know I can be flexible on timing, whatever works for you. Kind of go through with an update of kind of where we are and then we'll probably be ready to like start submitting stuff at that point.
Jonathan: Okay. Mondays and Fridays I don't have patience.
Adam Harrison: So you want to do Monday?
Jonathan: That. Yeah, Monday would be. Yep.
Adam Harrison: Okay, perfect. Yeah. I don't know if we'll be quite ready this Friday. So let's, let's do Monday. And what are you, what's the best time for you on Mondays?
Jonathan: So anytime after 10am West coast is better. So I have a type one narcolepsy. I really struggled in the morning. So 10am Is kind of when I'm starting to come online. Basically.
Adam Harrison: Okay, I can do anytime really. Like, I'm, you know, if you wanted to do as. I could do as late as, like this time. So three West coast, so anytime 10 to three, I think is open for me right now.
Jonathan: Like, if we could do 12, so noon, West Coast, 3 o', clock, East coast would be perfect.
Adam Harrison: Okay, let's do that. We should have, like, a pretty good update for you at that point. And then, you know, we'll probably have some questions about just, you know, where everything sits. Oh, it is. Also, I'm just noticing it is President's Day. Is that. Is that fine with you? You know, we'll. We'll be online, but is that.
Jonathan: Yeah, I'm not. I've got no presidents in my family. I need to observe this.
Adam Harrison: Okay. All right.
Jonathan: As long as you guys are open.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, yeah, we're open. So. All right. I'm just going to send you an invite so you have it on your calendar. Okay.
Jonathan: Looks like the Steady website. It's changed on my end here.
Adam Harrison: Okay. Something happened. Okay, awesome. So let's. Yeah, you should see Jot Psych on the bottom right here. So if you can go ahead and click on Jot Psych, then that will set up the integration. So you just click Install Confirm, and before you go to the next screen, we're just going to need to grab this API key that's going to show up. Yep, that's perfect. I already got the confirmation.
Jonathan: It.
Adam Harrison: Failed the fence. Okay, let's try one more time. It's always, always something. I'm actually gonna. I'm gonna maybe take a. If you don't mind, I'm just going to, like, take a screenshot of this error, if you don't mind doing it one more time. And we have, like, Steady basically support on call. So I'm going to send this to them in real time.
Jonathan: There you go.
Adam Harrison: Okay, thank you.
Jonathan: Again. This might be a thing where my computer thinks it's not on the Internet and I definitely have had problems trying to download other things. As soon as I take it home, it downloads.
Adam Harrison: Really? That's really odd.
Jonathan: Yes. If I knew how to set up the router better, I would do it. I don't know what I'm, I, I'm lucky I have the Internet as it is, so I'm, I'm. I, I don't want to mess with it right now. Someone knows what they're doing. Happy to have a look at it, but I'm not gonna.
Adam Harrison: Okay. Yeah.
Jonathan: Sometimes looking a gift horse in the mouth, not the.
Adam Harrison: Okay, so maybe let's just give this one more try and then I can just send you some stuff. You might need to just try this once you get home. If it's.
Jonathan: Yeah, yeah.
Adam Harrison: And you might. Yeah. And I. But I can show you what it would look like, what, what you would need to send. Yeah. Okay. So what I will do is I'll just send you an email with like the instructions. But it's pretty simple in theory, right? If it, if it. If you don't get an error. But everything's simple in theory. Once you click Confirm, you're going to see an API key show up. It's just going to be like a long string of random characters. There'll be a button next to that to copy it. All you need to do is just copy that key, send it to me over email, and then we'll have what we need to get the integration set up. That's the last step, but. Sorry, sorry. We didn't quite get through everything here, but we got to the 90 yard line, so hopefully so. All right, but any other, like, questions? I know you got a patient in a minute, but anything else that you want to know at this point? Otherwise, like, we will kind of wait for this key. In the meantime, we'll go into advanced md, we'll start the export process, I'll collect the information about like your practice and that we need to like submit claims and then, you know, Monday we'll regroup and kind of ask any initial, initial clarifying questions before we start going in and submitting things.
Jonathan: I mean, I, I mean, other than like just having the notes signed off, is there anything else I need to be.
Adam Harrison: To have done so normally, yeah, signing the note and then.
Jonathan: And the time and a charge slip, I guess.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, exactly. So once it's like ready for biller or we can go through all that on Monday. I guess it depends how you have your advanced and be set up, but we can like work with you. Depending on what you want. You might be able to just like sign the note and then we, we could probably take over from there potentially. But it, it depends. Like, there's just like different ways of doing it. So we'll go through all that on, on Monday.
Jonathan: Okay. You should. I, like, should I approve charges before that or just let it go as is?
Adam Harrison: You can, you can kind of. It's up to you, like, whatever you're comfortable with. I would say, like, just focus on getting things at least to where they're signed. Um, you know, and then if you want to do the like, claim slip part as well, like, that's, that's up to you, but, but at least like a sign note is like kind of the minimum thing we would need.
Jonathan: Gotcha. Okay.
Adam Harrison: And just in terms of scope, you want to do all of January, Like January?
Jonathan: I wrote that off already. I don't know if that's possible to go back and unwrited.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, yeah, of course. Yeah. There's like a 90 day timely filing kind of period usually. So it'll depend a little on like the credentialing stuff. And that varies a little bit pair to payer, but at the very least we can like submit it and see what happens.
Jonathan: Perfect. Okay. Yeah. Awesome.
Adam Harrison: Yeah. Okay, well, great. We're looking forward to getting you up and running here and. And yeah, we'll talk next week.
Jonathan: Great. Thank you. Appreciate it.
Adam Harrison: All right, thanks, Jonathan.
Jonathan: Okay, take care.
Adam Harrison: Bye.
Jonathan: Bye.