Nathan Peereboom: Brittany. Hey, Amanda, how are you?
amanda: Good morning. Nice to meet you. So, got Chad on the call. He's my husband and director of operations for Room for Change.
Nathan Peereboom: Awesome. Okay, great. Well, Chad, Amanda, so good to meet you. My name is Nate. I'm the CEO and co founder of JOT Psych. We partner with Brittany to help with the documentation orchestration challenges that folks have when they're doing billing. Before, though, I jump into things. Brittany, do you maybe want to set the table here? And then Amanda and Chad, I would love to hear some background on y' all and how you look at the world and also just what your world is like, what your practice is, who you see, all that good stuff.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Yeah. So we're kind of partnering with Amanda in our mental health managed portion. We've taken over or will be taking over some of the billing services for them here shortly. But they put part of their contracts that they have with us through mental health managed. And as you know, we're utilizing you guys services for mental health managed so that we can be compliant with, like, insurance payers and make sure that we're up to date on all the guidelines as they continue to shift them. And currently, right now, they're using twofold for AI clinical note taking. And Amanda, refresh my memory if I'm incorrect here. Not all of your providers are on that. It's only if they're. They've got a certain set number of hours. Right. You're on mute.
amanda: It's an overwhelming majority of our clinicians, but for our provisionally licensed counselors, we do require that they demonstrate organic note taking before switching over to AI.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, okay, that makes. That makes total sense. And do you guys currently use AI in your workflow? Maybe. Can you walk me through what your workflow is for clinical documentation?
amanda: So we use twofold. The clinician starts the session, whether virtually or in person, clicks the necessary button, and two fold at the end of the session, they end the conversation, and then they copy and paste that note into our ehr. If there's any changes to be made to the initial note, they'll make that in two fold because it teaches the platform, and then they'll move that over. And what I really like about twofold is that we're able to customize our template for. Stylizing purposes as well as the structure of how we want the note to look. So mimics the template that I've created in our simple practice platform. I think in total we've got maybe eight or nine different templates that we use currently from intake. Traditional Progress Note. EMDR Progress note is set up a bit differently. Couples and a discharge summary.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): And with your couples like Amanda, are you EFT or Gottman trained or is it a combo of both?
amanda: It depends on the clinician. I'm. I'm neither.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Okay. So you know, with EFT you have an ability and I'm just speaking from context here because that's how I'm trained. There's a form that you give them, a questionnaire that you give them in the beginning and you see each partner individually and then you see the couple together and there's some scoring that goes along with those forms. That is also something that the JOT psych can assist with and like being able to implement any of that scoring in there beyond just like BDIs, PHQ9s, you know, things like that. So if there are, you know, specific measure measures that we need to send out to patients, that's something that they can do. The other context that may be relevant here beyond this for, for everybody involved is. I know that Amanda, you're low key shopping for other EHR systems, right? Because you've outgrown simple practice and they've got a pilot job site does for an EHR program for themselves. So it may be beneficial for you guys to just see some of that too.
amanda: Okay, yeah, that's great to consider
Nathan Peereboom: before we like jump into like actual work. Like you know, anything related to shot psych and particular things here. Chad, Amanda, can you guys explain like where you both sit in the organization? Like what, what is the division of responsibility and focus for the two of you?
amanda: So I'm, I'm the licensed professional counselor. I started the practice 12 years ago. I am over everything clinical, so supervising. I still see clients myself, business development. So adding new programs, adding new services. And then Chad is over our administrative team. So our, we still have an in house biller, all of our reception staff. And then he's over like the physical operations of the locations as well.
chad: HR it, you name it. The non clinical parts of a business.
Nathan Peereboom: When, when the two of you think about where you. Like just at a goal level, at a personal level, like what is the place that you're trying to get to with your company in like five years? Like what's the thing that you're kind of working backwards from? Just at a. Yeah, just at a human level, like what are you trying to do here?
amanda: I've got food in my mouth, Chad. Go ahead and answer that.
chad: You know, I think that there's two sides of it. You say the human level. So part I think is just connecting with as many clients as possible, creating long term solutions for them as far as, you know, counseling as long as they need it, but ideally till they're done with it, you know, until they get what they need. Keeping our staff fully full caseloads so that way they are able to take care of their families. The. It's expensive to become a counselor and counselor is not a high paying position. The five lowest paying jobs that require a master's degree. It's important to me that we do a good job of creating a company that creates stability for them and helping our clients growth. As far as the business side growth, we have growth goals and any tool that we can have that helps streamline our daily processes is going to buy us time that will turn into growth in the future. You know, we said we already have a AI tool. I can't speak to the efficacy of it and the things that are liked and disliked other than what I've heard. But I can definitely help make good decisions as I am kind of have a bit of an IT background
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): and I don't want to step on you guys toes and speak for you guys, but I know that one of the things that Amanda and I have discussed is, you know, there's a lot of stress and responsibility that comes along with ownership of a clinic. And as you know, our parents age. Right. Wanting to be able to spend more time with our family, especially with, you know, whether they're their parents, whether they're kids, you know, the more time that we can get back where we're not having to spend on administrative tasks or on clinical oversight helps to bridge that balance between family and work a little bit better.
amanda: Yes. And to, to that effect, you know, Chad and I have two daughters that are growing up and I'd rather not spend our precious time on things that can be automated or outsourced. I, I am a clinician first though, so I don't want to lose the human touch when the human touch is necessary.
amanda: So I believe I would rather spend more of my time with the face to face stuff and the creativity piece and outsource to AI things that are monotonous, routine. Like those things that are turn offs to me. So over the next five years I would rather be spending more time supporting my staff directly like making sure that they feel comfortable and confident in the work that they're doing and more time with my family and less time being bogged down with creating systems. Making sure that the systems work. Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: What do you feel when you think about the goals that you've outlined? And they make a ton of sense. We hear that often. It also sounds like you are going through a somewhat large change. You're considering changing twofold. You're considering changing simple practice. What are those software programs not doing for you right now? What's the reason? Because obviously the path of least resistance is just to not change anything. So what is instigating this desire for. Yeah, looking around, considering other options.
amanda: We're we're very satisfied with twofold. We've been with them since December of 2024 and we were with we weren't using any AI note taking before that. So we've only been with them the on the I'm always open to hearing ways that we can save money or if there are newer programs that have more bells and whistles and integration than what we currently have. Our pain points with our EHR largely revolve around the size that we're at. And that simple practice just has limitations with reporting that helps us manage our team. It doesn't have a good like off the shelf platform or dashboard for our clinicians to use to help track and manage their own caseloads and KPIs. I feel like we've got a lot of workarounds to keep simple practice working for us, ranging from our intake paperwork to billing. And so we're spending gobs of money on this thing that we have had to create policies to keep using. But to your point, my my biggest fear is overhauling all of the things all at the same time. And I've personally kicked the can down the road with our EHR because it impacts everybody. It impacts our admin, our clinicians, our clients and it could grossly impact our bottom line if we're not able to seamlessly get payments set up.
Nathan Peereboom: Right, right.
Nathan Peereboom: What would the two of you find helpful today? Because I want to be helpful. You know, I'm here as a partner to Brittany and Bill, and I think all five of us, you know, we just want y' all to be able to practice great clinical care. We want you to have control over your practice. We want you to be able to see exactly what's happening. I have the sense that your fairly data driven people just by like, the attention that you're giving to like, some of the analytics and reporting that come out. So, you know, I. I would love to introduce you to what we've built. If it's helpful, you can just try it for, you know, for a period of time. But I also don't want to lead us down a road where you're like, hey, I don't, you know, I'm actually not that, you know, this is not helpful to me. I'm not learning the information I want to learn, et cetera. So, I mean, I'll give you a few options. I can walk you through an overview of what we do, some of the quantitative results that have come from it. I'm not clinical. I'm a technologist. I've worked in technology for a long time, but my parents are both clinical. And so I created this company with one of my best friends from college to change the way that clinicians relate to all the administrative work that they did not become clinicians to do. Now, some clinicians did decide that they wanted to be business owners, but usually clinicians who are business owners actually just want a higher scale to the impact that they believe they're doing, and they want to be able to build something that they really believe in. So I'm happy to walk you through kind of my story and what we offer. I'm also happy just to show you the baby. We can just walk through the software. I can show you how it works, you can see the features in it. And this is a absolutely zero pressure conversation. So we can talk again later. We can set up more time, we can do a pilot, whatever you want. So what's helpful in your minds?
amanda: High level for my sake is good. And then more nuanced details would be best to carve out a separate meeting with Chad for.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, awesome.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): And when we talk about high level details, Nate, I think what she might be looking for is what sets you apart from twofold, you know, and specifically more around the audit and the insurance compliance piece, I think would be a good high level way to start.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, cool. Yeah, I think that that's right. I'm going to share my screen and touch on those points, Brittany, and then we can go from there. All right. So we are. We started out as an AI scribe company, and one of the things that we discovered very early on was that the folks who really were getting the most value out of Jotform. Were doing it because it protected their revenue, it enabled them to submit higher quality notes, enabled those notes to get submitted faster, and it protected them from clawbacks. And what we've decided is that we wanted to build an AI engine that united the billing world that Brittany and Bill live in and the clinical world that you live in. And so what we do is we, you know, we take in, you know, a bunch of both public and private rules. So we hold AMA rules, CMS rules, APA rules. We've scraped the entire Internet for Aetna Optum signal, all the big payers because they write exactly what they look for for each CPT code, and they also write what they audit. When they do an audit, we then take in all the documentation that you have and we use it to create private rules and guidance that, that, you know, help you build the best notes. I'm going to flip through this really quickly. The important thing to understand is this is out of date. We've scribed for about 2.2 million encounters at this point. But when we do a pilot, again, we're, we're technologists, we're extremely data driven. What we're trying to figure out is what changed when jot psych was involved.
Nathan Peereboom: You know, and in particular, the three things we care about are how much time did clinicians save, how did the quality of the notes change, and how much faster did the notes get submitted. What you're looking at here is a case study of a clinic of a little over 100 clinicians in our area. We're in the D.C. area, and what you can see is that the, the case study revealed that clinicians were on average saving like one and a half to two hours. They were, you know, around 80% better in terms of quality. And the speed of submission declined around 60%. Can I just ask, I'm, I'm sort of curious. Do you, do you all have a sense of, you know, these numbers right now? Do you know your baselines?
amanda: I think we would have to spend a lot of time pulling. That's our, our biggest pain point with simple practice is we can access that, but it requires a ton of like post hoc data manipulation. Yeah, on Chad's end.
Bill Eberhart: Yeah. I was going to say we don't even know in our own group practice how much time they're spending on notes at all. We have zero visibility into simple pract note taking in our own group.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Yeah. And I can tell you one of the things that I see a lot of times as a biller when insurance companies go to audit is they're looking at timestamps on the signature of the notes. And that becomes especially relevant when you have interns that. And you've got supervisory billing and you have to co sign on those notes and the speed at which the supervisors are signing those because we've seen so many companies get clawed back just simply for time stamps on clinical notes.
Bill Eberhart: Brittany, Brittany knows how quickly she does her own notes, but they're pretty templatized a little bit. Brittany, how about, how much time do you spend on your notes per for each year clients?
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): 3 to 5 minutes per or. And that, I mean that's without jaws. I, that's using the template inside of simple practice. Right. And that was, I optimized that with drop downs.
Nathan Peereboom: Awesome.
Bill Eberhart: She basically fills out a form.
Nathan Peereboom: So I think that for Amanda and Chad, the way you should think about this is our sales strategy as a company is that we really believe in just the impact of the product, which is why we like to do pilot programs, which is why it's so easy to get started. You can start in like two or three minutes. And the impact that we measure during the pilot gives you all the information as to whether or not you want to continue with JOT Psych. And especially if you're using twofold right now, it's really easy for you to just do a side by side split the group in half, have four people who love twofold start to use JOT psych and just actually listen to both their narrative about how they feel about the difference and then also the data, of course. Now one of the things that we do with a lot of our clients is we'll do an analysis project where we'll actually just pull all the data in simple practice and tell you we'll answer your analytical questions. Chad, I'm sure that you have a lot on your plate and if this is one of those things that you just like love on a Saturday morning, you, it's totally yours to keep. But if you are looking for, for support there we, we do these kinds of analyses all the time to discover, you know, what are you guys charging for, what is the add on rate, what is the, you know, in terms of accounts receivable, how that, how's that all working out? What's your utilization? You know, you mentioned, I think Chad, you were saying like, you know, you want all your clinicians to be working for the time that you hire them for. All of that is, is data that we can put together for you.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): And I think one of the things, Nate, that would be relevant to show them is specifically like the, the CPT code suggestions. Right. For like you can do add on codes and the, the rules engine that's behind it, because I think that that's something that separates you guys apart from twofold. That's beneficial, as well as the. The auditing dashboard.
Nathan Peereboom: Great. Okay, so that's really helpful, Brittany. So when you are recording a note in jot Psych, you start out, you get to select an appointment type, which is a completely custom thing. Thing. And when you actually generate the note to Amanda or to Brittany's point, we audit it immediately. So based on, again, those public rules and all the private rules that you, you support us with, we create a CPT code suggestion. And based on that and the payer rules, we then audit the note so that you know exactly like, what's missing. So, you know, if MDM is not fully written out, we'll suggest a change and you can, you know, have AI basically write the first draft of it, which is great in terms of owning your rules. You can send us your, your documents or you can add rules manually here and you can see all the rules that your notes are getting reviewed by. You can grade them by compliance or order them by compliance. You can click in and actually see the performance of your clinic across time. You can see how different providers or clinicians are doing on that rule. You can view violations and go and spot check them immediately and then see the entire set of warnings on each note. So the thing that we're trying to do is, is just absolutely turbocharge your ability to see, hey, where do I need to intervene? Where do I need to coach? Where do I have risk? Because, you know, y' all have over 30 clinicians. Like, it's, I'm sure, enormously challenging to understand how everyone is operating. How do you standardize not just documentation, but also care? Like, how do you figure out who's, you know, making sure that they are always asking about suicidal ideation, just as an example. So, yeah, this is the crown jewel of job psych. It's the thing that, it's the reason why we partner with Brittany and Bill is because for them, you know, all of us are kind of in, you know, we all have a similar interest in that we want you to get paid fairly for the care that you provide. And part of that is being really sophisticated about, you know, the data and the analytics you bring to bear when it comes to documenting and submitting, billing. The other thing that I would say is the challenge of getting reimbursed is only going to increase because, you know, you see these tools we've built, these payers have done the exact same thing. So, you know, every single insurance company you work with has built a system like this and they're probably fine tuning it right now. They're making sure it's good. But six months from now, I think you should expect for the volume of notes that get audited to dramatically increase across the industry. We've already seen that happen. And so bringing the best tooling into your practice. It's more important than ever before. Yeah.
Bill Eberhart: Quick question. During your pause, I wanted to say that. How so is this granular enough to know that, like, say, for example, a provider named Bill didn't do their notes?
amanda: Yeah, sure.
Nathan Peereboom: So, you know, you can, you know, you can go into any, any rule and you can actually just view where, like, not just the provider, but the exact encounters where something was missed. And you can click into that encounter and reach out to that clinician. The Audit Dashboard also enables you just to look at clinicians.
Nathan Peereboom: So you can click into a clinician and see exactly for their recent encounters, you know, which ones are at risk, what their status is. So if they've signed or not signed them, the billing codes that are, you know, being applied. And obviously they can change these. So, you know, if they click into a note, they can change, you know, the CPT code. But, but it's a really, really, you know, high hawkeye view of what's going on in your practice.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): And the other, the other relevant piece about this is the, is the rules that are behind these encounter notes. You can customize those rules too for, like, whatever it is that you're needing or whatever it is that you're wanting to spot check. Like, did we, you know, score phq 9? Did we score, you know, a BDI? Did we, you know, did we ask about suicidality, homicidality, you know, did we do a mental status exam? All of those basic things that are required in a clinical note.
Bill Eberhart: Family history of other people who have had similar hospital business, for example.
Nathan Peereboom: And it's really, really flexible. You can do it on a payer basis.
Nathan Peereboom: You can add and you can turn rules on, you can turn rules off. It's completely customizable.
amanda: That's great. I love the piece where it suggests CPT codes are. Our clinicians are not billers. And when we try to educate them on CPT codes, Even like a basic 908-009-0785, we've had difficulty with them consistently adding those to the appointment. But I was curious, do you have any data about when those CPT codes are applied? What percentage of those are actually paid?
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): All of the, all of the 90785s get paid across all the payers. What I can tell you is if it's 99050 or 99051. Aetna is the one that pays for that, and that's for after hours on holidays, specifically, in case you're not familiar with that, the 96127s. It's really kind of like a 50% shot scenario with the 96127 about whether the payers consider those to be bundled or not.
amanda: Okay. I was just curious from the CPT codes that are suggested through the system, if they had any data on when those are applied, how many of those are paid.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Oh, good question. I don't know, Nate.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, Ultimately we let the billing companies and the clinicians decide what to submit for those CPP codes. And so we don't have like a very, like, we don't have like a. How do I put this?
Nathan Peereboom: I don't have a non client specific answer for you.
Nathan Peereboom: So I can say, oh, there are certain clients where I'm like, oh, you know, like I was working with one of our clients earlier this week and they had a. I think it was a 94% clean claim rate. So first claims that went through is like 94%. We've seen a higher, you know, 96. We've seen lower. There are certain clinics that, you know, their clean claim rate is 80%. A lot of the approval of claims doesn't have to do with the correct selection of the code though. A lot of it has to do with is the patient eligible, is the ICD10 code correctly nested under the CPT code is the clinician in network. So what's challenging is it's extremely, extremely rare that a clinic will get a bill kicked back because of the CPT code being wrong. In fact, I'm struggling to think of an example of that. But, but I think what you're actually asking is about CPT accuracy and what we hear and we work with a lot of, again, billing companies, people have billed for a long time. We hire, you know, folks to actually be on our clinical advisory board and, and help us build that engine. What we hear is that it is far more accurate than the average clinician. That doesn't mean it's more accurate than Brittany or Bill, but it's more accurate than the average clinician.
amanda: Okay. And then one of the big questions that we had had to navigate when we rolled out twofold were questions around, is the session recorded? And if it's recorded, where is it stored?
chad: You don't need any.
Bill Eberhart: I would say it's not recorded, but yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: So when we record, we don't hold any audio. We slip the audio into these little chunks, we transcribe the chunks, stitch them together, and then we don't hold any audio. You can see here that we have a default that redacts all identifying patient information. You can change that if you want, but that's the default. When we store the data, we store it in the same facilities that MedStar Health, the CDC and the NIH use. It's just the standard hospital grade, HIPAA compliant storage tool. We also have additional like, data and security offerings. So I mean, of course we sign, baas. We'll also send you like all of our. You know, confirmation of insurance. So you can get all of our insurance paperwork on file. We have like AI insurance, cyber insurance, liability insurance, property insurance, all that. And we'll also let you build a. There's, you know, part of that, the enhanced data and security package is that you can choose the exact data retention for every element of your note. So if you want, you know, if you sign a note, we have to hold it for like seven years, just like any ehr. But you know, if you don't sign a note, you could have them, you know, disappear after, you know, seven days, 60 days, whatever you'd like. And you can do the same thing with the transcripts. So if you want your transcripts auto deleted, that's something that you can build in regardless of the signing of the note.
amanda: Okay, this little seven second chunks and then stitching it together, that, that all sounds pretty on par with our experience with twofold. And that's been agreeable to our clients that have security concerns is knowing that there isn't a full session out there with their likeness stored somewhere.
Nathan Peereboom: Yes, absolutely.
Bill Eberhart: What about diagnosis code? Is that suggested as well? Oh, wow.
Nathan Peereboom: The diagnosis codes are suggested often in the note itself.
Nathan Peereboom: So yeah, you can have a diagnosis engine as well. I want to also just highlight some of the customization ability here because I think that that was important. I think I heard you say, Amanda, that that's important to you. Okay. So you have complete control over how your notes come out. You can, you know, upload a template. You can, you know, we've created all of these, you know, modules. You know, if you don't want to upload your own template where you can, you know, just add them, click, drag and drop into, you know, into the perfect note that you want to create, you can, you know, make sure that, like, that you can share that template, you can lock it for your organization so everyone in the organization has the same note coming out. And then when you actually go into the note and you want to make edits, you can, you know, you can really easily edit by just saying something like, hey, make the summary a list of bullets. And then what it'll do is it'll modify the summary and then you'll be able to have a list of bullets there. Boom. So it immediately updates it. And then what I can say is, I can say, yes, train this. And what that means is that every summary for this template going forward will have this modification.
Nathan Peereboom: So not only are you prescribing and ordering, not only are you saying, hey, these are the different sections I want the note, but as you use the tool more and more, what you're developing is. A note and a document that is glove fit for exactly the kind of payers you work with for the clinicians that you work with for your practice. In addition, we've got forms, we've got lab orders. You can create any arbitrary documents.
Nathan Peereboom: So if you want to write a referral letter, you say write a referral letter to a therapist and what it'll do is it'll take the patient record and, and immediately write the referral letter so that you have it on file. If your payers require that or if it's helpful to you in any way. It's hyper, hyper specific.
Nathan Peereboom: You can save it as a template. If you want to use this for other patients, you can share it. But again, the goal here is just like, you know, any piece of administrative work that you're currently doing, we want to take off your plate.
amanda: That's great, awesome. Thank you for speaking to that.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. Chad, I'm curious what's, what's going through your head right now? And I imagine you have really high pattern recognition with, you know, these sorts of tools. Are there, are there questions that you have? Are there certain things that you wish you could see right now?
chad: Yeah, I have some questions. So with, I'm going to use Twofold because it's, it's our biggest example. One of the issues that Twofold has, and this is a lot just has to do with how computers work and how audio drivers work, is its ability to be used for a virtual session running off of the same machine that is hosting the virtual session, depending on the audio drivers capabilities of that PC and how the user is accessing everything and giving permissions. Sometimes it can't work With Google Meet is what we're using a secure version or Zoom, and it won't collect unless it's being run up onto the second device. My understanding is that has to do with audio drivers and permissions and it sometimes can be user error. But Twofold has said, actually they say outright do not use this on the same computer you're doing a virtual session on because they know if they say that it's possible somebody's going to come after them. So have y' all addressed that? How do you, how does it integrate whenever using this on the same machine as a virtual session?
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, well, why don't we. Do you want to just do a little demo so that you can see? Because we're in Google Meet right now, we use Google Meet all the time for every single demo. We feel extremely confident about it. I mean, the answer to your question is just yeah, we, you know, our software is built for literally any telehealth program. You can see the audio registering here and there's. I would say, you know, we only work in behavioral health, and I would say that probably 80% of all the content that goes through JOT station. Like is telehealth.
chad: Right. So I, I, as the user, you know, I can see, you can see. I'm using a headset right now. So I technically have two live mics on this computer. I have to select which one. Some audio drivers will allow both. Most will only allow one. How does my uninformed therapist know that the right selection is made? Is there an alert if it's not the correct one?
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, so we'll tell you if it's not picking up audio. But I mean, it is the kind of thing where you typically do have to select where you want your audio coming from. The audio coming from, like, through the computer, that's like a single stream that like, is going to be picked up no matter what. So if you're on a telehealth visit with someone, you should pick like, I'm on Bluetooth headphones, I should pick that. And when I do, the audio will come straight from my headphones.
chad: No, yeah, I understand that. Just, I want, I was curious what the, what that process is like for the people who don't. Because we have, I mean, it's a spectrum of people that, yeah, this is no big deal. They've grown up with this technology. And we have older therapists that are like, this is a new, this is new for me. I hate doing virtual sessions.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. One thing that we do with clinicians, and you guys might find this helpful is. Let me flip through this. So when we do a pilot program, if you do a four or six week pilot program, we'll actually come out and spend like one to two days with your team. We do this probably 30 times a year with clinics that are large like yours. And what we do is we order lunch and we literally just walk everyone through what's happening, how to use it. We get everyone set up on the machine, we do some mock encounters. We happen, for better or worse, to be a fairly white glove software company. And what that means is, you know what that means is that we love learning from you. We want to create the software and modify the software such that you're thrilled with it and such that practices like yours benefit from us really bending over backwards to create something that's, that's very, very specific for, for how y' all work. And so when it comes to this learning curve, Chad, what I would say is have us come out and just do all that heavy lifting for you. And then when you're actually like, in the product, we, you know, we have this whole system where people can always book onboarding support with us you know, we have visits through, you know, all the time that enable, you know, people to just get on our calendars and, you know, and make sure that they, you know, that they're learning exactly the best ways to use job site and how to benefit from it.
chad: And you start at a pretty elementary technical level. Like, just because we have. Some people that need a lot of hand holding on just the basics of. Is your computer on? I'm not being sarcastic.
Nathan Peereboom: We have, you know, we've had well over 10,000 clinicians use JOT psych and trust me, you could not say anything that would surprise me about the bar of technical acumen across the United States.
chad: I did have one other question about capabilities.
Nathan Peereboom: Sure.
chad: Does it have the ability to take a transcript that's already been taken and upload it for a note template?
Nathan Peereboom: So here is, here's what I would say. So first, good question. If you want to drop in a transcript, you can always just drop it in the notepad and then generate the note. If you already have a note though, which is the more common situation, you can just redo the template here. So you can switch templates, regenerate the note, and the note will just regenerate under that template. So if it's in job site, it's just a single button to redo it.
chad: I was actually thinking from an outside the box perspective. For administrative. We looked at trying to use twofold to take our. Because we have AI generated transcripts of our calls through dialpad, but we wanted to have. For those longer calls to be able to summarize those in a consistent way.
chad: Because we have multiple admin, it really didn't work in twofold because we couldn't just upload those transcripts they had to use. So we had to have multiple things running. It was just asking for trouble trying to have two AI scribes running simultaneously. So that is all I needed to know. If I can upload a transcript that is, that's an upgrade to me.
Nathan Peereboom: One thing that people often do, you don't have to do this, but if you. An option is they will start a recording. They'll, they'll like do a predictation. So they'll, you know, start a recording and, you know, they'll be chatting through like, hey, I'm about to see, you know, Mark. Here are all the things that I know about Mark. Okay?
Nathan Peereboom: You know, he's about to walk in the room, you're about to hear, you know exactly what happens, and I'll get back to you. Okay?
Bill Eberhart: I was gonna, I was gonna say something in your recording so it could get a different voice for me, but no worries.
Nathan Peereboom: So you get this dictation and then you can just add another dictation. So you could. And Bill, feel free to jump in here.
Bill Eberhart: And I was going to talk about my mother.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, exactly. So. So when that happens, you know what it means is that you could do predictation post dictation, the encounter itself. And should you choose a phone call, you could drop in notes. Here you can. The note gets generated based on everything that you want to give it. And so it's just really, really, really dynamic in that way.
chad: That's great. That answered my question. Thank you.
Bill Eberhart: The converse, Nate, the conversation we just had, did you click generate note on that? I was. Curious to see what the results were, but no worries. Nobody else wants to see it.
chad: You're muted, Nathan.
Nathan Peereboom: So this is not going to be a real note because it's not based on medical documentation, Bill. So I'm going to omit it. I'm happy to. If we want to do a full demo where, like, we talk for five minutes about something medical related, that could work. But, um, I'm. I think it's going to be basically. Let's see if it's. It's going to be garbage, probably because we didn't really say anything medical.
Bill Eberhart: Well, that would be a good test. You know, when we. When people use it, they'd be like, I want to talk about my dog today. And, you know, that's not like it. Or, I want to talk about my son's baseball game the whole session. And, you know, it's not an. I was just curious to see, like, because sometimes that happens, you know, and there's not a medical. There's. There. There literally could be an entire call with a. Like a 12 year old or something, and they don't have anything medically to say or that nothing medically was talked about at all that could justify an insurance reimbursement, possibly. And I was just going to, you know, because we'd want to test both sides of that coin. So.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, totally makes sense. And, you know, again, the reason why we do the pilot program, Bill, is that we believe that that kind of clinical sensitivity, you know, the ability to know. Is this a good note? As a clinician? Do I think this is a good note? That's what we hang our hat on. And so the best way to experience that is actually just to put it in the clinical setting and hear what your clinicians say about how their quality, you know, what the quality of note is, that changes.
Nathan Peereboom: All right, great. So in terms of going forward, I know we're a little over time here. Amanda and Chad, are y' all interested in a pilot? Like, is that something that you would find helpful in just getting more information?
amanda: Yeah, I don't. I don't mind selecting maybe a couple of our clinical directors to give it a spin.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay. And then in terms of coming out to see you, would you like us to be in person and kind of help get people spun up for the pilot?
amanda: I don't know that we would need that for the pilot. I could envision that for the rollout, but not for the pilot, because it would just be a couple of clinicians, and they're pretty savvy. They're not the ones contacting Chad about the microphone issue.
chad: Training a clinician to use a tool that we know is useful is fine. So that knowing that the experts in have used AI tools have been taking notes a long time. They know the difference between useful and not. If they're giving me the sign off, then I'm happy to hold hands while people figure it out. But if that's the first test, is, are they. Are they like, ooh, this is a great tool.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, awesome. So it sounds like, are you guys interested in like a two week or a four week pilot in that case?
amanda: I think this is the two week pilot would be sufficient for us to kick the tires.
Nathan Peereboom: Awesome. Well, why don't we get you started with that? That sounds perfect. On our side, do you have any. Can we schedule a kickoff call just so we can, you know, get. Get this rolling as fast as possible?
amanda: Let's see.
Bill Eberhart: I do have a question, Amanda, about your current. Your. The current software you're using. Are you locked into any weird long term contract agreement with them?
amanda: I have that on my to do list to ask today.
Bill Eberhart: Good. Cool.
amanda: I do pay for a year at a time, get a discount for that. But I don't know what the reset is.
Bill Eberhart: Yeah, maybe, maybe we can work out a deal if. Depending on how close away, like if you just signed it like last month, then it would be a huge number. Of course. But maybe there's like a. I don't know. But yeah, I would. If you need help with that, we can. We might be able to poke holes in what they were able through contract said they can deliver and they can't do it. So we might be able to have like a loophole, find a loophole to get out of the contract for free if you may have to send it to me or something. But maybe not. I don't know.
amanda: I appreciate it.
Nathan Peereboom: All right. All right, perfect. Well, yeah, why don't we set a time for next week? How would would Monday at 5pm Work for you? 5pm Eastern.
amanda: I'm sorry. I pulled up my schedule and then I didn't say anything about it. So Tuesday morning I have my meeting with my clinical directors. I would want to talk with them about what we're doing with the. With a test run. I would like to talk to them about that at that meeting. And then my next week is kind of trash for me because I'm out of town and conference and stuff. So the following week would be a better launch. So I tell them on Tuesday and then the following week would be better.
Nathan Peereboom: Perfect. Okay, cool. How about, um, how would 10:30aM on Monday the 9th sound to you?
amanda: Monday the 9th?
Nathan Peereboom: I'm sorry, what time? 10:30 Eastern. What time zone are you all in?
amanda: Central.
Nathan Peereboom: Central. Okay, so 9:30 your time. Would that work?
amanda: A.m.
Nathan Peereboom: yeah.
amanda: Yes. Yeah. 9:30am is fine.
Nathan Peereboom: All right, perfect. Sounds like a plan.
Bill Eberhart: Good question. Time zone and a.m. or p.m. that's very good. Well, I would. I was talking to somebody in Alaska, and they're like, oh, it's. It's five here. And I was like, what? Oh, yeah, so there's still two time zones over, but. But on the globe, it's like they're really far away.
Bill Eberhart: They should be three, but they're not like, the time zone.
amanda: Anyways, okay, so Monday the 9th at 9:30am for an overview call with the people I select to do a pilot.
amanda: Is that correct?
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, exactly. And what we'll do is we'll just introduce the software. We'll give them, you know, our contact information. We'll get them all set up. We'll do a demo, you know, the whole. The whole shebang.
amanda: Okay. Okay, awesome.
Nathan Peereboom: Well, listen, it is wonderful to meet both of you. Bill, Brittany, thank you for making this introduction. If you guys have any questions in the meantime, you know I'm always here, and we're really excited for. For y' all to get a little taste of jot. Psych.
amanda: Yeah, nice to meet you, too. And we'll see y' all on the ninth.
Nathan Peereboom: All right, perfect. Sounds good. Thank you.
chad: Thanks, everybody.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Yep, bye.