Nathan Peereboom: I don't think we've met before, have we?
MaryAnna Domenic: No.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, great. Well, my name is Nate. I'm the CEO and co-founder of Jotzyc. And I guess before we jump into everything around our billing services, I would love to just get to know you a little bit. Can you tell me about your clinic, what you practice, how you practice, all that jazz before we get into it?
MaryAnna Domenic: Sure. And I apologize. I kind of forgot about this meeting out having fun.
Nathan Peereboom: No, that's perfect.
MaryAnna Domenic: So, and I have my office manager here with me, too, Chris. So he can't see you. I didn't put it on the camera on. So I was single. I'm single provider office. You know, I see basically the whole spectrum from four to, like, you know, I have Medicare patients. And pretty much, you know, do everything outside of, like, substance abuse disorders. I've been using jobs like for some time now. What I like it because I like the ability, especially in psych to actually, like, look at my patients when I talk to them and not just have to sit there and click buttons and, like, constantly be, you know, typing or whatever. So I like to be able to, you know, have that. Like, running in the background, essentially. I mean, I still do some typing. Like, there's something, like, significant that they discuss. I'll, I'll put it into the EMR just to make sure that, like, it's captured. And I remember I wanted to make note of that. But what I'm doing right now is, you know, going through and then, like, making sure that everything's captured correctly and copying and pasting it into my emr, which is kind of a pain in the butt. So if you guys are offering, you know, a solution that's end to end, that would be great. Some of, like, my. Wish list of things when it comes to software, like from an AI perspective, my preference is you guys, even though my current EMR has AI capabilities, it's just they're not, I don't know, trained as well, I guess. And the other piece that seems to be missing, and this is across the board from EMRs is a good integration of intake, like client intake information, insurance information intake where, you know, you can upload a photograph or whatever and capture credit card information because I can't tell you how many times I'll have patients who will, you know, make an appointment and then don't show. And it's like a new, you know, new patient hour-long appointment that I'm holding for them, and then they never show up and I have no way of, you know, recouping that for what they, they sign saying, you know, I will cancel this appointment. Otherwise, I understand there's a no show fee. So that's frustrating. So, yeah, that's sort of where I'm at. So wanted to know what you guys had to offer and kind of what you're rolling out. And, and Billings is a nightmare, too, to be honest with you. Like, I'm doing my own billing in-house because I think Headway is a bunch of, like, robbers, basically. And I hope they get sued one day.
MaryAnna Domenic: And so during that in-house but even that is kind of a nightmare, like the workflow is just, I don't know, I, I get it. I understand. There's the clearing house, but it's like, okay, so I'm working in my EMR, and then I'm going into the clearinghouse working in, in that, you know, essential EMR. Like, there's just so much redundancy. It's, it's ridiculous.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. Yeah. When you. I guess, let me, let me start. Let me start a little earlier. So do you have, like, a personal website and, like, are you fully credentialed to, like, practice on your own if you didn't want to go through Headway?
MaryAnna Domenic: Yeah. Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, cool. And when you do your billing now, you said it's like a nightmare. What makes it hard? What's challenging about billing for you?
MaryAnna Domenic: Well. So I sent it off. So, you know, I, I built through my. EMR, and then we, they use enolon as a clearinghouse. So, you know, it'll look like, okay, it's fine. The claim's been submitted on our end. But then we still have to go to through a novlon and make sure that it wasn't rejected by the payer for any reason. That information isn't transmitted back to my EMR to tell me, like, hey. Just kidding. We said that the claim was submitted, but all that means is that's it. It was submitted. It doesn't come back with any data saying it was, you know, rejected it, you know, and, and sometimes it's like stupid stuff. Like, I think it's United Healthcare who doesn't want a group number. So if you submit it without a group number, it goes through. I have no idea why. You know, it's like, so it's just, there's a lot of. Redundancies. I don't understand why they, the systems just can't talk to one another a little bit more seamlessly.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. Yeah. Is is your dream just that, like, you'd be able to. You know, bring patients into the calendar, have all your billing eligibility checks. The notes, the e prescription. And the billing, like, just all in a single system. Is that the dream?
MaryAnna Domenic: Yes. A soup to nuts would be fantastic. And to be quite honest with you, I mean, I've been looking at a number of different EMRs. I actually signed up with another one. Aside from the one that I'm currently using, and that's very frustrating, too, because I will get the sales pitch. And then once you actually sign up and you start doing, you find out that there's capabilities that seems to have been there. But once you actually start using it or not there. And so that's really frustrating as well. So I'm currently actually paying for two different EMRs because the one I was, I thought was going to be a better choice for me. And when I tried to switch over, I realized, like, oh, the exact reasons why I'm coming to you is. Not helpful whatsoever. So why am I going to bother, you know, putting all of my data, like, because that's a pain in the butt going from one to the other, you know, obviously.
MaryAnna Domenic: So it, you know, it is what it is. But I don't have, like, I'm a single office, so I don't have, like, Athena money or valent money. Like, I, I don't have that much to spend. But at the same time, like. You know, there, there has to be a better way.
Nathan Peereboom: Do you, like, if I were gonna ask you about, like, your current billing situation? Like, if I were gonna say, like, how many of your claims get approved and, like, what is the breakdown of, like, why claims get denied? Do you feel like you have a good understanding of, like, the economics of your practice? Like, here's how much availability I have. Here's who shows up. Here's who, you know, actually pays. Here's who, you know, here's how long it takes to submit to the insurance. Here's how long they take to get it back.
MaryAnna Domenic: Yeah, I don't really have that information. I mean, that would great information to have reporting is another thing that I, I mean, but I'm a little bit different, though, in that. So my background is in business. My undergrad was in marketing and I worked in corporate for a while before I switched became an NP. So I like reports and spreadsheets and stuff like that. But I'm not, I just, I don't get that from my current EMR, and that is information that I'd like to have. But it just doesn't exist.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. One thing that we. Okay, so let me start out by, you know, stepping in and just kind of explaining the vision for our company. Mariana. You know, our goal is to be the full operating system for your practice. You know, we started out with the AI scribe. What we realized, though, is that people actually were using us as an AI scribe primarily because they wanted to protect their billing cycle. And so we launched jot bill with the idea that, hey, if we take in all the payer documents and we're writing your notes, we can unite the documentation and the note world. Or, sorry, the, the billing and the note world. So we can make sure that all the notes justify the claims. We can make sure the claims are coherent with the notes when there's appeals. We can do auto appeals. We can do that whole process using AI in a way that protects and defends the clinician. You also, oh, I'm sorry. Go on.
MaryAnna Domenic: No, say that's awesome. I mean, I feel like, you know, from the perspective of AI, I think there's a lot more capabilities than we're actually using them for right now and from, like, a note perspective. You guys are, are spot on. Like, I prefer your AI over any of the other ones that I've tried. So, yeah. So what, what else you got?
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, so, so I think you probably know that we are a full electronic health record. You know, we've got scheduling, we've got, you know, e prescription, we've got the intake forms, all of that. But I know that it's a big thing. You're already paying for two EMRs. My view is that one of the.
MaryAnna Domenic: Sorry. Well, I'm also paying for you guys. I'm paying for you guys to, to do my notes. And then my, my regular EMR and then the ones that I signed up for and didn't realize that it was like a year long contract that I signed up for that made promises that didn't actually exist.
Nathan Peereboom: Well, we always have this sense that people want to dip their toes in slowly. They want to learn about us. It's a big relationship to have an EMR or, you know, a billing service work for you. And so one of the things that I would recommend if you are interested in working with us is doing what we call a jot no analysis. So jot no is a one time like $300 cost. It's just a stake fee to make sure that like you actually want the thing. And what we do is we take an analyst from our team and we point them at your current billing data and your current, you know, appointment data. And we give you a full like consulting project basically that walks you through, you know, what are you earning? What are you billing? Where is money getting lost or lagged? You know, where are you losing working capital? Where are you? Why are you getting denied? Which payers are reimbursing you differently for different CPT codes? How does your patient payment scissor well with your or, or like, you know, zipper and cut through, you know, your insurance information? And then of course the most important thing, which is like, what should you be doing differently? And what's great about this is it allows us to understand you at a practice level in a really, really deep way. And to, to help craft your jot sec experience around that. So, you know, have you used jot audit? Are you familiar with that?
MaryAnna Domenic: I'm familiar with it. I honestly, I haven't had the chance to actually, like, go in there and, and utilize it just yet, just because, again, it's like I, you know, I have my EMR. I have to, like, do whatever in there. And then I, I use you guys for notes, and then I have to go into the enoble on that's connected to my EMR. And then it's like. Okay. And then in client intake, that's a whole other animal that, like, just is not very well incorporated. And, you know, it's like pulling teeth to sometimes get from people.
MaryAnna Domenic: So, you know, it's just, there's a lot.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. Well, one thing, I mean, I won't, I won't actually go into. Like, I, I don't want to, like, kind of overwhelm with just, like, a feature tour here, but I guess let me ask, like, is that jot no analysis something that you would be interested in? Because then what happens is we can say, hey, based on what's happening to your practice financially, this is what we recommend. And we can be really honest with you, too, about, like, the features that are in beta versus the features that are fully formed. But, but, you know, the core, the core thing, the promise that we're making to you is we are the best system if what you're trying to optimize is ease and outcome of your billing. Because our, as that clinicians know how to practice, they want to spend time with clients. And they don't want to do any of the administrative work, but they have to do administrative work if they feel like their business is not sustainable because, because of the billing cycle or compliance or audit risk or all of that. So our view is like we are the best software and service team for a very like, hey, I just want you to take care of my billing and I want my, you know, the other things like intake forms and, you know, all that to be in the same system. That's why does that make sense?
MaryAnna Domenic: It does. Question for you. Where, where are your developers located? Are they offshore? Are they us?
Nathan Peereboom: They are 100 located in New York City. So we are, yeah, everyone's in New York City. We don't do any like offshore development.
MaryAnna Domenic: Okay. All right. That's great because I'm finding that the EMR that I'm with now is still somewhat in beta because there's a lot of bugs. And then the, you know, developers are offshore. So obviously it's like completely different timeline and time of day, the whole night here. So I didn't think that that would be an issue. And then all of a sudden I'm like, oh, this is an issue. So. Okay. And then my other question is, what clearing house are you do use?
Nathan Peereboom: We use a clearinghouse called steady. Are you familiar with study?
MaryAnna Domenic: I am not.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, they're just one of the blue chip, like great clearing houses. They're very developer friendly. They're also based in the US.
MaryAnna Domenic: Okay, great. So do you have, like, anything you can send to me in terms of what the scope would be for the consultant, so to speak? To take a look at my, my books?
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. So this is really here. Let me just show you. So this is our jot bill presentation, and there's a page in the back. So, you know, we talked about this. This is what the job bill analysis is.
MaryAnna Domenic: All you have to send us
Nathan Peereboom: is like some version of, like, a log into your EHR, and then we just set time on the calendar and we, I'll just walk you through the presentation, basically. There's not, there's not more. It's like very bespoke, you know, like, I, I think it's typically what I do is it'll sit down with an analyst. We'll look at all the raw data we can download. That has to do with, again, appointments, billing claims, denials. And then, and then we'll start, like, kind of analyzing it and getting you, again, answers to these three questions. What are you earning today? Where is money getting delayed or lost and what changes would unlock the most impact? And again, the price, it's $300. We spend around five to 10 hours on it. So it's a pretty great per hour price. But the reason we charge for it is just because it actually is quite a bit of work. And it's awesome for us, though, because it's a, it's a sort of like first date, you know, it's a way for you to see, like, hey, these are the human beings who built this software. This is how they think. This is like how much insight they have or how much insight they don't have. Some people, well, I shouldn't say that. I mean, everyone who does the job bill analysis ends up going forward and billing with us because they find the, the richness and the depth of it so compelling. But it is a nice test to, to figure that out. And also it's a statement about the fact that, like, we are not, we're not the cheapest option. We're not in short option. We are like the premium white glove we take. Like, we take great care of our clients. You know, service. And this is a really good introduction to that tone and that approach to the way that we do business.
MaryAnna Domenic: And can you also send me what, you know, I'm already paying $150 per month, essentially, to use your AI service. If I added billing client intake, like if I were to do, like, a whole EMR kind of soup to nuts with you guys, what would that look like on my end? Who do you use as a credit card processor? What are their fees? Like, would you be able to kind of just put that all into.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. So I can answer all those questions. So full EMR, like whole kit and caboodle is 249 per month. If you decide for us to manage your billing, we charge a standard billing fee. From four to eight percent. So if you decide to do the eight percent with us, you know, we are doing. Hyper vigilant eligibility checks. We're writing like documentation and notes that are based on the pair contracts you own, you have. We're coding your notes. We're generating clean claims, and we're submitting those claims. We're then posting the payments, analyzing whether the era is coherent with the contract you have automating the appeal process. If anything gets denied. Updating your payer rules, also looking in your bank account and figuring out, hey, when something is said that it's going to be paid, does it actually get paid? You know, when a patient owes you, you know, how are we, you know, we track that? And then you also get a dedicated billing manager. So this is a very, very high touch service.
MaryAnna Domenic: Okay, I see. So you guys are essentially acting as a biller. It's not just that you have the capability. To bill within your EMR.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, that's right. Eventually, like, probably fairly soon we'll have self-serve billing. But right now, our view is we want people to have the best experience. We want to be a white glove service. And so we provide something that is really turbocharged because we have, you know, all these AI tools that are really, like, totally different than just having humans work on it. But, but, but we do charge, like, kind of the normal billing fee. We haven't done anything Innovative around pricing.
MaryAnna Domenic: Okay. Yeah. I mean, in that case, it's not really something that I would be interested in moving forward with. I do like the ability to do my own billing. I don't have a separate. Filler. So, I mean, I take insurance anyway, so it's not like I get paid oodles of money. So to take the little that I do get paid and give it to a biller just doesn't make sense for me.
Nathan Peereboom: Well, let me ask this. We have a beta program that's rolling out, and I'm telling you, it's beta, but it is a self-serve billing.
MaryAnna Domenic: Okay.
Nathan Peereboom: It is, it's so beta that we don't have a price for it. So if you were going to start, like, you know, you could use the tool and what we would ask for is feedback. And then at some point it would be priced. So that's something that if you wanted to do that, you could the, the, the thing that it, the thing that we're doing is we're taking essentially all the internal billing tools that we use and making them accessible to clinicians. So it's software that's, like, kind of ugly right now.
MaryAnna Domenic: It's hyper.
Nathan Peereboom: It's very functional because we use it, you know, we, we process claims all the time. But if you were interested in that, it's something that, you know, over the next few months would turn into, you know, a full self-serve billing product. Now, one thing that I will also mention is that we don't require any contracts. You know, you mentioned, you know, this other company where, you know, where you got locked into a one year contract. So you know this about jot psych classic. We don't require that. And so one thing that's nice is, again, our philosophy is we win in the market when people try our products. We win when they have good experiences with our team. And so every way that we've constructed this early discovery process is about letting you take a very, very small sample of experience and then do with that whatever you would, would like. So if you'd like, you know, I'd be happy to, you know, to pull you in for that beta program. Is that something you'd be interested in?
MaryAnna Domenic: Yeah, that's, that sounds great. I, I mean, like, you know, if I was a multi provider office. And, you know, having someone doing billing for me or having you guys do like, that would make sense for me, but just as a one man show, it's and, and taking insurance and, you know, it's just financially that doesn't make sense to me right now. But with that being said, I, I do find value in the right tools that will help me to, you know, optimize my business. And I, to be totally honest with you right now, I'm not finding any EMR that's really, you know, doing that. So. Yeah, that I would be totally fine with that. And even if it's, you know, I'm pretty tech savvy, like, I can kind of just, I don't mind, like, clicking and trying to figure out what, what things will do for me. Yeah. So. Yeah, I don't know. Yeah, I would totally be interested in that.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, great. Well, why don't we set up some time then to, to kind of. Do a little bit of a kickoff there? I, well, first of all, do you want to do the job bill analysis? Because that also, like, is something that would be a helpful, it could be really helpful for you, particularly if you're doing your own billing.
MaryAnna Domenic: Yeah. So another question for that is so I just recently was starting, like, December 15th of 25 that I moved away from headway for billing. So I don't have a whole heck of a lot of data. Does that matter?
Nathan Peereboom: No, that's totally fine. I mean, if you've got three months of data coming up on four.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, pretty much. Yeah, that's, that's totally, totally good. Which, which software do you do this in?
MaryAnna Domenic: Which software? Using I can notes right now.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay. Oh, yeah, we've done iCAN notes a bunch. So I, I mean, yeah, like, we're happy to do it for you. It's obviously totally up to you. All we need is the law, like a login to download all the raw data.
MaryAnna Domenic: Okay. And then what. From. I'm just trying to the what's in it for me kind of a thing, just knowing that I'm not going to be moving forward with having you guys do the billing for me.
Nathan Peereboom: It's really that we give you a, like, hey, here are the three things that you should do to improve your billing. And they're different for every practice. I mean, sometimes we tell folks, hey, there's an extra, you know, $10,000 a year that comes if you, you know, do psychotherapy add-on codes with every visit. You know, sometimes we say it to people, hey, based on where you're getting denied, you know, you should, you know, you should be including like a more robust MDM in each of your notes, you know, whatever it is. So it's that sort of analysis. Okay. Mariana, I unfortunately have to run to another call right now. Why don't we send you a follow up. Do you want to put a tentative time to talk about this or to at least get a, like, you know, presentation delivery sometime maybe next week?
MaryAnna Domenic: Yeah, that would be great. And if you also could from a client intake perspective, how can I find out more information about that, too? Because that honestly is a pain point for me as well.
Nathan Peereboom: Yes. Okay, let me. Yeah, let me send that over. But. Wait, sorry, let me, I'm just going to tell the person I'm meeting with that I need two more minutes. Hang tight. Okay. All right. So let me just get you some time to, to kind of go through all of this. All right, next week. Okay. Okay. So next Monday.
Nathan Peereboom: So Monday the 30th, you want to meet with our intake form team at like 2 p.m. eastern.
MaryAnna Domenic: How. So start seeing clients at three on Mondays. Could you at like one or any earlier time that day, essentially.
Nathan Peereboom: 12 30 would work.
MaryAnna Domenic: Okay. And is that. Or, I mean, if an hour is enough. Yeah, I know. I kind of need like a minute before I see people if we could do 12 30. That would be great.
Nathan Peereboom: It's going to be half an hour. It probably won't be an hour.
MaryAnna Domenic: Okay. So, I mean, half an hour. Yeah. Anything that would just give me like that we would be done by 230 just so I have a few minutes before.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. Yeah. You'll be done by 2 30. For sure. Let's see.
MaryAnna Domenic: All right, I'm driving back. I'm multi tasking.
MaryAnna Domenic: Like, that's totally good all the time, every day.
Nathan Peereboom: Boom. Okay. Okay, great. So that is in your. Inbox. And then let's also set some time to do the jot note to, to do a jot now analysis. Does that work?
MaryAnna Domenic: That would be great.
Nathan Peereboom: All right, perfect. I'm going to set this at you, too. Let's see. How does Wednesday at. 7 p.m. eastern sound to you?
MaryAnna Domenic: Okay. What went there? Are we talking about Wednesday the 1st?
Nathan Peereboom: Sorry, April 1st.
MaryAnna Domenic: What time?
Nathan Peereboom: 7 p.m. eastern.
MaryAnna Domenic: I have clients till eight o'clock on Wednesdays.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay. No worries. How about. Friday at 5 30?
MaryAnna Domenic: Okay, hold on one second. Friday. April 3rd. At 5 30. Yeah, that's fine. Okay, great.
Nathan Peereboom: All right, so I'm going to send this. And I will see you then. Okay.
MaryAnna Domenic: Sorry, it's loud. In the meantime, if there's, like, a scoop of work that you could send me, that would be great. Just look at kind of look that over and see what. To expect.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, perfect. Yes, I will. And if you could send me log into your EHR so I can, you know, pull that data and do the analysis, that would be. That'd be awesome.
MaryAnna Domenic: Will do.
Nathan Peereboom: Lovely. All right. Thanks a million. Take care, Mariana.
MaryAnna Domenic: You too. Bye.
Nathan Peereboom: Bye.
MaryAnna Domenic: Bye.