Jack Waugh: Hey Chris, how's it going?
Chris Rodriguez: Yourself?
Jack Waugh: I'm doing well. Thanks for asking. Yeah, good to talk to you face to face. I know we exchanged a little bit of back and forth over email. Yeah, so I just kind of wanted to find out how did you find out about Jot Psych? What and what kind of made you interested in trying us out?
Chris Rodriguez: I think it was Facebook. Post. I just kind of inquired about it. Looks pretty good. Kind of want to see what features might be able to use. And kind of go from there.
Jack Waugh: Cool sounds good. Yeah. Happy to help you with that. Well, basically, if you just kind of want to walk me through what some of the needs you have for your practice are, I'll tell you what solutions we might have just kind of off the bat.
Chris Rodriguez: So right now I'm using practice cube intake cue for scheduling. Forms. We're using that. I also use a program called glass health. Using that for clinical type work. And then I have another program I use. Called pod for like note taking. So. I want to kind of find an all inclusive package. That can do the dictation, the AI notes. Possibly, you know, medication. Prescribing. I mean, I don't have. A software for e-prescribing right now. Yeah, I'm just going to use, I think it was like. A standalone indie indie. I don't remember what it was called, but I really don't like it. So I wanted to kind of know what y'all have as far as, like meditation, prescribing features or concern and interaction checking to make sure that you know the patient's safe when we're prescribing medication.
Jack Waugh: Right. Cool. Makes sense. So okay, so the dictation and the scribe element, and I'm hearing also the e-prescribe, which we do as well. And then I know you mentioned something for forums as well.
Chris Rodriguez: Yes, yes.
Jack Waugh: Yeah. So we actually built into JotSyc. We have like a forms thing that you can like upload your own forms and send them to patients. So I'll show you how that works as well. Okay, cool. And then also as far as like billing goes, is that something you're set up with right now? Are you looking to like find out more about that as well?
Chris Rodriguez: Yeah. We wanted to find out more about that too because I'm using Office Ally, but for some reason I'm pushing through some forms of some claims and they're, you know, bouncing back. And I don't want to hire a third party biller unless I really have to.
Jack Waugh: So they're bouncing back like you're getting under miles. Yeah, this is a really common thing. We've been hearing it a lot, especially recently. It's been happening to a lot of people. Okay, awesome. Well, let me kind of walk you through all of these things based on like what you've been telling me. So basically jot psych as you know is an AI scribe. So we're built specifically for behavioral health clinicians. We're able to help people save anywhere from. Five to eight hours per week on their note taking on average. But honestly, I've heard people say it saves them like 10 hours of work. The reason for that is because it's actually trained on notes that were more likely to get approved through insurance for psych professionals. It's like it's a lot more accurate. For the billing language. Than your average like AI medical scribe is. So that's like kind of the big upside of job psych. And that's also where billing comes into play for us. So what we've done is we've actually taken that and created that as like an integral part of the billing process. Too. So the way it works is like through billing, we're able to do everything like eligibility. And then when you actually go to create the note. We can tell you exactly what needs to change in the language of the note. So it's like a perfect note. And that goes across like different payer rules. So if, you know, Blue Cross has one type of set of rules that the note needs to format. Because of our AI, we have like a really big performance advantage there. So we can tell clinicians, okay, for this note going to this insurance, this is what you need to output. And it's made, so it's just like one click, you just like look it over and approve it and you don't have to do any of the guesswork of the language and the note what needs to change there. And then we like submit those for you and kind of like give you an overview like a financial advisor would. Yeah, let me pause there. Does that, is that kind of like sound like it could be helpful.
Chris Rodriguez: Yeah. Yeah, that's what we're kind of looking for because I mean, you know, I use, you know, headway and growth therapy, but I'm also credentialed with insurances in my own private practice. The problem is I haven't really started advertising and accepting patients on my own just because of the billing piece. So, I mean, I probably saw three patients. Trying to build their insurance. One came back paid, no problem. The other two are on Medicaid, superior Medicaid. And I'm just having a bunch of trouble with those, you know, and I don't have time to hassle with them and try to figure out what's being denied and redo them. So I got, you know, Two patients pending now on that. Plus the problem is with. Growth therapy and headway, they don't allow me to add in certain things like, you know, if I do gene site testing, which I have a lot of patients come to me for gene site testing. There's no way I can add that. If I do any testing for ADD, ADHD can't add that. So I'm really limited. You know, on what I can do for these patients. Same with labs, you know. Yeah. You know.
Jack Waugh: So it's missing a lot of billing options and different things that you can actually bill your time for basically.
Chris Rodriguez: Correct.
Jack Waugh: That's good to know. I know we offer a pretty comprehensive, like as far as that goes. Like you should be able to find just about anything you can bill for with jot psych. And the other thing is I'm sure you're aware of this, but you know headwind grow. Take like a pretty big cut. On top. Like they take, you know 20 to 30% of billing. We actually take between a four to 8% cut. Depending on what you're looking for us to do. So we're a much more affordable and I think we're also better because we're actually able to make the notes completely audit proof. And basically make you submit a perfect note so you don't deal with these kind of, you know, issues and with claims and denials and different things like that. So that might that will actually be a separate meeting. I could put you on a call with our CEO, Nate, and you guys could talk a little more about billing. And stuff like that. But for now, I want to make sure I also tell you about the scribe side of things and ePrescribe as well. So as far as like the note taking end of things, what would you say like your current note taking time just like ballpark looks like in a given week.
Chris Rodriguez: So I mean now I'd probably say 30 minutes to an hour per note.
Jack Waugh: Okay. Yeah, that's a lot of time. Yeah. Okay.
Chris Rodriguez: So what's because I have to take it from my glass health, review it, make sure everything's good and then copy and paste it into the headway platform or grow therapy platform. And then they do their own check. And so it's very time consuming.
Jack Waugh: Oh man. Yeah, that's, I can imagine that's a lot. Well, with jots like, you know, our aim is to get that down to like five minutes per note for you. And sometimes it can be like two minutes honestly once you get into the flow of it. Have you had a chance to actually try Jot psych and like use it at all?
Chris Rodriguez: Not really. Not really. And then the reason is because I'm kind of waiting to get a system in place prior to accepting more patients with insurance is what I don't want. Is I don't want to start taking on all these patients and then I'm getting all these denials. Yeah, just kind of snowballs.
Jack Waugh: So billing for you and avoiding denials is really the biggest thing I'm hearing. Like that's kind of the number one before you can kind of go forward with anything.
Chris Rodriguez: Correct. And the other thing too is I also do a lot of psychotherapy. And what happened is in the in the software I use, it's kind of hit and miss with getting the notes for psychotherapy and the mental health portion. I mean glass health works well for like, you know primary care internal medicine. But if you go into doing behavioral health, it's still like real hit and miss.
Jack Waugh: Gotcha. So what I'm going to do here, I'm going to see if my colleague is going to hop on here because he'll be able to give you a pretty comprehensive overview of billing. If not, I will schedule a different call for you with Nate who's our CEO and you guys can get into it then and talk about, you know, what some of the things you're looking for for billing. Are. Let me see if he's. Okay cool. So yeah, that makes a lot of sense. So basically the way Jot psych as far as the scribe portion of things is meant to be used is like, you know, you hit record. Patient walks in. They walk out, you hit stop record and we'll just kind of generate a fully HIPAA compliant note for you. And, you know, usually like 10 seconds. Hey Chris.
Christopher Hume: Hey Chris and hey Chris. Hey.
Jack Waugh: I was just talking with Chris here. He was telling me he's been having a lot of like he's trying to open up. Of course tell me if I'm understanding this right you're opening up or expanding your practice, right? But you've been facing a lot of issues with claims getting denied. And things kind of not not going through. Is that right?
Chris Rodriguez: Yeah. So right now I'm mainly on headway and growth therapy.
Chris Rodriguez: But what's happening is I'm already credentialed with a ton of insurance companies probably about 18 to 20 in my own independent practice. The problem is I probably seen about three to four patients on the side independently. And what's happening is we're running into trouble with the billing especially with Medicaid superior. We're in Texas superior. Centened Medicaid that keeps rejecting. A lot of the claims. But also. My hands are tied with headway and go therapy because they don't really allow me to do like add ons other than psychotherapy. If I want to build for like say, you know testing for ADD or ADHD or maybe a gene site test. I can't really. Go for that. Yeah. So that's what we're really running into is we're kind of at a roadblock. And then when I go to companies to do ask them about billing, most of them are saying, well, we need to do a minimum of, you know, a certain amount per month and we're going to charge you $700 a month to the billing. It's, you know, and right now I'm not at that capacity.
Christopher Hume: Absolutely. No, I mean this Chris is sort of the whole reason we exist. Because we see a lot of providers who are with these MSOs. So Headway and Bro Alma. And it's just it takes so much of your revenue and you sort of get stuck almost, you know, it's great that your credential is it should be a pretty easy transition. We don't have any minimums on how much you need to bill with us. I think the only requirement is that you make notes with JotSych. And so we love to, if you'd like to use us for your scribe and then just try a couple of your patients who aren't on Alma or Headway, we could do your billing. I think I'm happy to walk you through our whole billing process. I can do that today. But I think we'd be able to handle some of those issues you're having with Texas Medicare and Medicaid and then kind of as things work and kind of as you grow your business and move off with Alma and Headway. We're just kind of there to support you as you grow.
Chris Rodriguez: Yeah. Because I mean one of the other challenges I have is I think I have a claim that I tried to submit for a patient I saw in February. And I know I think we have like a three month time limit where we have to submit it within three months. And we're already in April.
Chris Rodriguez: So that one's been denied two or three times already so oh my gosh.
Christopher Hume: What were the helpful next step that you heard Chris? Happy if you have any time either tomorrow or later this week. And just actually get you up and running with our billing team. We could kind of walk you through the whole process in detail kind of show you our paperwork. We can send that ahead of time. But would that be kind of helpful or what would be the way it can be most useful here.
Chris Rodriguez: Yeah, I think so.
Chris Rodriguez: The other challenge too is I know that it's not psychic and cheap. I mean think it's $300 a month or so for the package so I would want to make sure that I'm going to be seeing those patients to pay for the package per month right now. I liked all the features. It's just I'd really have to have a real good comprehensive package that I'd be able to use. Because it's just me. I'm the only provider.
Chris Rodriguez: So if I can make it more, you know time efficient. Then I can see more patients more patients and then you know make up for the cost per month for the service.
Christopher Hume: So I should have asked off the top here Chris are you using headway and Alma as your EHR currently?
Chris Rodriguez: So right now I use intake Q practice queue. And then I use glass health for scribing glass health. So I've got a bunch of different programs I'm using.
Christopher Hume: You know to try to make everything work. How much do those two cost
Chris Rodriguez: a month roughly so Glass Health is $90 per month intake Q is about 85 90 bucks a month. So and then also prescribing that's roughly 30. So just for those three three programs right there we're already about you know 210 bucks a
Christopher Hume: month and so Jobs I think we include all that in that 299 fee. So we have I'm sure you've gotten this feel from Jack. We've e prescription we're rolling out telehealth you can use this scheduling forms all that good stuff. And I'm sure Chris you know have to check but once we have that billing call later this week if you're like hey guys this sounds great. I just need a little help this month as we kind of try it out and rotate out of these other software. I'm sure we can get you a discount from that first month absolutely.
Chris Rodriguez: Okay that's that's the main thing and as long as everything works for what I need it for.
Christopher Hume: Chris would you have any time on Wednesday I'll get you all the billing paperwork ahead of time kind of our contracts and all that just so you can come in ready you can sign ahead of time or ask any questions inside of them. McCall.
Chris Rodriguez: Yeah it looks like Wednesday I should be free. Probably. I'd say around three three o'clock Central Standard Time on.
Christopher Hume: Perfect so that is we're doing math my head that's four Eastern time it's perfect. I know your chap are you in Central
Jack Waugh: right now I'm in Central right now yeah Central four Eastern so we'll call this.
Christopher Hume: Chris what's the name of your practice?
Chris Rodriguez: So it's a BMR medical so a is an alpha B as in boy Image and Mary ours and Romeo a b m r Medical.
Christopher Hume: Make sure you're honest well.
Jack Waugh: And Chris I just sent you over. Chris's email.
Christopher Hume: Oh perfect thank you. And Chris did you see that come through?
Chris Rodriguez: Let me check. Yes.
Christopher Hume: Perfect so I think as I said we'll send you kind of our MSA and all of our billing documentation over ahead of time. The last thing that could be useful today so you have some time to play with job psych is could we get you sign up on a trial account.
Chris Rodriguez: Okay I think I did I did sign up with one or something I'm playing with now I'm not sure if it's a trial or not I just really haven't had much time to really dig in on the features I don't know if I'm signed up or not.
Christopher Hume: Let me see oh you are signed up wonderful. You're two steps ahead of me Chris well let me since you know we have this meeting I'm going to extend you back out for two weeks ago and they'll make a few notes. So you're gonna have two weeks from today and then if you just want to play with jot psych today and tomorrow come with any questions we'll make sure we get you the more in depth billing information later this afternoon or first thing tomorrow.
Chris Rodriguez: Okay yeah that that sounds good the main main thing I'm looking for now though is just to kind of try to take that deadline with that one claim that's being denied you know I had one company I think they're called Silverleaf Consulting medical billing they quoted me something about you know 375 dollars to get things started and then after that they charged $35 an hour to do the work and then you know once you reach over $10,000 a month you take a certain percentage I think it's about seven or 8% yeah that's why when I started doing a little search and found you guys I'm like well you know I'm better off doing a month with you all for less than this lady and and if it works great you know yeah
Christopher Hume: that's that's not how we work so we can yeah certainly do it for a lot less than that. Job bill is typically between four and eight percent but only of collected revenue so we're completely aligned with you we're not going to be charging you for billing if you're not getting reimbursed at a rate you're happy with. So now we'd love to help you with that and then if it works out hopefully grow grow with you.
Chris Rodriguez: Okay yeah that sounds good also I sometimes do other visits like primary care and hospice type visits I know jot psych is geared toward behavioral health do they have any would it be able to do anything a customized templates where I could possibly use it for some of my hospice visits
Christopher Hume: or absolutely behind the curtain Chris back 18 months ago maybe two years ago we were actually in two paths we had Jot psych and we had Jot pal which was a palliative care we took off in the psych space so that's where we focused our time. But people certainly use this for palliative care and we might even have some off the shelf templates for you. So I'll see if we have any other we can load up into your account but if not it certainly works for powering the pair as well.
Chris Rodriguez: Okay and yeah that that should be good because I do recertification visits a little bit about palliative care and minimal primary care.
Christopher Hume: And Bruce just so I can prepare us and our billing team for Wednesday you had an encounter in February it's gotten rejected twice and did you say that was a Texas Medicare? Is that correct?
Chris Rodriguez: Texas Medicaid it's the superior I think is like the star plus program. Superior Cintine it was a patient I saw for gene site testing there's actually two of them that I saw for gene site testing one got rejected the other one I'm still in the process of putting their notes together to submit for.
Christopher Hume: Billing. Quite a challenge it's pretty believable Byzantine web to get inverse we're happy to help that I'll chat with our billing team this afternoon Chris and make sure we're ready for that meeting.
Chris Rodriguez: Okay and then there was another one I submitted for United Healthcare I'm pretty sure that one came back is paid but it's real strange because it seems like they paid it within like two or three days it was very quick turnaround yeah I've got those three out there and I'm like kind of trying to figure out where these these claims have gone. And you know it's it's challenging because there's really no way to trace back. Which claim was faded not.
Jack Waugh: So.
Christopher Hume: It's that's kind of our vision as a company is to help people I view with that so I'm glad Jack was able to kind of kind of chat with you and then pull me into this meeting.
Chris Rodriguez: Yeah, that sounds good.
Christopher Hume: And Chris I think the last thing here I think I said that twice now but truly the last thing you received it and meeting invite to Wednesday.
Chris Rodriguez: Yes yes I got it.
Christopher Hume: Well Jack I appreciate you pulling me in I don't I know I kind of threw that our meeting off the rails here so if you guys have anything that to close out please do but I'll just say in case there are any last questions.
Chris Rodriguez: I think I think we.
Jack Waugh: Re good. Awesome yeah well looking forward to talking again Wednesday Chris thanks.
Chris Rodriguez: Okay let's see I'm checking here let me see just to make sure I got a link for today let me see I don't know if it came through for. Wednesday. I see Monday.
Christopher Hume: Let me see. Rock you guys 82 gmail.com for 4 to 4:30 Eastern so 3 to 3:30 Central. Are you looking at your email right now Chris?
Christopher Hume: Yes let me reset Chris. Always telling you no Chris very symmetrical messages okay I found it here.
Christopher Hume: Okay we got it wonderful and Chris will get you that documentation and we'll chat on Wednesday.
Christopher Hume: Okay sounds good okay bye bye have a good day thank you.