Becca Bressler: Hey.
Meredith Hogarty: Mary. Hello.
Becca Bressler: I'm doing well how are you? I'm good. Thanks so much for hopping on this call with me like a few different areas I'd love to cover with you just because we've been up to so much since I even reached out initially so there's a couple I don't let do you have a little bit more than 30 minutes or should we cap
Meredith Hogarty: it at 30 I have like 45.
Becca Bressler: Okay got it so a couple things or just to kind of put this ahead of you so I'd love to get some feedback from you on like the jaw audit. Panel like the practice administrator panel if I don't know if you look at it but. Like my question anyways I'll dive into that in a bit so that's one thing and then a couple other things. One is so we're trying to get people to test our telehealth platform but we're in the phase of testing where we're looking for people to like test it for a full week with all of their patients which is doable for some and not doable for others just based on their system so if that's something you eat that is doable for you I'd love to talk to you more about that but if that's just like too hard to adopt into your workflow given like I know appointment reminders are sometimes out of practice level so it's hard to like
Meredith Hogarty: you know I just don't know how I would do that. So I would definitely do it for a couple patients ones that I meet with kind of regularly and say hey like do you mind next week if we use this new platform but to do that with all of my patients for it's a logistical nightmare okay that's that's totally fine then
Becca Bressler: aside because we've we've done a little bit of feedback with people who've used it a couple times so we're just trying to the next phase of it right now so I'll set that aside but the other thing I would love to like test with you is we're building this patient chatbot so that you can query information against your patient using this chatbot like if if you want to ask questions about sessions or information we've heard this from some of our users that this is something that they'd be interested in but I think the key question we need to answer is like what are the questions that clinicians are asking and are they satisfied with the answers that are being returned?
Meredith Hogarty: What kinds of questions do you mean like clinical questions
Becca Bressler: so this is kind of the it's almost this is the type of thing where I almost don't want to lead you because I the goal here is to be like oh are we satisfying and maybe this is something that you've never even like desired or thought like
Meredith Hogarty: wanting to use AI all the time. So I would love a HIPAA compliant. Like I asked ChatGPT and Claude like things constantly.
Becca Bressler: About like clinical decision like medications and all of that.
Meredith Hogarty: I'll just say like it's a like for example like if a patient like I mean I hate to admit it but I do I obviously can't be the only person who does right so like if a patient says like oh I was just diagnosed with X y and Z and I'm like what the hell is that? Right so before maybe I would Google but like using an A I like it just like bam bam bam bam bam right I just like tells me I'll use it for that I'll use it for like like tell me the SSRIs that cause the least sexual side effects or cause the least sweating like if I have a patient who's had all these like you know. I'll ask it try to think of like what else? Just like various things about like side effects medications and like I might even already know the answer but I'm just like let's just you know I would love something like that and I would pay for it
Becca Bressler: so our first version of this is about the patient specifically so it's not for like sourcing information about patients or side effects or anything like that it's like you know imagining before a session like can you remind me what we talked about or like can you remind me is that a type of tool that would be valuable to you or do you kind of feel like you don't have those questions or need to be caught up in ways that like a chat interface would be helpful.
Meredith Hogarty: No I see what you're saying I've never thought about it because I it's never existed right but I will say like as my brain is aging and as I just keeps as my practice grows and I keep seeing new and new patients like yeah if I could chat something and just say hey like what did I what medication changes did I make again like right before session instead of like having to go through and like read that would be cool
Becca Bressler: yeah so I would it would be really helpful maybe we can spend some time I can put it on your account and you can like I just kind of want to watch you ask it questions and then talk to you about like what were you hoping or expecting to get versus like what did you get? Because there's a whole and there's like different dimensions of this right it's like does this seem accurate but then there's also like was this truly the question you were asking or did the system kind of like give you a really basic answer but you were looking for more depth so so maybe we can go into that a little bit too. To start though do you mind just sharing your screen and we can pull up the jaw audit panel. The the practice administrator view. So if you go to your practice. And you go oh excuse me sorry billing and auditing billing and auditing and you go to jaw audit. So I know I talked to you I interviewed you about jaw audit before specifically like mostly about the thing that shows up in the note do you look at this view ever.
Meredith Hogarty: Only when we talk about it only when we talk about Google buy it
Becca Bressler: so I'm curious why like is this information not valuable to you.
Meredith Hogarty: So. What is the compliance mean exactly like what is that percentage
Becca Bressler: mean yeah so the percentage is like if you. If you think about a note and the kind of ratings you get on the note it's not a number but it's like you have like three red flags or you know so that is being calculated as like compliance percentage like how much of the criteria is met if you will. And so like 58% compliant across your notes would be an average but it looks like that was actually for one encounter so it would be like you're hitting you're meeting 58% of the requirements for billing at this particular CPT code.
Meredith Hogarty: It. Why don't I use it? I just didn't really think about it I mean now kind of looking at it. I think it probably looks more helpful than I may have. Thought. But one thing I put in my note every time as I ask it to do the MDM and the medical complexity. And so it does that and so I just go yep 92 and 4 okay great I agree. And then I just do my add on psychotherapy code so I guess with that I kind of feel like protected and just kind of like, okay yeah, and my criteria but this obviously goes into a whole other layer.
Becca Bressler: So when you say that medical do you mean like jaw audit catches that it's missing some type of medical decision making and then you go and make that more robust is that what you're saying or no.
Meredith Hogarty: So I put in my template. To I asked it to like do. You know medical decision making and also put the medical complexity. It may not be as good as jot audit, but it says the reasons why it meets 99214 criteria and then it gives the medical necessity of why.
Becca Bressler: Got it. So you what you're saying is your template already kind of does it you don't need the like additional support basically. Do you so if you click over so if you if you were to like scroll up on this page for instance so you're looking at yourself right now but if you were to and continue scrolling up this page writer. If you were to click clinicians for instance.
Meredith Hogarty: Filter by provider or oh no so
Becca Bressler: next to this would show oh right okay so it's just you on this view. Okay got it. And will you scroll. Okay but. I guess. Right okay so for this I understand we actually probably don't need to spend this much time on this particular piece of it because I think I thought that you would be seeing other people's as well for some reason no it's just me if I
Meredith Hogarty: had other people in my practice I would probably look
Becca Bressler: at it more yeah that makes sense. Okay so I actually then love to spend the rest of the time watching you use this chatbot but let me get it on your account really quickly I have to do something. Okay.
Meredith Hogarty: One second.
Becca Bressler: Okay so this should take like 30 seconds or so to kind of show up. But. If you. Go if you were to pick a patient so like an upcoming patient maybe if you wanted to like get yourself prepared for a. Sec.
Meredith Hogarty: Ret. Let me see.
Becca Bressler: Are you clicking. On something outside of Jaws like right now oh you're probably looking at
Meredith Hogarty: your schedule or who's coming yeah because I don't use the names yet. Okay let's do okay that's fine okay. No that's not the right person. Hold. On i'm just gonna find the person this way.
Becca Bressler: Okay. We're good. All right so on the bottom right you'll now see this little circle button and so this is a patient assistant so. I'm just gonna watch you type things but if you could also monologue. Sure doing it what you expect what you're getting what you like or don't like.
Meredith Hogarty: Oh sorry what was the chief complaint last session just kind of thinking about. So again very slow. That's my thing like because I could just have clicked on the other note
Becca Bressler: right you could have totally just looked it up yeah.
Meredith Hogarty: Just reading it. This is helpful.
Becca Bressler: Yeah this does this feel like the level of detail you would hope for. Or.
Meredith Hogarty: Was to maintain current medications. Yeah it's very helpful actually and I will say. Sometimes I've noticed like although we talk about things like we talked about well but we talked about Zoloft sometimes. Well like many times it's in the note but almost hard to find. Like so or it's like not in a section that maybe I thought it would be in. So my point is this is very helpful it's not that slow I guess
Becca Bressler: one was but maybe the follow ups are less but that yeah it's still worth noting for sure so this one you were asking about different medications I discussed and this looks right to you.
Meredith Hogarty: I'm just I don't know. So like. So I mean these would be two basic things like why what was the last session about essentially like what was the chief complaint and like what. What were the treatment the medications that we talked about did we talk about any other. I would say. It's like. It's it's very detailed so like I'm just going okay psychotherapy strongly encourage her to engage in psychotherapy like okay great like behavioral and self care you discuss payroll activation encourage small realistic self character like. I don't think I would spend the entire time reading all of this
Becca Bressler: on it so you almost just like want more bullet if bulleted information
Meredith Hogarty: yeah because like when it's this detailed I'm almost like well why don't I just go read the note exactly right
Becca Bressler: you expect the system to be synthesizing and just like kind of showing you what you need to know.
Meredith Hogarty: Yes. Yes. What else could I ask? It? I don't know I could ask what well what was the patient's response to these treatments? I would typically remember.
Becca Bressler: But. Is this something that you would find valuable on the recorder page so like while you're recording in the session versus like on the patient's page
Meredith Hogarty: yeah that would that would be helpful because. Yeah I don't see why not.
Becca Bressler: When do you come to the patient's page. Typically is that do you do you visit patients page ever like as part of your workflow
Meredith Hogarty: not usually I don't usually need to I just do the record but when I use it as when whenever the billing's ready I do plan and the telehealth is ready to go. I do plan on switching over. I would use the patient page a lot more
Becca Bressler: if it had the things you were looking for. Or if we had these other things here.
Meredith Hogarty: Yeah, I need those two things before I switch completely. Because it doesn't make sense to do that before. Yeah trying to think of what else I would ask it. I mean. That would really be it. I don't I don't know what else I would ask in terms of prepping for the upcoming visit. I could say did I make any new diagnoses? But in my practice. I'm trying to think about like what types of providers this would be helpful for too. Like I don't know I probably have like almost 400 patients and. Like many of them probably half I've been seeing for quite some time. So like I'm pretty. Knowledgeable about them. I could see this be being helpful like last week I had like four or five intakes. So like that's hard to like keep track of. Yeah so like if I went to one of them.
Becca Bressler: This this looks like just so I can say it for the grain as a recording. This looks like a lot you basically asked where any new diagnoses made during the session. It says no, but then it's telling you the existing diagnoses is that helpful information or is that like fluff because you're like no I just had one question. I just want that question answered. Or do you find it valuable to be like to have this surface?
Meredith Hogarty: Yeah I mean. It's a good question so yes technically it's not answering technically like all this extra stuff that wasn't my question right I guess if I wanted that question answered, I would have said what are their diagnoses?
Becca Bressler: Yeah like like the fact that it returned that for you are you like oh this is way too much or you like okay no this is helpful.
Meredith Hogarty: I already know this yeah like I already know what her diagnoses are so it's not that it's not helpful but it wasn't necessary.
Becca Bressler: It wasn't necessary.
Meredith Hogarty: Again that's because I've been meeting with this patient for like three years. Yeah what I mean so if I were to like go to an like a new patient it would be helpful probably.
Becca Bressler: Yeah. Yeah. That makes sense are there so you you asked questions around like treatment plan diagnoses medication classic are there other types of things that are not necessarily specific to like prescribing but say you know psychotherapy that you would be curious about like did anything new come up last time or are there any sort of like trends that are evolving that I should be aware of or you know anything remotely like that is that kind of. Things you've ever been curious about.
Meredith Hogarty: Never really thought about asking that. Am I curious about that? S hard to answer like. Because because what my thing is is like. Yeah am I curious like if if to see if like what this little chat box could come up with in terms of like you know the clinical issues with my patient or like you know trends like you said but like I'm meeting with them for 20 or 30 minutes the focus of our appointment is really going to be about medication. I don't really need to fill my brain with all that. Yeah do you know what I mean?
Becca Bressler: Totally are there. When you do do you do psychotherapy add ons though when you're billing?
Meredith Hogarty: I do yes. You see some patients for for like an hour therapy and meds okay got it.
Becca Bressler: Even for like psychotherapy add on like what I know there's a couple different. If I understand correctly is that strictly time based psychotherapy add on okay so it's strictly time based for a situation like that though is that something where you're like following threads on what came up in previous conversations or I guess part of the reason I'm asking you this is one also working on for the patient page is trying to surface things that clinicians might want to know and remind themselves of in the session. So like something new that happened last time or here's a trend that we're noticing across three of the past four sessions and giving permissions the opportunity to be like oh great remind me in session so when they go to the recorder page they see like a list of of things that we capture that's something that would be valuable for you.
Meredith Hogarty: I think that could be helpful yeah I mean there are definitely things that I forget and I'm like oh shoot right you know and you like fake it right like oh yeah we talked about that last week right because we're human we're not AI bots so I mean yeah like I think that that would definitely be helpful but like when we're talking about like using this chat and things like that right it's like you only have so much time in between sessions like so when I'm thinking about what I would want like before the session I really just want the nuts and the bolts right. If like you said do you wanted the recording page like if they said something and I was like oh yeah like we did talk about that and I said something like tell me about what we talked about in regards to her not wanting to start psychotherapy like if she brought that up again and then like I used it like real time I mean could it be helpful yes could it also be distracting yeah yeah and so. Youo know so now I'm like okay her barrier like mental block financial strain and she's still like so it's. Like. In real time using it paying attention also trying to get this information which like the thing is what you're like what is more important for me to currently pay attention to the client and what they're saying today or what the barriers to therapy were three weeks ago right exactly yeah. Yeah you know and and honestly like if I I like I have lines that I say like you know something along the lines of like hey yeah we talked about last time how you know you didn't start therapy can you remind me again what are the barriers for that like I would just ask
Becca Bressler: the patient yeah right you don't have to pretend like you remember everything
Meredith Hogarty: and that and that like strengthens our connection too right because they're like oh right she's human like you know like so but with that said like the difference between the chat versus like having that up on the patient page like yeah having that up on the patient page like hey you said you were going to talk like you said you were going to talk about this next time or like hey we're noticing this trend I would definitely read that and that would be helpful.
Becca Bressler: Yeah yeah yeah awesome yeah it'll totally be clinician you know by clinician I imagine like who finds it too distracting who finds it helpful if you use it right before the session versus during and yeah I'm sure everyone has their lines and also the like importance of remembering and recall
Meredith Hogarty: certain things right yeah sorry I'm just going to say like with that said like this is pretty cool you know like just looking at it and you know like oh right she did say prior therapist turnover and like oh yeah she did say that about we're telling her story and then I said all this. Like it is useful information it's not that it's not.
Becca Bressler: Totally. Meredith this was super helpful would you be interested in me keeping this on your profile like do you want to keep
Meredith Hogarty: playing around I think that would be helpful for me to provide more feedback like let me see how I can use it and like maybe. And again it's just like putting anything else into your workflow right like right now it's like oh it seems like an extra thing but maybe it's really not that big of a deal.
Becca Bressler: Yeah, well, and only if it's valuable, right?
Becca Bressler: Like we don't ask you to do things that are not ultimately helping you. But yeah, if you want to keep playing around with it and then if you have what what's like a better system for you just email me with your feedback. Should we set up another call so we can like discuss face to face. I want to be like super respectful of your time, but sometimes asking you to send me emails is not that either so yeah I prefer meeting
Meredith Hogarty: just like reading and talking about it.
Becca Bressler: What's a good time for you to give you time to try this out? Like Thursday or early next week like what's a better sort of time frame look at my schedule Friday towards the end of the week.
Meredith Hogarty: Is pretty busy. What days do you have next week?
Becca Bressler: Next week I am out on Monday, but otherwise have an open schedule Tuesday.
Meredith Hogarty: I could do 9:30 on Tuesday the sorry Tuesday the 14th.
Becca Bressler: Yeah Tuesday the 14th let's do that I'll add an event right now for 9:30 to 10.
Meredith Hogarty: Perfect when you guys think you'll have the telehealth up and running.
Becca Bressler: So we I'm hoping within the week so we're still just you know we wanted to put it in the hands of some people who could use it for a full week make sure it just kind of like fits a workflow. It is a different type of you know the feedback is different than like oh I used it three times and it worked fine you know it's like just how does it feel but we're feeling really good about it so
Meredith Hogarty: yeah is it a telehealth platform that you guys built or
Becca Bressler: partnering with an integration but it's in Jot psych so you don't have to open a separate app you like get you know the picture in picture screen is like directly inside Jot Psych so yeah excited for you excited to get you on board you know I can't wait awesome thank you so much Meredith and I will chat with you next week all right.