Jennifer Scott: Okay? Got it. Emily is recording this, okay? All right. So I see my ugly mug and I see purple. E for you.
Emily Kaiser: Hi. Can you see me and hear me okay?
Jennifer Scott: I can certainly hear you. Yeah.
Emily Kaiser: Okay. Hi. Perfect. So let me just confirm really quick. Are you on your phone or. I'm on your computer.
Jennifer Scott: I'm on my computer.
Emily Kaiser: Amazing. Ok, cool. Great. Well, thank you for your patience. I know that's kind of the hardest part. If you could go ahead and log into Jot Psych on your end, and then I'm going to show you how to share your screen.
Jennifer Scott: Okay? So it expired. Please log in to continue. Okay?
Emily Kaiser: So, Jennifer, while you're navigating that and doing that, tell me a little bit about your line of work. What are you a therapist? Are you a prescriber?
Jennifer Scott: Md psychiatrist. Than I do. Some therapy. Also.
Emily Kaiser: Very nice. How long have you been in this line of work?
Jennifer Scott: 25 years.
Emily Kaiser: Okay, so you have been around the block. You know the drill.
Jennifer Scott: Well. I'm tired. Okay? All right. So now I'm just looking for my password. Because it got changed. I don't know. I may have blown this in
Emily Kaiser: that you need to reset your password. You can go to the JAT psych sign in page and you can reset it if that's easier.
Jennifer Scott: Okay? Forgot password. Okay? Dancing coyotes. Sort of gave up on it. Got too frustrated.
Emily Kaiser: I get it. Sometimes it's just easier to reset it.
Jennifer Scott: Ok, resend email. Okay, back to email. Okay? Sometimes it takes amazingly long time. Like a couple. Of minutes.
Emily Kaiser: No worries. So, Jennifer, are you a private practice? Are you a sole provider, or do you work with within a clinic?
Jennifer Scott: Yes. I'm a sole provider.
Emily Kaiser: Nice.
Jennifer Scott: 13% of us that do that.
Emily Kaiser: Yeah. Yeah. How long have you been operating on your own?
Jennifer Scott: Since 2005.
Emily Kaiser: Nice. So you're nice and established, which is great.
Jennifer Scott: Okay, new password. All right, let's see. Let's see. Okay? Ed.
Emily Kaiser: It.
Jennifer Scott: Reset. Okay. Okay. Update password. All right, so there's now happiness in Whoville. Okay. Allow this time. Okay, so there we go.
Emily Kaiser: Okay, so now that you're logged in, I would like you to go back to our screen where you see our faces.
Jennifer Scott: Ok, you're on screen. In the smaller window.
Emily Kaiser: Okay, so make that a little bit bigger.
Jennifer Scott: Okay?
Emily Kaiser: Now you're going to see next to your microphone, you're going to see a camera. Next to your camera icon, you're going to share screen, okay? Go ahead and click that, and then you're going to select Jot Psych.
Jennifer Scott: All right. Select Tab to share.
Emily Kaiser: Yes. So you're going to select Jot, Psych or smartscribe, it might say.
Jennifer Scott: Okay. Okay? Sure. Perfect. All right.
Emily Kaiser: Okay. So I see the screen that says, check your email. If you go back to that share screen button, you might have two tabs open. It's going to be very similar. It's probably going to say smartscribe as well, but we want to click the alternate.
Jennifer Scott: Okay? Let's see. Stop sharing. Okay? Check your email. All right? Get rid of that sucker. All right. Okay?
Emily Kaiser: So now if you go back to the share screen page, Okay? Now you're going to want to select that alternate option that says smartscribe. I lost you.
Jennifer Scott: Okay, I'll mess it around.
Emily Kaiser: Because. No problem. So go back to me. The only okay.
Jennifer Scott: All right.
Emily Kaiser: Okay, so troubleshooting question. Is your job psych in a separate browser? Like, did you open it in a completely different window?
Jennifer Scott: It's in google chrome.
Emily Kaiser: And what are we meeting in.
Jennifer Scott: We're reading in Google Chrome.
Emily Kaiser: Okay?
Jennifer Scott: All right. So this is probably why. In a way, I've had trouble here because I got some sort of problem.
Emily Kaiser: No worries.
Jennifer Scott: Part of it.
Emily Kaiser: Okay, back to the share screen button and tell me what you see when you click that button. What are the options to share?
Jennifer Scott: Okay, says chrome tab window entire screen. And then it says also share tab audio,
Emily Kaiser: and click entire screen, if that's okay for you.
Jennifer Scott: All right. So there we go. All right.
Jennifer Scott: Choose what to share. Okay. Entire screen. Okay. All right. And then it says share and then says cancel.
Emily Kaiser: Go ahead and share. Click entire screen and then share.
Jennifer Scott: So share is grayed out.
Emily Kaiser: And there's no smartscribe option or jot site option.
Jennifer Scott: No. We've closed all the other tabs here. Make sure it's true. I don't have any other tabs open except. What is this? All right. I think if this tab is using your camera and microphone, all right.
Emily Kaiser: On that tab where it says this tab is using your camera. Go to that tab, click and be inside of that. So then open up another window in that tab. Does that make sense?
Jennifer Scott: Yeah. Yeah. Okay, new window.
Emily Kaiser: Okay, now sign in to drop Psych.
Jennifer Scott: All right.
Emily Kaiser: Thank you for your patience. I know this is the.
Jennifer Scott: Oh, no. I mean, you know, leave sight. All right, so now we're going again. Here. Fern flat. Okay. We'll see if it remembered. And it didn't, okay? All right. So that's interesting, isn't it, that it didn't remember the password?
Emily Kaiser: Yeah, I mean, we like to keep things pretty secure, so I'm not shocked that it had you sign out.
Jennifer Scott: Okay, so here we are, reviewing side notes.
Emily Kaiser: Okay? So now if you could, for me, if you could go back to that share screen one more time.
Jennifer Scott: Okay, so. All right, so. So now I'm in. Welcome, Jennifer. But you want me back up here,
Emily Kaiser: so don't back up, but go in that. That different tab at the top. So now at the top, you should see a tab for jot site and a tab for our meeting.
Jennifer Scott: Okay, I get it. Okay, so now I see you.
Emily Kaiser: And then here is this other window here.
Jennifer Scott: All right?
Emily Kaiser: So in our meeting, go to Share Screen.
Jennifer Scott: Perfect.
Emily Kaiser: And then now I'm wondering if you see the jot hike available to share.
Jennifer Scott: Yes.
Emily Kaiser: Okay, let's go ahead and. Amazing.
Jennifer Scott: Okay, cool.
Emily Kaiser: Thank you for your patience. I appreciate it.
Jennifer Scott: That's fine.
Emily Kaiser: So let me go ahead and make your screen bigger. So now you should be able to operate just on the screen you're sharing rather than operating. In our meeting, if that makes sense.
Emily Kaiser: Ok, so, viewers, go back to jot psych on your end. I can now see your screen.
Emily Kaiser: So what we will do today is I know that you've been using jot psych for a little bit. So, typically, I like to do a demo, show you how to record your first encounter. But I know you've already done that, so why don't we. If you could share a little bit. For me as far as, like, what frustrations you are experiencing with the site. And maybe I can help kind of navigate how to navigate your workflow or your workday better, if that makes sense.
Jennifer Scott: Okay, so. All right. So let me see. Okay, so find some notes here.
Emily Kaiser: So if you go to that hamburger button. Oh, perfect.
Jennifer Scott: Ok? Ay, so. All right. All right, well, this one. This one is looking pretty good here.
Emily Kaiser: All right.
Jennifer Scott: Okay. So. So where are you guys? Sort of. Fall down is where, you know, most of these programs fall down, which is on in the plan. And I also notice that you guys sort of, like, you know, in common with the other programs like you. You have some sort of, like, time limit, and then after that, It quits summarizing. Like, say I have 90 minutes or something with someone because they're having a freak out or whatever, then it will. It. It just sort of. Okay. Stops recording. Right.
Emily Kaiser: Interesting. Okay. And do you notice how long after, how much time does it stop recording? Does it give you an hour? Does it give you.
Jennifer Scott: Yeah, I'd say it's over an hour.
Emily Kaiser: I'd say.
Jennifer Scott: I don't know, I'm guessing 90 minutes.
Emily Kaiser: Okay. But that's good to know. That's good feedback. Thank you for telling me that. I'm going to make a couple notes on my end here, just for our engineering team.
Jennifer Scott: Okay, let's see. All right, progress note. Okay, so, for instance, let me. I don't know. So psychiatrists don't have clients because we're not in a business relationship with people. We're in a medical relationship with people. So that means we have patience. So one little role would be. I never want to see the word client unless the person says, You know, I got robbed by my client at gunpoint.
Emily Kaiser: So let me show you how to fix that. Let's go ahead to your initials in the top right corner.
Emily Kaiser: All right, now, you're in your settings, so if you go to languages, Okay, if you scroll down. Terminology.
Jennifer Scott: Perfect.
Emily Kaiser: Perfect. So we have patient. So now it should be addressing all of your patients as patient.
Jennifer Scott: Okay? Perfect. Update preference.
Emily Kaiser: Perfect.
Jennifer Scott: Okay, so that's a common choice, or what other choices? Are there other languages where it would.
Emily Kaiser: So the only question we have are, like, if you drop down where it says English, Okay.
Jennifer Scott: English, English, English.
Emily Kaiser: Right there under languages. Transcription languages.
Jennifer Scott: Oh, gotcha.
Emily Kaiser: Okay, Right, so then you can choose if you have other. If you have clients that are speaking other languages. In English.
Jennifer Scott: Perfect. Alas, I only speak English myself.
Emily Kaiser: Yeah, me too. But if. If. So if you maybe have somebody that has a heavy accent, if you. Adjust these settings and if we transcript better.
Jennifer Scott: Okay? Very cool.
Emily Kaiser: All right, now, we are good on that. So if you go back to your notes, I would love if you could keep sharing some, you know, small that you're noticing day to day that I could probably help with.
Jennifer Scott: Okay. Okay, so let's see. Notes. All right. Oh, okay. So I guess I've only done one in this program, right?
Emily Kaiser: Oh, only one note.
Jennifer Scott: Right. Because, you know, we changed and I got stuck because I couldn't figure out how to do it. Okay?
Emily Kaiser: So if you don't have anything specific, it might be useful because you've only done one. If I can show you. Maybe if we could do, like, a minute of dialogue, going back and forth as though I'm the patient and I could show you the note that it. It produces, and I can. That would be helpful.
Jennifer Scott: So, you know, I've done a lot of trying to make templates and whatnot. Let's see if that's transferred when we had a new.
Emily Kaiser: Yeah, absolutely.
Jennifer Scott: Let's see.
Emily Kaiser: Right where you just were. It's the little three lines at the top.
Jennifer Scott: Okay. Four lines, okay. All right.
Emily Kaiser: Actually, if you go back to that, you're going to click note Templates.
Jennifer Scott: No templates. Okay, perfect.
Emily Kaiser: So your templates at the very top there. If you scroll down right there. Those are the templates that you have. Loaded to where? Like when you start recording, these are the ones that are going to pre populate.
Jennifer Scott: Okay? All right. So, you know. Let me see.
Emily Kaiser: Does that look like what you typically use? That list right there.
Jennifer Scott: No. Like, you know, like, I do my own billing codes, so this. This thing here is not. I mean, I like, I like summary. I like, I like the chief complaint. Hpi, very simple medications is something that is really useful in terms of, like, the way I'd like it to be is it's, it's always a problem when you're, like, dictating or whether you're using. The large language model about like, okay, the person is on, you know, these three medicines, and they also have rheumatoid arthritis or something. And they're on this other real deadly medicine from this other doctor. So I was want that in front of my face. So I say, you know, so under for meds. I would have, you know, psychiatric medications, and then I would say other providers. So then say, you know, we change out their list. So I bring up the old note. And I copy it. I mean, what I'd really like is that. Okay, so what? So what? The way I've thought to do it is, you know, say as versus that. Okay? They're on Lithium and they're on Sertraline and they're on Abilify. All right, so then we change their abilified. Dose.
Emily Kaiser: All right, so then.
Jennifer Scott: So then. Then I have sections like medication changes today. All right. And so then. So then it lists what the new. Med list is sort of at the end of the appointment. What it is.
Emily Kaiser: Absolutely. Yeah, definitely.
Jennifer Scott: And then it would. And then. So the next thing would be. If. If it would upload that. To, you know, to a section where it would be. So it's, it's a running update from the last time.
Emily Kaiser: Exactly. Okay. So I think thank you for sharing that kind of feedback, because now it helps me kind of navigate how I can exactly tailor this demo to be helpful. So let's go ahead. I hear you there. What I would like to do is record a demo. Like, record. Add a new patient, name it demo and record a fake meeting with you and I. I'd like to talk about medication and just other things that you would typically talk about. Let's keep it like two minutes. We can do it very quickly. Stop the recording. We'll see what it produces, and then I can show you how to work with the patient portal to save all of that information going forward. So every time you speak to the client, basically, it's building a patient profile in the background. So you have that list of medications, you have all of that. History. So let's start there. If that works for you, that's really great. Awesome. So let's go back to that hamburger button in the top left corner.
Jennifer Scott: All right. Okay? Now record exactly.
Emily Kaiser: Okay, what I'll add where it says that plus button or new patient. Or you know what we use? No, let's go ahead and do this. Let's. Let's tailor it to how you typically speak to patients. So go ahead and do plus and then. Or add new patient and then first name, we'll say demo.
Jennifer Scott: Okay?
Emily Kaiser: And then no other information is needed here. As you see, you'll be able to enter identifying information, but we don't need it for the sake. So then go ahead and let's select your template where it says jot like starter template. Under session type, go ahead and click that.
Emily Kaiser: And then scroll. Yeah, Perfect. So what is typical for your line of work? What kind of template are you using out of these options?
Jennifer Scott: I guess that one, maybe.
Emily Kaiser: Okay, so let's go ahead and start recording. If you scroll up a little bit, Okay? I scroll up just a little. A recording is managed in and browsing. Let's go to options.
Emily Kaiser: Options where it says. Over to your right a little bit if you type up. This recording is being managed in another browser tab. Do you see where it says that?
Jennifer Scott: Under your initial during this. Stop sharing. Okay. It says. Okay, so you got the sort of, you know, gray blue bar with the dot psych logo. And then it has. It has my initials there.
Emily Kaiser: D.A.
Jennifer Scott: for some reason. Whatever. Okay.
Jennifer Scott: And then there's nothing else, and it says it's being managed by other options. You can take over the recording in this tab, but this. May cause conflicts. Okay, recorded this tab.
Emily Kaiser: Okay, so now we're recording. So I think. Let me see. Is it. Is it counting on your end? Do you see where it says 00?
Jennifer Scott: Well choose what to share with Smart Psych Health.
Emily Kaiser: Let's go back to your dot site screen. That's the only screen you should be on.
Jennifer Scott: Okay, got it.
Emily Kaiser: Go ahead and click resume.
Jennifer Scott: Resume, okay?
Emily Kaiser: Okay, so now we're reporting. So, Jennifer, thank you for seeing me today.
Jennifer Scott: It's good to see you too. So I was wondering how bumping the lithium went a few last week.
Emily Kaiser: I think it went okay. In comparison to the last medication we tried. I noticed some positive changes, but I wouldn't say like super significant changes. Okay.
Jennifer Scott: Did you end up going the whole 300 or did you do 150 milligrams first and then go to the whole 300, or how did that end up going?
Emily Kaiser: I did 150 milligrams first, and then I upped to 300. Yes.
Jennifer Scott: Okay. And then you have a Yandy Diarrhea. Having any sort of nausea, gut distress?
Emily Kaiser: Some, I would say.
Jennifer Scott: Okay. Okay. Anything more to do with the lithium that you want to talk about right this minute while I'm sort of going through your beds?
Emily Kaiser: I don't think so. I guess I'm wondering if you think another medication may be applicable. With my history.
Jennifer Scott: Okay. So given what we've talked about in the past with the trials in the past, it might be good to do some lamotrigine because that's often used as an add on and it's FDA approved for depression as well as for bipolar 2. So fit your needs, I think.
Emily Kaiser: Yeah, I think so, too. If we could. If you're comfortable with that, we could try that and maybe see if any of the stomach issues subside and see if it provides me with significant change and kind of compare and contrast the two.
Jennifer Scott: Okay, that sounds really good.
Emily Kaiser: Okay, thank you very much. So go ahead and stop recording.
Jennifer Scott: All right.
Emily Kaiser: Okay, so what you're going to see now is click, generate, generate note. So now, within 20 to 60 seconds, what it's doing is it's taking that template that you chose right before we selected Record, and it's compiling all of the information that we spoke about in our conversation and applying it to that template. So you do have the ability, I always like to tell people you have the ability to change the template after you've recorded if you find that's applicable. But let's go ahead and take a note or take a look and see what it did.
Jennifer Scott: All right. Okay? I guess it's still going around. All right.
Emily Kaiser: Yeah. Okay, perfect. So now it's going to show you all of these different notes. Sections. So it's going to kind of, if you just want to kind of look through this note and see how it compares to your typical format for note taking and see maybe what we could change, what we could improve on what you like.
Jennifer Scott: Okay, so I have this bar in front of me with yes.
Emily Kaiser: So go. We'll come back to that. That's important. But go ahead and just kind of scroll and it should disappear.
Jennifer Scott: Okay, blah, blah, blah. All. Right. Okay, You've been obviously expanding your context, because this is much better than it was.
Emily Kaiser: I'm so glad to hear that. We have updated quite a bit. I noticed your note was. Your last note was in November, I think. Sure. No, I get that.
Jennifer Scott: Okay? All right. I don't know. Good enough, you know what I mean? It's not pissing me off.
Emily Kaiser: Anyway, good psychotherapy.
Jennifer Scott: All right. Okay. I know what you guys mean. All right?
Emily Kaiser: Yeah. So if you really quick. If you scroll down to medication, I like to see what it says.
Jennifer Scott: Okay? All right, let me see. Okay. Mental status exam. I'm assuming it's above that. All right.
Emily Kaiser: I guess maybe this template doesn't have a specific thing for medication, a specific section. Do you know how to copy and paste your note? What we're seeing, the information we're seeing right now to your ehr.
Jennifer Scott: Sure.
Emily Kaiser: You have done that before.
Jennifer Scott: I do it.
Emily Kaiser: Because I can show you some tips and tricks if that has been frustrating in the past.
Jennifer Scott: Well, the truth is I just keep it in my jot site thing, so I have hundreds in there because. It's a pain in the ass.
Emily Kaiser: Yeah. So really quickly, I will show you. So if you scroll up, And you see. So next to HPI or summary right there, you can do that. But next to the word on the left hand side. Exactly. That button right there, go ahead and click that.
Jennifer Scott: You could check all the way down.
Emily Kaiser: Yes, you can check all of them. If you find all of the. Well, if you want to select just a few, adjust like that. And do you see at the top where it says copy selected? For that means that you are copying. Go ahead and exit out of that.
Emily Kaiser: Asking for feedback. You are copying all of the sections that you want to paste, wherever that may be in a word doc in your ehr. So now you have specific ones copied, but you also have the option of copying all sections you'll see at the top too. You bet. Okay, so go to where it has those three sparkles. And it says that red three.
Jennifer Scott: Okay?
Emily Kaiser: Assistant, basically. So what it's doing here? Well, I guess we can go over two things. So go back to edit. Basically, this is where if you see anything in your note that you want to change, like maybe if you want something in bullet points, if you want to change the word patient to the patient's name, go ahead and put that information in here. So. For this sake, you can give it any kind of feedback.
Jennifer Scott: Sure. Let's see. I don't know.
Emily Kaiser: Let's see. Even say, make summary more lengthy. Make something more brief. All right.
Jennifer Scott: Warfare for note. And shorter. Chief complaints.
Emily Kaiser: Perfect.
Jennifer Scott: All right.
Emily Kaiser: Go ahead and click Enter. So now what it's doing is it's thinking a little bit. It's taking that information that you just put in. And what it's asking here is if you would always like this to be applied to your note so you don't have to edit every time. You can say, no, thank you, or yes, train this.
Jennifer Scott: All right? I don't know yet.
Emily Kaiser: Thanks.
Jennifer Scott: Okay?
Emily Kaiser: And now it should be adjusting. I don't see anything loading, but I see, like, a shorter version of your screen, so I don't know if I'm just not seeing it, okay?
Jennifer Scott: Let's see.
Emily Kaiser: So yeah, let's go ahead and hi chat and see if it did it in our note here.
Jennifer Scott: Sorry.
Emily Kaiser: So I'm not sure if you remember the wordage exactly.
Jennifer Scott: Okay.
Emily Kaiser: Looks like it did it.
Jennifer Scott: It did it.
Emily Kaiser: Okay. And if you go down to your chief complaint, is that shorter? Okay, great. So that's just an example of how to edit. Now, if you could go back to those three stars, those three sparkles. The notification it's giving you right there is under audit where you were first. So this is a new feature that we have at JotSec. We recently rolled out Jot Edit, or I'm sorry, Jot Audit and Jot Credentialing. So for clinicians like yourself, who handle everything as far as your billing, your medication management, your note taking, we are trying to be more of a one stop shop. So what you are looking at here is when it says audit, go ahead and. Do you see that exit out where it says? Want to try more? Yes. Go ahead and exit that.
Jennifer Scott: Okay, hit that.
Emily Kaiser: All right. So go ahead and run audit.
Jennifer Scott: All right.
Emily Kaiser: What this is going to show you as a clinician is ways to audit your note. As far as billing code suggested. As far as anything that in your note that could be held up when you go to submit it to billing, That could cause.
Jennifer Scott: That's kind of tough. All right. Because in other words. All right, did this very depressed patient. Did they mention. Did they meet the DSM guidelines explicitly this time? I asked them for two or more weeks. In the month that I've seen you, have you made more depressed, more dangerous than not? Right? So that's totally counter to actually being a healer. Too strict about that, right?
Emily Kaiser: Absolutely. And it has some intelligence behind it to where it's not going to edit certain things of information that it's not aware of, if that makes sense. It's going to suggest certain things like billing codes and stuff that. It's still doing it. No. Automatically audited.
Jennifer Scott: Audit two. Now it says.
Emily Kaiser: Yeah, I can't see your full screen, so I don't know exactly.
Jennifer Scott: Let's see.
Emily Kaiser: Oh, here we go. Okay. So here's the audit that it's running.
Jennifer Scott: Okay?
Emily Kaiser: If you scroll down, just like you did, if you move your mouse up a little bit.
Emily Kaiser: Ok, scrolled down right there.
Jennifer Scott: Okay. Scroll. You mean change to the background one? No or more?
Emily Kaiser: When you go up just a little. Okay.
Jennifer Scott: Right there.
Emily Kaiser: This is what it's at. Its current medication list document. These are all the action needed.
Jennifer Scott: This is what I dig this. I take this because if I do this once and train it, then it'll be happy. Happy.
Emily Kaiser: Exactly. Exactly.
Emily Kaiser: So editing will train your AI audit. What we're in now will help catch things. Before you submit to billing, so that way you're not delayed on the back end waiting to get paid, waiting to submit. You know, all those things.
Jennifer Scott: Perfect.
Emily Kaiser: Okay, so that's that. So what you're seeing now is basically you have, if you scroll up a little bit where you just were. It says 1 out of 40 jot audit checks. So you're in a standard plan right now where you have 40 times that you can use this audit feature. After that, it's asking you to upgrade. So just to break that down, Now, because we're mentioning this, I could I should tell you, jot credentialing and jot bill are a part of this, part of the we're trying to do to help clinicians get paid. So jot credentialing, basically, we handle all of your credentialing needs for payers.
Emily Kaiser: I don't know if that's a point of interest for you. And then jot bill is along the same lines as in the sense that rather than doing a third party system for your bill billing, we handle all of the billing within job site, kind of doing everything in one software. Because I imagine we're hearing from a lot of customers that they're very frustrated around the fact that they need so many different softwares to do all of these things for their work. Any questions on the things that I've gone over.
Jennifer Scott: No, no. This audit thing is helpful. How much is the upgrade?
Emily Kaiser: You know, we're moving to a la carte pricing because we're adding all of these things. So I can get back to you. I can send you an email with, like, a list of all of the prices, if that would be helpful.
Jennifer Scott: Okay.
Emily Kaiser: Okay, so let's go over to. Let's go back to notes, and let's look at the patient profile for the patient that we just created.
Jennifer Scott: Okay?
Emily Kaiser: So go ahead and go to that hamburger button.
Jennifer Scott: All right.
Emily Kaiser: Actually the button in the top left corner where it says Site next to the logo.
Jennifer Scott: Yep.
Emily Kaiser: And then you're going to go to patients. And then you're going to go to demo.
Emily Kaiser: Okay, go ahead and skip the tutorial, because I will handle that.
Emily Kaiser: All right, now, here you'll see all of the patient information. So every time you record with this patient demo, it is building a patient profile in the background. It's saving all the information that you've spoken about. It knows the patient's history. It's getting smarter, basically.
Emily Kaiser: So if you scroll down, you will see all of the information and what it's doing with it. So you'll see all of your identifying information as far as email, you know, gender, demographic, last encounter.
Jennifer Scott: All right, super.
Emily Kaiser: Yeah. So here, rather than going, a lot of people will say, I have to switch to a different screen right before my patient comes in or during the appointment to see what we spoke about last. It keeps everything all in one. This is also where you can send forms to patients. You can schedule appointments, you can send lab requests, you can request payment, you can do your eprescribing, all things like that. So if you scroll down a bit? You'll see all of the patient encounters. You'll see your diagnoses.
Jennifer Scott: Oh, like by date and all like that.
Emily Kaiser: Okay. Yeah. So if you exit out of this.
Emily Kaiser: Okay, scroll down a little bit more so you'll see diagnoses, any medications. Medication timeline, all things like that and that little, little box.
Jennifer Scott: So I'm interested in this. So tell me about this meditation timeline.
Emily Kaiser: How do you. So, like I said, we only recorded one time with. It was what, two minutes with this patient, that demo. So, as you record, and if you're using our ePrescription, more information will be compiled in here. So you'll see more information, basically a history of medication. So as you have more conversations, as you speak, more in depth while you're recording about certain medications, this is where that information will be held.
Jennifer Scott: Okay? All right, so that would be very good for especially new patient.
Emily Kaiser: Exactly. Exactly. So how do you currently handle e prescription?
Jennifer Scott: So I was early adopter of my practice as an Apple product that does the billings and prescriptions and they did Dragon based, you know, back in the day in 2011. But it sucks so bad that they decided to stop, you know, supporting it. And it sucks so bad there just wasn't any point. So I have always done paper. And so I live in this chaotic sea of paper.
Jennifer Scott: Live in terror, basically, when I'm going to get audited with like three quarter written notes, you know what I mean?
Emily Kaiser: Oh, Jennifer, I think this actually could be a very good solution for you if you are feeling that way, like, you know, feeling nervous about being audited. I mean, not only all of the billing services that we offer, but eprescription, specifically. If you're doing it by hand, I'm sure that.
Jennifer Scott: No, no, I meant notes. I do notes by hand. No, so. Right. No. So I'm amazed if you can. I don't know. I mean, that, that. That's quite a deal. Yeah. All up with the insurance companies and, like, knowing, you know, the formularies and all that stuff.
Emily Kaiser: Our goal here at Drop Psych is to make everything more accessible, easier. We are trying to provide a solution that actually saves you time at the end of the day, and we have heard so. Much feedback from all of our valued customers that this is what will be helpful. You know, whether. Whether it is the billing, whether it's the E prescription, which is why we're moving to a la carte pricing. So basically, you now pay for the AI scribe and to add on these features, it'll basically be small additional costs. It would be. I would be interested to see the comparison of the cost of what you are currently paying for all of the systems that you're using, E prescription billing, all the payer stuff. In comparison to jots like being on all.
Jennifer Scott: I'd be interested also.
Emily Kaiser: Yeah. Yeah. So what I can show you for e prescription if you do want to try it. If you go back to that, go back to your settings where it says da.
Jennifer Scott: Okay?
Emily Kaiser: Okay, so if you scroll up a little bit, All right, so add Jotrx to your plan. We won't activate it, but I want to show you how you can, if you're interested in trying it for a month. Oh, you don't have permission to manage this.
Jennifer Scott: Well, that my husband is the IT guy, so.
Emily Kaiser: Okay, so let me see. I have thought this was something on our end that was causing you a halt, and I think it might be if you go back.
Jennifer Scott: One.
Emily Kaiser: Or I guess. Yeah, Perfect. So if you scroll down a little bit.
Emily Kaiser: Scroll up just a little. We're looking at that menu on the left hand side.
Jennifer Scott: Right.
Emily Kaiser: Okay, perfect. Go to integrations.
Jennifer Scott: Okay. Integrations. Okay, I'm clicking it.
Emily Kaiser: Something's supposed to happen. Okay, so let me go back to my notes here. Would you be interested in trying it for a month and seeing what you think? For the. For John RX by itself with AI scribe well, to add onrx, I should be clear, is $69 a month. So if you wanted, you could try it for the month and, you know, see how it.
Jennifer Scott: Yeah, I think I think not, because I got, I got since 2011 into this. And so, like, say, you know, say, for, like, say, pre authorizations, you know, I have to put all the, you know, what motivations is. This person tried, you know, put up the documents, you know, upload the documents. Okay? So I don't want to be doing it from two different programs. So you're not.
Jennifer Scott: I have some patience for, you know, since 2005.
Jennifer Scott: You know what I mean? So it just. It doesn't make sense, probably.
Emily Kaiser: Yeah. So I'm curious. So all of that information, is that on your ehr.
Jennifer Scott: So then. It's just listed by, you know, when I write the prescription, and then, you know, by date and drug name and, you know, say, like that. And then refills. And then. And so then I can change. I can run a report on that and then upload that to cover my meds. You know, the evil insurance company bullshit site. I don't like to give bus people's privacy. I don't like to give the boogers any notes.
Jennifer Scott: So I do everything I can to avoid that. So I just give them medication lists. I usually get away with it.
Emily Kaiser: Okay, Absolutely. So I think that it might be helpful to, if you're interested. In this. If you're interested in the pricing of it or just even seeing it more in depth, whether it's eprescription or the billing, or if maybe you're interested in seeing everything all in one, I think it'd be helpful to set up we do another. We can do another short meeting with our specialist, basically where they can show you have, like a more in depth product overview. So you can see this. Without having the commitment of paying for anything, if that would be better.
Jennifer Scott: All right. Okay.
Emily Kaiser: So let's go ahead.
Jennifer Scott: And one thing that, like, practice can't do, and partly it's because they farm out their prescription program to this other company that's called New Crop. And so because I'm, you know. Just me and, you know, part time secretary and my IT man, then sometimes somebody will age onto Medicare and I'm not a Medicare provider. And if they're a sly, dishonest person, Then I can. I can miss that fact. And then there they'll be getting prescriptions, like, until I notice. You know?
Emily Kaiser: Okay.
Jennifer Scott: What a practice can't do. That would be just so great would be Time of last appointment. Like date of last appointment, date of last prescription written. And it seems trivial, but they can't seem to get that together because I could run that once a month and go, oh, look, this person has. You know, this person is bagged out all before nearly a year, so they need to be dogged because in general, I don't have time. I put so much intense energy into my patients that, like, if you want to hang with me, you have to pull your weight and corroborate with me.
Jennifer Scott: Like, I can't be doing secretarial bullshit. If you want me to be a whole holistic psychiatrist and take charge of your sleep medicine and all the rest of it, I can't. I can't be screwing around with that trivial stuff. And if you're a creep, then you're out, you know?
Emily Kaiser: I love it. I think that's great. But again, I think that this is jots. Like, I mean, like I said, it focuses on saving you time. And you just explained you don't have a whole bunch of time because you are, I shouldn't say a one man show. It sounds like you have your IT guy, which is great, but you're. Doing a lot by yourself as far as managing your book of business. And Jotslike is trying to be that solution that allows clinicians just like yourself to actually have more time at the end of the day. So I think it would be very worth your time to even just sit in on, you know, like I was saying a meeting and. And see everything. I think exactly what you said. That it. What you're. What your practice cannot do is show the time and the date of the last appointment in the last description, the last prescription written. Right. We should be able to house that information for you in the patient profile.
Jennifer Scott: That'll be. Simple.
Emily Kaiser: Right. Exactly. So again, just kind of a one stop shop where you can manage your schedule, you can send forms, you can collect payment, we can handle the billing information, any auditing, the E prescription. So I could be definitely a really good solution for our practice. Like yours.
Emily Kaiser: Okay, I have. I'm looking at a calendar here. So we could do. Oh, I actually do have times available today if you have more time. If not, I have times available next week as well.
Jennifer Scott: Okay, let me just. Pull myself up here. All right, Blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. Okay, schedule. All right. So looks. Looks like I'm on. I have a whole at 11.
Emily Kaiser: Okay. What time? 11. So?
Jennifer Scott: So you know it's 8:57 here.
Emily Kaiser: Okay?
Jennifer Scott: Let's see.
Emily Kaiser: I'm just having trouble loading all of a sudden. Okay, so that would be 2pm our side, and I think we have that available. I just. My screen went. Blank. If you could just hold for me one sec. Technology. It's great when it works, right?
Jennifer Scott: So. Yeah. I mean. I'm pretty skeptical about. I'm pretty skeptical about the prescription thing just because it is such a pain in the ass. Having to learn the quirks of a new system or help you, you know, you guys, like, you know, little, little. Do you know XYZ for historical reasons or is this quirk of the system for some reason? This Safeway in Cornelius, Oregon, cannot do prescription, electronic prescription medications. And you have to fax it because. They've got some bug in their system, and. You know what I mean?
Jennifer Scott: So, like, it seems kind of daunting.
Emily Kaiser: Sure. Well, actually, it's. I'm glad that you mentioned that being apprehensive about that specifically, because what we're offering right now is doing your data transfer for free. So we handle all of that unnecessary stress because we know that a large part of the resistance in changing over systems is all the legwork that comes with it. So we. We do the data transfer for free, actually, on our end.
Jennifer Scott: Okay, so. All right, well, I'm willing to hear.
Emily Kaiser: Okay. So, again, I'm sorry, I'm having trouble pulling up that calendar. Let me try one more time in a different browser.
Jennifer Scott: Sure. You know, I don't know. I've got. I've got. It's a light week this week. So I got times tomorrow too. It doesn't work out, or next week, whatever. It's not.
Emily Kaiser: You know, you don't have to nail
Jennifer Scott: me down like this minute kind of thing.
Emily Kaiser: Yeah, yeah, yeah. I did see that. 2:00pm Open. I just can't get back to it for some reason. Let me exit out completely and try again. Give me one second. Okay, let's do this.
Emily Kaiser: So how many patients do typically see in a week?
Jennifer Scott: Well. I'm old now, but I used to work a lot harder. So I usually see. I take a lunch hour. Now, I never used to. So I see people. Basically, the last person. The first person is eight and the last person is four. And then. And then I take a lunch hour.
Emily Kaiser: Okay, nice.
Jennifer Scott: And I work. You know, until recently. I'm just starting this Friday to work. Fridays.
Emily Kaiser: Okay?
Jennifer Scott: Because I've gotten so fed up.
Emily Kaiser: Yeah, well, that's. That's good. You know, take the break when you can have it. So I have 1030 available and 1130, and then sometimes before and after that. I don't have exactly 11. Would that work for you? I have like 1135, 1130, 1140. Or I also have 1020, 1025, 1030, your time.
Jennifer Scott: Okay? So, you know, 11:30 to Newton.
Emily Kaiser: Today. Let's go ahead and do that. Let me just confirm your information that I want to make sure that you get the. The link on your end.
Jennifer Scott: So what? You know, I can't remember back to the beginning, like, what we did.
Jennifer Scott: You sent it to my email. Can you do that again?
Emily Kaiser: Because. Yes, I can do that. While I'm working on that. Jennifer, I know we went over a lot of information today. Do you have any questions about anything that we went over or anything that I can provide more clarity on?
Jennifer Scott: So I think I just. I need to fool around. And then see. See what I can figure out.
Emily Kaiser: Perfect. Okay. And as you kind of navigate it, Sorry. I'm changing screens here. As you navigate that. The number that we that I sent you the text message on. You can always call me or text me on that. If you have questions.
Jennifer Scott: I'm happy. In the Albany, Ohio. One number?
Emily Kaiser: Yeah.
Jennifer Scott: Okay.
Emily Kaiser: What is your phone number? I'm just adding it to this link.
Jennifer Scott: Okay. 503. 899308 so, yeah, myself. Okay.
Emily Kaiser: So now if you could go over to your email dancing coyotes@fernflat.com.
Jennifer Scott: All right.
Emily Kaiser: You should see a meeting today. A link today. It'll say jotrx eprescribing with jot psych on my email. Correct.
Jennifer Scott: Okay. Oops. See if it just takes place a minute or two or whatever. Okay. There we go. Lee Harold's invitation.
Emily Kaiser: So do you see anything that says accept or add to calendar?
Jennifer Scott: Okay? Okay? Yes. No. Maybe yes. Okay.
Emily Kaiser: And then now you should see that link to that. To that email.
Jennifer Scott: You could join this meeting, blah, blah, from here, okay?
Jennifer Scott: Okay, so I'll just keep this up. Perfect over here until 11:30.
Emily Kaiser: All right, great. So, well, Jennifer, thank you so much for your time today. And like I said, if you have questions along the lines, please don't hesitate to reach out. I'm happy to answer questions regarding pricing or regarding the note taking, anything that we spoke about, billing, eprescription. However I can help, I'm happy to.
Jennifer Scott: Okay. Thank you very much. Thank you.
Emily Kaiser: Have a good day. Bye.
Jennifer Scott: Thank you. I appreciate it. Bye. Bye. Okay? Okay?