Adam Harrison: Jackson said he's joining a second, by the way.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay. All right. Then I'll just let you guys roll through this. But the important thing that we walk away with today is the handoff of all meetings slash relationship context to Emily, because Emily is going to be. Sort of shepherding people through the process, Adam, that you've been shepherding folks through, which is, hey, you know, they've signed the MSA. They're kind of getting documents together. They're like sort of starting to sign notes. That's good. That's shepherding and nurturing is going to be on Emily's plate.
Adam Harrison: Okay, great. Yeah. And I think as of right now, pretty much all the. Oh, here's Jackson, by the way.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, great. Hey, Jackson.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Hi.
Nathan Peereboom: Hey. Yeah. So we were. I'm on my bike. I'm. I'm just getting to the office. But I think that. Goal today is we want to run through every jot build customer we've got. And do a context handoff to Emily, who's going to be doing the shepherding going forward. Okay. And we also just want to talk about, like, how we're moving the ball forward this week.
Jackson Bierfeldt: But she.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, she's going to be really instrumental in, in just making sure that we continue to kind of move people from MSA signs to we're actually starting to see billing go through the system.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Great.
Emily Kaiser: Let's do it.
Adam Harrison: Awesome. And just, just in terms of, like, I guess Nate Jackson, Emily. Do, do you guys, do you guys see Emily's role more as, like, initial onboarding and kind of setup or also, like, post setup? You know, sort of ongoing, like, management of the, you know, account, so to speak, and, like, resolving things that come up or, Jackson, do you see that living more in, like, your world?
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah, Emily, I think we're gonna, you know, I think you should think of this kind of as, like, an account manager for, for some, some of these people, you know, just kind of like interfacing with them, making sure that they're, like, going through the process, knowing where they are in the process. You and I are going to work together to develop, you know, a little more automation. Around this in the, in the near term. To make sure that it's not this process. You know, Adam kind of, like, was the Pioneer of figuring out what all needed to be done and, like, doing everything super, super manually. And now we're kind of going to the next stage of, you know, taking that and, like, creating more systems around it and having it some of it be automated. But we still need, you know, a person at the front door that can, like, talk to someone and make them feel, you know, safe and secure and everything.
Jackson Bierfeldt: So that's, that's going to be the role we're going to have you step into here. So it'll be some, some cracking of people managing relationships, basically.
Emily Kaiser: Okay. I can do that.
Adam Harrison: Yeah. And just from a handoff standpoint, like, I am putting together. So I think this grain will have a helpful, like, summary. Right. And this call will be helpful. But I'm also putting together, like, a separate kind of, you know, care package or transition packet or whatever you want to call it. That'll have, you know, everything in it. Kind of like status for each customer.
Emily Kaiser: What is the actual onboarding process?
Adam Harrison: What are, like, the pain points that we encounter? You know, what are some of the just, like, tactical next steps for each person? So I guess, Emily, like, we'll go through this now. Today, it'll probably feel like maybe a lot to absorb at once. But I'll also have, like, a separate. You know, kind of like ongoing thing with all the documentation you'll need. And then we also probably should grab, like, some additional time, you know, tomorrow, Friday, Monday, you know, all three of those days if you want to, like, talk through any questions you have or just, like, discuss some more detail. And, yeah, Jackson, I think it might also make sense to get her introduced to Michelle. As well. So, Emily, I don't know if you can join tonight. We have a touch point with her. At five. She's sort of our. You know, kind of. Billing, you know, expert that we consult when we have questions. So if you're able to join that would be great. If not, you know, I think we should be able to work around it.
Emily Kaiser: Yeah, I can join.
Adam Harrison: Okay, perfect. Let me add you to that just before I forget.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Okay. Great. Yeah. So Michelle is going to be your, like, subject matter expert counterpart. Michelle's who will go to when we have specific questions around we actually, this isn't really a technical question. It's kind of more of like a billing world question. Are you allowed to do this? Hey, this person has this weird credentialing situation. Have you seen this before? You know, those kinds of things.
Emily Kaiser: Okay, perfect.
Adam Harrison: Yeah. And there's also just some more admins, Emily, like we have a one password account that's like shared logins for everyone. And so you can get in and kind of see their status across everything and submit claims for them. So let's just while we have, like, Nate and Jackson here, we won't go through all the, like, more tactical things. But when we connect separately, like, I'll bring you up to speed on all that, too.
Emily Kaiser: Okay, cool.
Adam Harrison: All right. So I think if it works for you guys, what I would love to do is just kind of run down the list of all the customers and just talk about, like, where they are, what the next steps are, what the blockers are. Just, like, pretty, pretty tactical for today.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah, that sounds good. And then just while you're pulling that up, Adam at a high level, the way that I see it and someone can correct me if they see it differently. But we kind of have, like, two main categories of current customers. One, I would call the, you know, independent practice person who's a pretty simple case, all things considered. You know, it's one person they're building, they're their own Biller, they're their own clinician. You're familiar with this, you know, with our, the rest of our customer base, but they have, you know, maybe three to five payers that they're working with. And in our situation, most of them are not actually set up in any other billing system. Like, this is kind of the first time that they're doing their own independent billing before they've used Headway or Alma or grow or one of those MSO platforms. So they don't really have, like, a previous book of business that they're kind of bringing into our software. They're sort of building it anew and that has a lot of benefits to us in terms of, like, hey, they've been really good early on because they didn't have any, like, migration problem. They're just kind of rebuilding it. Or, sorry, they're building it for the first time. So those are the ones that we have, like, mostly up and running now. And then we have another category. Who are the, like, multi clinician practices? We have two of those that were, like, starting to work with on this, and they're a little more challenging because they just need more and they have more complexity, and they have a system already running and they're trying to move that system over into our system. So those are the two main categories that you'll see on this list.
Emily Kaiser: Okay, perfect. Good to know.
Adam Harrison: Yep. And so I posted this morning just kind of a status update on everyone. I think we should can just walk through that to keep things pretty simple. Emily, I just tagged you in that. It's in the job build channel. So if you guys don't mind pulling that up, I think we can just kind of talk through that live. So the first one is Brittany rolden. She falls into the category Jackson mentioned of solo clinician. Kind of. First time doing it herself. Most of her patients are on, like, headway, Alma, but she has a few patients that she sees directly. She is credentialed with two payers. One is health link, one is called coal Alliance. So for health link, everything is set up for her. Basically the way it works is we get paid into a bank account that we control. So we submit a claim for her. It goes into our Mercury bank account, and then that payment goes for Mercury into her job psych account. Coal Alliance, we just set up last week. We set up. Era enrollment, which, Emily, I'll give you, like all the acronyms. I'll give you kind of like a cheat sheet on that, but basically the way to think about it is. In jot psych. We have the full sort of claim system and pipeline set up. But the actual. Checks don't yet get deposited anywhere. Right. So they're probably mailing checks to her at this point. So what I need to do today, there's like a three page form that I got, which is like, and I need to go submit it through the, through their portal to actually finish the era enrollment. So that's like a tactical thing that, you know, I will close out today and then there are two claims that are in, like, her drafts right now, Jackson. We looked at these last week on Tuesday. And there was like a date issue. I don't know if you remember, like the encounter. Oh, yeah, you're muted.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah, we can just change the date. That's, that's fixed now. The thing that caused it's fixed. But you, we just have to go in and change the date.
Adam Harrison: Okay. So I just have to edit the date to whatever the encounter date was for that note.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah, exactly.
Adam Harrison: Okay, so I'll do that, too. And then submit. Emily, this might also be a good one for you and I to just do together so you can kind of start to see how the tool works.
Adam Harrison: So grab some time later today and do that.
Emily Kaiser: Okay.
Adam Harrison: So I'm going to make a note of that. We have a weekly sync with her. On Tuesdays at 12. Hold on. Let me just jot this down. It probably would be good to transition that from my calendar to either your calendar, Jackson or your calendar, Emily. So you guys are holding the invite. Yeah, it's probably fine for, like, next week. But for now, let me just add you, Emily. To the invite for next week.
Emily Kaiser: Okay.
Adam Harrison: Jackson's already kind of like, I think Jackson to start might make sense for you to, like, join with Emily and next week and Emily can just sort of, like, take it from there.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Will do. We'll, we'll make sure you get transitioned in and we're not going to just drop yet.
Adam Harrison: Okay, great. Yeah. And then right now, like, the invite is from my calendar. I would say probably just keep it for now because she sort of has it and people get confused with, like, meeting links and invites.
Adam Harrison: I mean, you guys know how it is, but, but after you meet with her next week, I'd probably just send a new, send a new invite from probably Emily, your, your account makes most sense.
Emily Kaiser: Okay, sounds good.
Adam Harrison: All right. That is Brittany. So I think that's pretty cut and dry. Any questions on that?
Emily Kaiser: So coal Alliance. What is that exactly?
Adam Harrison: So that is a payers. That is like Cigna or, you know, United.
Adam Harrison: It's just like a really weird name.
Emily Kaiser: Yeah. Okay, cool. I just haven't heard of that one yet. Neither had I, neither had I.
Adam Harrison: And, yeah, as of right now, there's no additional payers. She's looking to add. We may add some in the future, but she's, like, got a few patients. The payouts are working, you know, all sort of good there. Okay. Angela. So, Angela is kind of a similar person to Brittany. She's a solo provider. Kind of disorganized. You know, doing this sort of on the side. She works at a prison as a psychiatric NP. So she's a little hard to get time with. Because they don't let you have, like, a phone or anything, like when you're on site. So typically, I'll, like, meet with her in the evenings. I don't have, like, a standing meeting with her right now. So that's one we should probably, like. Nail down over time. So I'll kind of Loop you in on our latest email thread. Right now, it's just Jackson, but I'll Loop you in as well. Okay, let me actually do that now, and then you can kind of read the email. As. You're going here. Jackson, Emily. Okay, great. So just loops in with her. Okay. We haven't submitted any claims for her yet. She's sort of still on the setup stage. She. Her issue was she didn't have, like, a valid address on file with her payers. Because she works from home and they, like, rejected. Anyway, you don't need to. He has an address now that is, like, in the process of getting approved with Blue Cross Blue Shield.
Adam Harrison: That's really her only payer at this point. So it's already, like, loaded into account. You don't have to worry about, like, any setup there. The key thing is for her, like, once, you know, she'll need to kind of, like, nudge her, check in with her because she is not super, like, responsive or proactive. But I think the next step is probably, like, you know, early next week, check in with her, see if her address has been approved by Blue Cross Blue Shield. If so, we are, like, good to start submitting claims for her patients. And there's a list of those patients in the email thread that I included you on. Okay. And let's see. Yeah. And then. And then the second step, we'll also need to nudge her to actually, like, create the claims in Jot Psych. So that will be, like, another. It'll just take some, like, nudging for long. But, yeah, she. She for a while was sort of floundering, and I think we got her finally on the right track here. Any questions on. That one?
Emily Kaiser: No, I don't think so.
Adam Harrison: Okay, great. Tracy, I have a standing meeting with her on Tuesday, so I'm going to add you to the one next week.
Emily Kaiser: Okay.
Adam Harrison: All right. So I just did that. So same as Brittany. I would probably just, like, create a new invite afterwards. She is, like, all set up and ready to go and bill. She just has not yet. Created any claims yet for us to submit. Okay. We got to do a lot of setup for her with, like, getting her an intake form that she likes and, you know, kind of hand holding her through some other stuff. And now I think we've, like, gone through that so we can. We can, like, move on. And so it's just similar to Angela. Like, we'll just kind of need to keep nudging her and checking in.
Emily Kaiser: Okay, so when someone's in the limbo of creating the claims, what's the process there? We're just kind of checking in every now and then, making sure we can, like, seeing how we can help with that.
Adam Harrison: Yeah. Yeah, exactly. Sometimes they'll forget, like, how to create a claim. A lot of times they're just still submitting things through their old system, just out of habit. So it's just sort of more of a behavioral change than anything else.
Emily Kaiser: Okay.
Adam Harrison: We'll also get you. I'm just gonna, like, flash this so you have a sense here. I don't. Have you been in steady yet or not yet?
Emily Kaiser: No, not yet.
Adam Harrison: Okay, so this is our clearinghouse. This will be included in the, like, the one password. You'll get the log into this. But basically up here, these are each of the different providers we have. So I'll just take Brittany, for example. You know, these are her two pairs, health link, coal health, Alliance, coal health. Era, which is like the claim payment. Those are both live. So she's, like, all good to go there. So I'll give you, like, a separate tutorial of. Of study in this platform. But if I go to Tracy, who is Island mental health? We're starting her on just one payer. Which is. Oh, this is now just went live. Great. So this was provisioning as of, like. Oh, no, sorry. Trace. Tracy was always live. It's. It's Beverly who's still provisioning for Aetna. Anyway, I'll give you, like, a separate walkthrough of the study platform once you get log in here.
Adam Harrison: But this is where you see all the, like, connections to insurance. And you can see all the, like, transactions in here. But just while we have Jackson, I'll probably, like, not go into too much detail right now. All right, so Tracy, know, like, immediate actions. I'll just kind of nudge her, and then I'll introduce you, and then I'll kind of let you take it from there.
Emily Kaiser: Okay, perfect.
Adam Harrison: Okay. So Beverly again. And Tracy, she is sort of a hybrid. She's like a solo provider, but she does have, like, a one person on staff who helps with her, like, billing and intakes, whereas everyone else so far is just, like, purely solo. Okay. Beverly, also solo provider, a little bit less. Kind of tech savvy, I would say. And not as, like, business savvy either. So she will, like, see patients for with payers that she is not credentialed with at all. And then I'm like, Beverly, we can't submit this claim. Because you're not, like, in network with, you know, and she just doesn't really, you know, she just is a little bit loop, you know, kind of spacey on some of that stuff. So she's great. Like, she's. She also has. Pet ducks I learned recently, which is kind of cool. Never heard of that. But if you ask her about her ducks that she will, like, love you.
Adam Harrison: So I meet with her. I'll add you to our call on Friday. I've not really done a transition yet to Jackson, so I think this should be, like, pretty clean cut. We'll just. Like, add you here, and then you can kind of take over.
Emily Kaiser: Okay, cool.
Adam Harrison: Status for her. She has a bunch of. She's sort of, like, in the process of getting credentialed with a bunch of payers. Some of them are complete, some of them are in progress, some of them are just never going to finish realistically. And right now we've, like, kind of, as she's been creating claims. You know, sort of like, there's, like, a little more backstory with Beverly. I'll need to, like, give you more of the context. So let's just do that on a separate call. I think in terms of tactical things for this call.
Adam Harrison: Aetna enrollment is like provisioning. And then once that. Confirms and finalizes, we can, like, submit that. To the clearinghouse.
Emily Kaiser: Okay.
Adam Harrison: Okay. I'm going to skip Amanda for a second. Tamika and Adeyo, they both, you know, kind of had a bit of a false start with Jotville. They are. They kind of like we got on an onboarding call, and then we realized that they weren't actually credentialed. So kind of like when that happens, we sort of, like, pass them over to Nate for the jot cred offering. So a lot of times providers just don't really know if their credentialed or not. And if they don't know, usually they, that means they're not and where they, sometimes they think they are, but then you ask them a few questions. And then they realize that they're not credentialed.
Emily Kaiser: So I haven't come across that yet.
Adam Harrison: Yeah. So you'll, you'll kind of encounter a range of different folks. But anyway, for those who don't need to worry about now, but they may, you know, come back to you after Nate sort of finishes their onboarding.
Emily Kaiser: Okay.
Adam Harrison: Okay. Amanda, this is, she is, like, definitely a very opinionated vocal customer. So if you're ever on a call with her, she will just start talking, and it may or may not be relevant to what you're working on. It's always really insightful and useful. So we always get a ton of really valuable feedback from her. But if you are like, hey, I have three things that want to accomplish on this call. You got to be pretty, like, targeted about, like. Hey, you know, I have a hard stop at the hour, and, like, I'd love to knock out these three things. So that's just a bit of, like, side advice.
Jackson Bierfeldt: She knows that about herself. It's, it's not rude.
Jackson Bierfeldt: You just, you just, you, but you really do have to put your, you'll all still, like, interrupt her and be like, hey, Amanda, like, you know, actually, we do need to go through this.
Jackson Bierfeldt: And she's not offended. You just have to do that.
Adam Harrison: Yeah. And she loves us, and she knows that we are still kind of building the product, and she's okay with, like, the growing pains and, but she's also, like, very, has very high expectations for what she wants.
Jackson Bierfeldt: So, and she's one of those medium practices that I mentioned before. You know, she has multiple providers working under her and a billing team and all.
Emily Kaiser: Okay. Good to know.
Adam Harrison: Yeah. So she's probably another one, Emily, we should just have a longer handover discussion on just so you have all the right context. In terms of, like, tactical stuff for today. Actually, Jackson, this is one thing I'd be curious, like, your thoughts on, too. But we did get some of her claims back. I don't know if you saw the screenshots I put in the, in the message there.
Jackson Bierfeldt: It looks like they're getting.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, it looks like they're getting paid. For some, but then, like, the add-on is typically getting denied or vice versa.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah, I remember her mentioning that. She's like, yeah, I do interactive complexity, but they never pay them.
Adam Harrison: Yeah. And she also said something about, like, she doesn't add the, you know, add-on modifier. But anyway, I think I just, I think at least I probably need to look in steady because steady will have all the full transaction detail. Right, versus, like, the, the jot sig application.
Jackson Bierfeldt: I think we show all the same details that he does, but, yeah, you can look.
Adam Harrison: Okay. It's all the same. Yeah. So I guess I'm, like, reading this. I'm a little. I just need to, like, process what's happening here a little bit more. And so I think that was what I was going to spend the time with Michelle on this afternoon.
Emily Kaiser: Okay.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah. But these weren't claims we submitted, right?
Adam Harrison: These are, these are resubmitted.
Jackson Bierfeldt: That we submitted.
Adam Harrison: Yeah. These are matched to our claims.
Adam Harrison: Because there's a bunch that don't match, and these are the ones that match.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Oh, okay. Got it. So we have been submitting claims for Amanda.
Adam Harrison: We did some, our first set of claims, like a week or two ago. Yeah.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Got it. Okay. Okay. So, yeah, we'll, we'll need to figure out then why we're. Okay, I I understand that.
Adam Harrison: Yeah. There's going to be some, like, basically appeals or follow-ups we're going to need to do to, like, get these paid and I think we'll want to get this kind of dialed in and then submit the next batch after that.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yes. That sounds great.
Adam Harrison: So there is also another batch of claims that Amanda has said are. Like, kind of ready, but also kind of not ready. I don't know if you saw her email, Jackson, over the weekend. I'm sure there was a lot of, like, I did not.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Look at my email, unfortunately, so I didn't.
Adam Harrison: Okay, let me pull it up. It's called claims not ready. I'll just share my screen. Fixes. Like, she just wants to get rid of LLC. Okay, that's fine. That's a pretty easy manual change. The units. I think, again, I can just make, like, the manual change here where these codes show up. CPT codes. I don't know what she means by this.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah, I think this is something where I, I've seen the, the way we built the system is that it only points the CPT code to the first diagnosis. Yeah. That's what everyone else said.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Is how it works. She wants to include all of them. So it's kind of just a preference thing. Okay. I mean, I can make it so that she can set all of them. Maybe it is true that, like her insurance, like, does require that. But, yeah, that's just a product change I need to make, but I don't think it. The units thing is actually the, the much more important thing here.
Adam Harrison: Okay. I think in my understanding, just based on Michelle is so for each on a CMS claim, right? And sorry, some of this is for, like, Emily, your, your benefit, too. There's, like, one row for each CPT code, so it might be like, you know, med management, Psychotherapy. Maybe you also got a flu shot. Right. Those would all be like line items. Okay. And then for the CPT code, each of those needs to point to all the relevant diagnosis codes of, like, basically why the service is being performed. So the CPT is like the service that you did, the diagnosis is like, you know. Depression or, like, you know, anxiety or whatever the, like, diagnosis is that justifies that CPT. And so when you submit a claim, you can have, like, five different ICD diagnosis codes. Like, on the claim. And then for each of those CPT codes, you need to pick the right diagnosis codes that apply. And really, they're only looking at, like, the first one that you pick, but you can also pick, like, three, I guess, if you want. And that's what Amanda seems to do. I think why it's relevant maybe for her is if you have something that's, like, kind of unrelated. Like, if you're getting, like, a flu shot. You shouldn't be pointing to. The same CPT code for, like, therapy because, you know, probably, like, that's a different diagnosis code. So I think that's the only time it's really relevant. Really, you only need to pick one, which is, like, the primary. Diagnosis for each Amanda, you know, her just personal preference that she wants to have, like, more than one or all that apply. Right. So. But they are for payers. They are just going to look at the first one you pick. Across the list. So we'll, we can go through that in more detail. But I think the next steps here are, like, One, I'm just going to go make these, like, manual adjustments she asked for on billing info units and CPT codes to, like, the best of my knowledge. And then combine that with, like, any learnings we get from tonight with Michelle. On, like, why our prior claims aren't getting paid out fully. And then I'll send a follow-up to Amanda of, like, hey, you know, we did a revision on your claims that were in, like, draft. We made these changes going forward. You know, we made a product change, so you can't adjust the units, you know, whatever. And then, and then we'll, we'll kind of submit from there if all looks good.
Jackson Bierfeldt: I'll make those product changes today so that she can do it the way she wants in the future.
Adam Harrison: Okay, sweet.
Jackson Bierfeldt: And you'll, what does she mean by the LLC?
Adam Harrison: You this just like Salah Health LLC.
Adam Harrison: And she just wants to say, like, sayla health.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Okay. Can you just change that?
Adam Harrison: Yeah. Yeah.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Got it. Thanks. I got to jump to another meeting. So is there anything else that we. Want to go over while I'm here?
Adam Harrison: Let me think. No, I think, I think that's it from, from my side. I think, Emily, we can, like, spend a little more time now or later today, like whenever works for you. Just doing a little bit more, getting into the weeds a little more.
Emily Kaiser: Okay, that sounds good. Yeah, I'm available whenever I have a couple meetings back to back before noon. But if you want kind of maybe do both a little bit now, a little bit later.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, sounds good.
Jackson Bierfeldt: And Emily, I'm going to try to put together a little, like, crash course document for you on just some of the high level stuff, like you just, you just need to know, like, what's the claim? What's an era?
Jackson Bierfeldt: What's a CMS 1500 form? Like, these are all terms that even just in the relationship management, like, you don't want to, like, have someone say CMS 1500 and have you just be like, yeah, you know, so I'm going to try and put something together for you that is, like, kind of specific to what you're going to need to know for us. If I don't get, I mean, I wrote it down in my to-dos, but if I don't get that to you today, can you just send me a little ping? And I will make sure it's. I'm just going to, like, generate something. I'm not going to put too much effort into it, but I know. I think the basics of what you'll need just to kind of quickly feel like you at least know what you need to learn in order to be comfortable here.
Emily Kaiser: Okay, cool. Thank you.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Okay, awesome. So thank you, Adam and Emily. I'm super looking forward to working together on this. It'll be a fun challenge.
Emily Kaiser: I think so, too. Thanks.
Jackson Bierfeldt: All right.
Adam Harrison: Thanks. Bye. All right. So I think let's do one of the, like, tactical setup things right now. Let's see here. So I'm just going to invite you to this. One password. Account because that sort of has the keys to the castle here.
Emily Kaiser: Okay. And that'll be through email.
Adam Harrison: Yeah.
Adam Harrison: Give me one second. Okay. Team member. Okay. All right. I just sent an invite. So you should get it in a second. And then let's just go. Let's just knock that out together first. And then I think you'll be able to explore some of these things a little on your own while I, like, kind of make a packet for you. That'll be like a little more digestible.
Emily Kaiser: Okay. Let's see. I was creating my account.
Adam Harrison: Yep. Take your time. Give me one second, by the way. I'm just going to grab some water. Right back. Here. So it looks like we just have to confirm you.
Emily Kaiser: Okay. I think I'm in.
Adam Harrison: Yeah. And so I just need to give you access to. Shared.
Emily Kaiser: So this is just basically a place that holds all the passwords.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, exactly. I know if you are in the, like, Vault, like the shared Vault thing.
Emily Kaiser: I see shared. I see all Vaults probably shared.
Adam Harrison: Yeah.
Emily Kaiser: Okay. Okay. I think I'm here.
Adam Harrison: Okay. Do you see, like, here, let me share my screen. Make sure you see this. Way yours looks like.
Emily Kaiser: I'll move you over here so I can see both. Yes, it is.
Adam Harrison: Okay, great. So I've been kind of, like, tagging people. I don't know why this is in here, but. Yeah. So, like, you'll see. Tags. You know, for each customer. So, like Brittany. You know, these are her. These are her accounts that we have. We have her availability login. We have a billing account. Like her job site billing account. This is an account connected to her. Like jot psych account. And then this is her EHR, which we don't really need anymore, but we used for onboarding. So I'm going to go ahead. What I will typically do is open when I want to go check in someone's account, kind of see how they're doing. All, you know, copy the username password from here. I'll open up like a incognito tab.
Emily Kaiser: Okay.
Adam Harrison: And then, and then just log in. The other thing I would spend some time looking at is this. Steady billing account. So this one.
Emily Kaiser: Okay.
Adam Harrison: So feel free to kind of, like. You know, when you have a little downtime, just, like, get logged into here, take a look around, kind of familiar yourself, familiarize yourself with it, and then we'll do a more detailed kind of walk through together.
Emily Kaiser: Okay.
Adam Harrison: But I think for now, let's just start with Brittany. Let's do the kind of follow up Jackson mentioned, and I'll just share my screen and kind of walk you through what I how it works.
Emily Kaiser: Okay, perfect.
Adam Harrison: And then. We'll go from there.
Emily Kaiser: Okay.
Adam Harrison: All right. Sign in. See? Sometimes this. A little finicky. Okay, great. Again. Yeah. I don't know. I've just been having login be a little slowly. Okay, so you're going to go to. Billing and auditing the job bill tab. And this first one here is going to be all of the, like, this is basically all the, like, notes that the person has done. Okay, so this, this, we don't really, like, pay a lot of attention to right now. When they finish a note and sign a note, there's an option to, like, create claim. And then that is what populates. This. This. This kind of Q here. Okay. These are all the claims that have been created. You can see they have kind of different statuses. So, like, this one we submitted and was paid. You know, this one we submitted and the payer, you know, is sort of still processing it.
Emily Kaiser: I see. Okay.
Adam Harrison: These are ones that. You know, we need to fix. Like right now there's this, this is the date issue I mentioned where the date is showing up as April 16th. But that's not actually, like, possible because we are not that far in April yet. So that's a bug. So what I'm going to do now is I'm going to figure out what date this encounter actually was. And then I'm going to fix the date, and then I'm going to submit this claim. And you can just kind of, like, see how that works.
Emily Kaiser: Okay.
Adam Harrison: So let's, let's start. It might. I don't actually know totally how I'm going to do this. But this is the claim, by the way. And so where's the date? Date of service should be. Yeah, I think. Data service down here. Okay, so that's where we needed to edit it.
Emily Kaiser: Somewhere see this? Like, does Britney see this, that screen, the claim screen?
Adam Harrison: It can if she wants to. But, you know, we sort of, like, handle it for her, but she does have access to, like, going should she want to, but they really, most of the providers just want to, like, do the note and then, like, kind of move on with life.
Emily Kaiser: Okay. Yeah, I'm just trying to understand what they like, the process on their end. So they record the note, and then they sign the note, overview the note, do any of the audits and then sign it and then just submit claim, and then basically we handle it.
Adam Harrison: From there. Exactly. So. Yeah, so how it would work is on your note. There'll be a button here to, like, sign. I don't have it enabled here, but, like, we click sign. It makes you sort of input. It'll ask you to input, like, the codes. You know, so it'll ask you for, like, some information. So we kind of collect some things here. This insurance will also populate with, like, whatever insurance is on file for them. And then once they hit sign, there's a second button that pops up right where this copy button is. That says create claim.
Adam Harrison: And then they click that and then that is like what triggers it to go into our queue. Okay. So kind of what I've been telling people is, like, unless you click create claim, we're not really going to be. You know, we're. We're going to assume that you don't want to bill for something click create claim because other, you know, otherwise we're going to be, like, kind of just reviewing infinite.
Adam Harrison: Stuff and trying to understand what's going on. They just have to click. That's all they need to do. And then we can, like, handle it from there.
Emily Kaiser: Okay. Inside question, because I want to came up yesterday and I was talking to Chris about it, but I want to make sure I fully understand it. So they like to enter in the insurance information. If we're doing a data transfer, that insurance information is already set. Good to go. But if it's a new patient. Or we're not doing a data transfer, how does that insurance information get there? Do we send a form to the patient or does the clinician enter that information in manually?
Adam Harrison: That could be either. So they can do, they can build their own form, they can use the intake form. Which collects, like insurance.
Emily Kaiser: Okay.
Adam Harrison: So they could send this to a patient. And I've built sometimes providers are like, well, I want a custom intake form. And so, like Tracy's one, I, like, built a form for her. That she uses. And then. Yeah, this is the form. Okay. That's an example form. Perfect. And then this is one of the ones where insurance is on file. Key things you need for a claim. You need to have, obviously, first name, last name. You need to have date of birth. You need to have address. For the patient. And you need to have their insurance. Info.
Emily Kaiser: Okay.
Adam Harrison: And then everything else sort of optional.
Emily Kaiser: Okay.
Adam Harrison: You won't be able to, like, submit a claim without. Without having that. So whether it's the provider entering it manually, the form, the data transfer, like, that's kind of what we need.
Emily Kaiser: Okay, perfect. Good to know.
Adam Harrison: All right, so let's, let's figure out what's going on here. So I'm just going to filter on Caitlin Craig and see.
Emily Kaiser: Okay. Just so you know, I have 10 minutes and then I have to join a meeting with Nate.
Adam Harrison: Okay, cool. Yeah, that's fine. This should be hopefully, hopefully quick. So I think these are both in draft. Although this one looks like the note is not signed, which is odd.
Emily Kaiser: Wait, really quick. I don't mean to derail you, but I think I derailed you last time and I didn't see you actually fix the date. Did. Did you do that?
Adam Harrison: I haven't done it yet. Right now. I'm just trying to figure out what the date is.
Emily Kaiser: Okay.
Adam Harrison: Yeah. So let's see here. So March 17th and March 23rd. I think those are the dates. March 17th is the one that's 300. March 23rd is 200. So let's try to remember that. March 23rd, March 17th. So 200 was what? 23rd. So this is actually March 23rd. So I'm going to change it. March 23rd. March 23rd. Okay. Check. Make sure that all checks out. Make sure all this info. So this button here basically does like a check. And if there's any issues, it'll, like, have a little alert. Okay. Like you're all. If I get rid of this. It's going to tell me. Oh, you need the 95 here in this box. Okay. Love that. You do have. You're not just filling this out totally blind.
Emily Kaiser: That makes me feel better.
Adam Harrison: Yeah. So I'm going to submit for her now that we're good. And that's it. Now we've submitted. So this one, April 16, let's find the encounter again for her. Caitlin. That was March 23rd. We submitted. And then this one is 17. March 17. Okay.
Emily Kaiser: So why are those two?
Emily Kaiser: Because, yeah, two dates of service.
Adam Harrison: So good, great question. So these are. So this is one claim. So this is one like encounter. This is one note. The reason there's two lines here are there's two services that were performed essentially. On one 99214. That basically means like med management. So. Like, you know, anything related to like medication for. Psychiatry. Right. Other variations of this 99213 99215. Basically anything that's like 992, you should think med management. Okay. And then this here, she also did like psychotherapy. It's called the Psychotherapy add-on. So she, when she met with this patient. She did like, yes, they talked about medication. Maybe they adjusted the patient's medication. Maybe they changed it. Maybe they changed the dosage. But she also did more of like what a therapist would do of like providing talk therapy. Okay. Yeah. So that's why there's two rows here. The charges, this is just like what you're billing for that encounter. These modifiers. So 25, you need to put that on this code anytime you have a therapy add on. And then the 95. This just means that it was telehealth.
Emily Kaiser: So.
Adam Harrison: 25 is like an add-on code.
Adam Harrison: So that means it's just more than one tells you that there's one more row here you need to read.
Emily Kaiser: Okay.
Adam Harrison: And then these are the diagnosis codes. So these are like. You know, this would correspond to like depression or anxiety or, you know, whatever. Okay. And then these, this is like selecting which. Which of those you want for each of those codes. So if you had something like. You know, flu shot, you know, that would be a different diagnosis code. And maybe I would put that here and then I would select like C if I was adding a third row here.
Emily Kaiser: Okay.
Adam Harrison: Yeah. So this looks good. It looks like we got everything fixed. So I'm going to go ahead. And submit this one. And then I know we have a couple minutes and I'll let you grab a breather before you talk to Nate. But the last tab here is payments. So this is where we can actually see like what has been processed. So this is like the payer response. Okay. So for Jesse, we build 300. We always bill more than what they're actually going to pay. The plan paid 91 and the patient responsibility is $30. Click and kind of see what happened. This one. Did not pay anything. And we did an eligibility check on her eligibility as a whole separate topic we'll discuss, but it's super important. For getting paid for her. This is like a crazy situation where we did eligibility check. We couldn't see what her benefits were, but she did have active coverage. And then I had Asia on our team call. Sometimes I'll ask Assia to call and do, like, manual checks. And they said they're not able to provide over the phone, so we have to do a fax if we want to understand what her benefits structure is. So you'll find, like, weird stuff like this sometimes. In this case, I'm like, I feel kind of bad asking Assia to, like, fax, you know, something.
Adam Harrison: So I just told the provider, hey, look, like these, this patient isn't getting paid for your claims. We're not able to verify eligibility. Like, you know, your options are you can, like, fax this number and, like, get the info. You can talk to the patient or you can do, like, cash pay. You know? Part of our role is also.
Emily Kaiser: Yeah. Sorry. Not to interrupt you, but when you say eligibility check, you are doing an eligibility check on the patient, not the provider. Correct. Okay.
Adam Harrison: Correct. Exactly. Exactly. So we'll talk about that later. That to the kind of main thing you'll want to look at there and maybe worth if you have a little downtime before we chat next. Would look at the Nirvana account that we had. Actually, I'll, I'll add you to our Nirvana channel. Too, so you can. Kind of do some checks yourself there as well. Okay. Let's see here. Yeah, but I'll, I'll get you, like, looped in with Nirvana, but maybe it's in here. I know. I think this is my account. So we'll, we'll just get you an account, and then you'll be able to, like, do checks there as well.
Emily Kaiser: Okay, cool.
Adam Harrison: So. When, I guess, what's your day look like? Do you want to talk more later today? Do you want to kind of, like, talk tomorrow?
Adam Harrison: Do you want to what, what's best for you?
Emily Kaiser: Today or tomorrow are best for me during this week? I have a pretty good gap between 230 and 4 30 today. If that works for you. Or I have the morning. It's pretty open tomorrow.
Adam Harrison: 2 30 to 4 30. Let me double check. Yeah, I'll send you. I'll send you over something for. This afternoon. Let's see. Yeah, I will. Maybe let's do 230 to three. Okay. If that works, because then I have, like, a few calls after that. Then we're talking to Michelle. So let's. Let's plan on that. I'll see if I can, like, pull together some information for you before. So it's not just like drinking from the fire hose.
Emily Kaiser: No problem. This is super helpful. I appreciate your help.
Adam Harrison: Yeah. No worries. It's a lot. So we'll, I'll get you up and rolling.
Emily Kaiser: So you won't have.
Adam Harrison: To worry.
Emily Kaiser: Perfect.
Adam Harrison: All right, talk soon.
Emily Kaiser: Okay. Thank you.
Adam Harrison: Bye.