Christopher Hume: Hi, doctor. Dr. Earl. How are you?
anakip: We are doing good. I think Emily is joining.
Christopher Hume: Yep, Emily is joining. And I think my. Our CEO Nate would jump on as well. He's just wrapping up another call. Yep.
anakip: Okay. I spoke with Nate at some point, so. So what I will do, I will hit record if it's okay.
Christopher Hume: Wonderful. Of course. Yeah.
anakip: Okay. So. Okay. Emily's joining.
Christopher Hume: Doctor Nakith, how was your. Your trip over the holidays was excellent.
anakip: I like going to Dubai around the winter because it's warm there. So I spent.
Christopher Hume: That's wonderful.
anakip: Dr.
Christopher Hume: Earl, great to meet you.
anakip: He's my partner in crime. He's a psychiatrist and also in sleep. Additionally, he does informatics. So wonderful.
anakip: And I invited Dr. Quinn. He's the director of clinical services. He didn't accept. We spoke briefly. He said if he has time he can join. So he might not join. And Dr. Rose, who's a resident, but also she's. She's in the steering committee right now and she also told me. Yeah, Emily. Okay. So are we waiting for Nate before we start?
Christopher Hume: We can get started and when Nate joins, we can just fill him up, get him up to speed. Certainly want to be respectful of everyone's time.
anakip: Okay, so the reason, the. The purpose of this meeting, I. We. I'm part of the pilot called Dax the Dragon copilot. We will be using a different software, hospital wide. Okay. Which is not finalized. This why I cannot share the name with you. However, I had a conversation with the informatics team saying if psychiatry department decides to have their own, you know, dictation software. And they were like, you know what? If we can justify the price and return of investment, we might be able to get it approved. But you know, it multiple hoops to jump. I was like, you know what? We need to start somewhere. Because I remember almost a year and a half I had a conversation with Nate and if I started that time, we would have been in a better place now. But okay.
anakip: And Emily been awesome. Very helpful as we were navigating the ins and outs. And you as well, Chris. So. Okay, so I think this is Nate. Hi, nate.
Nathan Peereboom: I'm so sorry for running late here. No worries. Yeah, because I'm with another customer. I know I'm jumping in in the middle. Chris, I assume that you're kind of running show. Let me know how I can be helpful. Sure.
anakip: So we were just talking. Actually, you didn't miss much. I was just trying to tell him what's the direction we're trying to take. So in psychiatry department we have roughly around actually that they texted me back just to get the number more accurate. Okay. So it seems we have around 90 faculty between psychologists and psychiatrists, I would say I wouldn't look into this number too much because I think not all of them will use. So maybe you are talking about 55, 60. Okay. Then we have a similar number of residents. Okay. So let's say maybe like a hundred users we're talking about. And this will be on psychiatry department because the hospital will be adopting a different software for dictation. And I am trying to justify why psychiatry needs to use this software and not hospital approved software. Yeah. So first, what's the value? You know, being specific to psychiatry can pull CPT codes. And I see the NF codes right now it comes to return of investment and what's the cost per licensure and this all becomes like something we can discuss and maybe we can have something in writing so I can run it through multiple committees. We have. And we had a phone call or. Correct. Yeah, I do remember. Yeah, because you were saying.
Nathan Peereboom: I remember too. It's been a long time though.
anakip: Yeah, I know. Like almost a year and a half. And you were saying if you want to be like on the board or something. I remember we had this conversation and.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, we still love you on the board.
anakip: Okay. So anyway, Dr. Earl is a psychiatrist and subspecializes in sleep. So he does outpatient. Inpatient. Outpatient sleep, inpatient psychiatry. We used to run the same unit. And he's in the informatics and. And sleep, as I said. And maybe I'm not sure if you know my. Basically my role. I'm a psychiatrist. Also I'm the director of the informatics for the behavioral health services. Also I'm the associate dean for the school of medicine. So I have few hats. Yeah. You know, so right now I'm speaking as an informatics person and as a psychiatrist. Okay, so tell me like this is the. Now I want to hear from you. Okay, Just.
Nathan Peereboom: Just so I understand. I don't want to, you know, repeat things that are redundant for y'. All. Dr. Nikib, are you. Are you using job site right now? Like how up on where our software is gone, are you?
anakip: So long story short, I did two trials and I did like a month of $20 promotion and I did another month of 150 that I paid. But if you look, I didn't see even maybe four or five patients. I am more like admin heavy. Okay, so I'm not the. I mean, I test softwares all the time. I get people like contact me. But with that one specifically, I had to. I needed to customize. I don't have time to customize and so on. So I know how it works. I played with it. I would say it's nice, but it's not optimal for us because we use different things. And this will be something we need to discuss. Maybe the department will be interested in very specific templates tailored to our needs and the way we document. Are you guys familiar with ccbhc?
Nathan Peereboom: I'm sure one of us on the team is, but remind the minute you pause.
anakip: So this is like a new program, ccbhc. It's just through samhsa. They are certifying. It's called comprehensive community Behavioral Health Centers. Every place. Yes. And I work with the state on the certifying the sites. This is like my other thing that I do, so it pays more. Okay. Most of the documentation should meet the criteria for that right now.
Nathan Peereboom: Hey, can I. Can I stop? I know exactly where your head's going. I think that what would be helpful is I want to show you kind of what we have. Because here's what I'm. Here's what I'm hearing from you. I'm hearing. I believe in AI scribing. I have very specific needs. And the thing I need to show is ROI is that like, are those kinds of like the three ways I should think about like your perspective here.
anakip: Also, I will need to get a primary understanding of the pricing. Yes. A corporate level pricing. The individual pricing will never work for us. And I don't want to be lose your time, you know, if this is the, you know. But I'm sure I can.
Nathan Peereboom: I can answer that question right off the bat. Let me just show you the pricing. Do you mind enabling sharing so I can.
anakip: Yes, I will do it. Let me do it. Great.
Nathan Peereboom: Let me know when that's all ready.
anakip: I will make you co host, Nate.
Nathan Peereboom: Amazing. Wow, the power. Oh, incredible. Okay, cool. So, okay, so right off the bat, this is the pricing. You know, we charge 150 bucks. If you're small, you guys are probably going to do like a two year contract. The 50, 51 seats. So it's 90 bucks a month. That's like the way you should think about this. Now. Why, you know, why is JOT Psych special and like, what is the thing that I want you to take away? Thing I want you to take away is that we have this new program called JOT Audit. And what JOT Audit does is it allows you to take, you know, any template, any visit type, and you guys can see my screen, right? It allows you to take any visit type, any CPT code, any procedure, and basically like add a bunch of rules so you can upload documents and every single encounter you do is created by those rules. And what this means is that, I mean, you can use it however you'd like, but what people find is that they're able to update their notes in a way that makes them more insurance compliant, they're more likely to get reimbursed. It also allows you as a hospital, that's presumably also doing some teaching and research to coach your clinicians as they're growing in their practice. When it comes to the roi, what we believe is that people are not just saving time. This is a case study we did with around 100 clinician or a clinic of around 100 clinicians in our area. We found that people saved around one and a half to two hours a day. The notes got in 60% faster. And then the quality of notes. 80% of clinicians claim their notes were not just better, but significantly better. And the reason for that is that we've taken all the complexity of insurance billing, all the complexity of compliance documentation, all the complexity, all of different reimbursement sheets and schedules and audit requirements. And we've infused those into both the writing and the reviewing of the note before you submit a claim. Now, this is incredibly powerful. It's something that no AI scribe, no EHR has ever done before. We're uniting the billing and the documentation worlds in a way that's truly, truly novel. Now, when you think about your clinic, I think one of the things that we would encourage is the exploration of a pilot program rather than like saying to a committee, hey, we have to, you know, you know, make a big decision Right now. The benefit of a pilot program is that again, my understanding, given the kind of institution that you all are at, is that you're. You're data people. You're people who care about the results, care about measuring what's happening the before and the after. I assume that you're going to want to look at the quality of the notes. I'm sure that you're going to want to see how the audit program actually works. And the best way to do this is how has come out to New Mexico. Like, you know, have us come out for, you know, we'll come out once or twice. We'll lead everyone along the path of learning how to use job site. We'll get set up with all of your pair documents and we'll actually do the study, the before and the after survey so that you can see, hey, this is actually what happened when JobSync was implemented. The reason we're able to do this is because the software is so easy for clinicians. They can get set up in like 37 seconds. You know, it's simply like you go to our website, you got, you get started and you're ready to roll. So this is what I would encourage if you were really trying to angle for jobs, like for just de risking the decision and dipping your toe in. So let me pause there. Like, is that something that y' all would be interested in embarking upon?
anakip: Yeah, it's, it's very similar to the other pilots we did, so definitely gonna move in this direction. Okay, so I, I have like, few questions, technical questions actually, as you speak. Patient list migration. Tell me what you mean by that.
Nathan Peereboom: So, I mean, it's somewhat straightforward. It's a little bit miswritten there. We don't just migrate patients at this point. We migrate. Anything that's in your ehr, we'll move over so it can sit in Johnson. Now why is that helpful? It's helpful because a lot of the billing rules and a lot of the reimbursement risk comes from the particular matrix of the procedure and the payer data. So if we can tell, hey, this is a CIGNA patient doing a 99214, there's a particular set of rules just for like Cigna 99214s slightly different from Aetna 99213. You know, like, like where someone sits in that matrix is slightly different. So when we do that transition, what we'll do is we'll sit down with your team. All EHRs are mandated to have this data accessible. You can't hold data hostages in ehr. And we'll just upload all of that into John Sl. So it's really easy for your clinicians. It also enables previous notes to inform the context of new notes, because notes are tagged to a patient. And, you know, you start to collect a history, which is helpful, you know, when you're, when you're doing more longitudinal work. So, you know, I'll just give an example. So do you, you know, if, let's say I go into Jane Doe, you know, and I need to say I need to write an FMLA letter for her, I'll say, I need an FMLA letter. Please write one that is short. Okay. So what it's going to do is it's going to take the entire. Entire patient record and then immediately generate an FMLA letter. Now the benefit of this is that you can save this as a template and when you do that you can, you can then move forward and you know, easily apply that to other, you know, to other patients and you could just, you can do that again with single encounters or with the entire patient itself. So our goal here at every point is just to support, support you in doing clinical work, getting reimbursed for it fairly, having a high ROI on your software spend of course. But also, you know, the more comprehensive we create your environment by uploading that previous patient data, the more use you're going to get out of the software during the pilot, which is in everyone's interest.
anakip: Yeah, now that's very helpful. And this is where I am just trying to know how we can kind of make a sense of it. For example, literally your software is working as an EHR itself because that's the information it's on the cloud. More data. We is basically this is why you are migrating the information because it will be context driven note. So it will understand what's improving, what's not improving, what medication works. And I can ask like interact with the chart maybe I assume I can say what medication this patient have tried so far. It's still an alert. Run through the list and tell me. Right. Which is fantastic. Now I am trying to see how that will integrate with Cerner because you get my point because this will be an issue for a health system this big because they want the data to live on Cerner so other specialties can see we are a huge institution.
Nathan Peereboom: There are two answers that I have. Well, let me ask about your Cerner instance. Is it an application or a website? It's application.
anakip: It lives on Citrix.
Nathan Peereboom: Interesting. Okay. The best way to use shots like in that context is to copy and paste back into Cerner.
anakip: Yeah, the biggest issue in this one because the most important aspect of it will be kind of not used which is longitudinal information built up. Correct.
anakip: And it's context based. So this is where like I'm exactly like when I played with it and I was looking at it, I felt this will be one of the major shortcoming because I wish we can use it standalone because it will make life easier for us. But unfortunately we have parents, you know the hospital that they are asking us to use Cerner for data sharing. Right. So this is where I, I'm sure at some point we will going to use the cloud based Cerner, but not now because I know. Part of CERNA right now it's a cloud based. The one that basically talks about coding and diagnosis. It pulls from the cloud.
anakip: But let's say if it was cloud, because you asked that question, are you able to use like API to integrate seamlessly?
Nathan Peereboom: So that's a great question. In order to integrate we have to do a little bit of research. We don't currently have an automatic integration to Cerner. It's something we could price within the startup cost. We don't have any startup costs as is. You know, right now if you want to start using JOT side you just start on a subscription. If we're going to do an API integration we can do that, but we are going to have to like staff a bunch of engineers to build it, which might be fine. You guys might be a large enough customer where you think hey, you know, know what? Like if we can get a bunch of awesome engineers to, to build this pipe for us and it, you know, it costs X dollars, that's, that's great. But, but I do want to be transparent that it would be a startup cost.
anakip: Yeah. In general, sometimes what happens when we are working on stuff like this, we can utilize some of Cerner people.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, interesting. Yeah.
anakip: So it could be you could hire them but Cerner takes part of the cost because Cerner's best interest for us to continue with them. Right.
anakip: So sometimes we can do something about it because the integration with Dragon was in a similar setting and others. And others. But I think maybe we need to have another conversation. Right. Because I think I can go back to the informatics committee because I really don't want to go through in a direction that we end up like we cannot do it. Right. Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: No, us, us too.
anakip: Okay. So how about this, Dr. Earl, what are your thoughts? It's interesting.
David C Earl: I don't think the copying, you know, control A, control C, control V into a custom note and Cerner is really that big a deal. I like, for example, that's the way I have to put every sleep study in in our system. The alternative is, is a PDF but then it's not searchable and it's not as you can't really copy and paste from it as easily if you're trying to tag it into other notes and things. And so I'm really used to having to do that. I don't think that is in any way a deal breaker if somebody has a, a program that's generating a note that they don't really have to spend much if very little time making edits. To and that's the tradeoff is without an API in order to be able to use that. I I don't think that that's a hill that has the necessarily as a. That big a barrier. 1 thought I had is like trying to apply this to inpatient psychiatry, which is primarily where I work. But we. That is a level of high revenue and we do have typically six inpatient psychiatrist here. Does this work well with some of the coding and whatnot for inpatient services psychiatry encounters, is it?
Nathan Peereboom: Yep. Yeah. We have a bunch of inpatient folks who use who are mostly doing like continuation of care based billing and we can walk you through like the exact way that that that happens. But typically it happens at the patient level rather than the encounter level because most inpatient is not procedure based coding. So. But the answer is yes.
David C Earl: Yeah, I do. I'm really attracted. And also in P.S. this is, you know, which is more ambulatory. It's quite attractive. It has the patient's record in there and it can generate a summary and would we, I don't know if our facility would allow it, you know will only allow us to put the BH folders in there or could we put the entire record in there Also work in sleep medicine. So sadly I'm probably going to have to use whatever our system's going to switch to or Doximity, which is free and still seems to work pretty well compared it works better in dax, but I don't see how. I like the idea of AI kind of summarizing prior record, including other elements of the record and me being able to ask questions and just kind of being there and ready to, to, to pull and import into notes or whatnot. But I don't think they'll be able to ultimately use this in my ambulatory work which is sleep medicine. I almost wonder if you guys don't need to expand it to just like JOT EMR or something or.
Nathan Peereboom: Yes, we have so many non behavioral health folks who use this. So a few things. One, our system is content agnostic in terms of what you upload to it. These people upload all sorts of different things. You know like the lab boards are in different forms. There are medical notes. Some. A lot of insurance companies need a primary care person who's know a participating physician in the care. You know when it gets into interventional medicine like TMS or Spravato, there's always like a medical component there. So. Okay. And, and like our notes have to have to deal with medical comorbidities. You know when we do geriatric medicine this the, the psych note is not like void of like all the content of geriatric patient. So. So in terms of the content you can put into job site, at a technical level and at a content sensitivity level, anything can go in the. Now the question of like whether your hospital has, you know, aversion to putting in non BH content into jot psych, that's something that we've always solved with just a BAA because we can. I mean, the BAA covers 100% of medical information. It's not a behavioral health carve out. It's all medical information. So when we have a BA with you, it's full, like we have full transparency. We can do anything with patient data. The other thing though is when it comes to actually writing the note, and this is really, really important, even the output of the note is not really like behavioral health specific. Chris right now is working with a bunch of surgery docs at out in California who have wanted to use jot Psych. And the way that it works is they just upload a different template. You know, they just upload a template that's for Chris. What are you doing lumbar surgery right now? I feel like there's something, there's something in the. You're always working on a different part of the back. But when you create a template, you know, what happens is you can mix and match, drag and drop sections. You can also create sections from scratch. Like, we also have a library of things that span both behavioral health as well as like, you know, things that. I think we even have a veterinary note in here. You know, we've got palliative care. So there's a lot beyond just behavioral health that jot psych can do. The reason why we focus on behavioral health in the product and in the marketing is simply because, you know, that's kind of where we want to invest most of our engineering effort. But if you're doing ambulatory care and like you've got, you know, all the documents that you need for that, and we create your custom template, you'll be fine. But again, you know, Dr. Earl, our, our belief is like, you know, you should just try it too. You know, you should just get a job site account, upload one of your templates, see how it comes out, play around with it, give Chris and I a call, like, help us dial. You know, let us help you dial in the template and see what happen. The judge.
anakip: Okay, I'm.
Nathan Peereboom: I'm curious. You the investment committee, I take it that the two of you. Oh, one other thing, what Dr. Earl said about copy and pasting. Dr. Nikif, we find that 100% of the time. Everyone says they want EHR integration, and we always say, hey, just do the pilot first. And then, see, they do the pilot. No one complains about the copy and paste. And then they save themselves tens of thousands of dollars in the so our view. And you know, of course, we could have that as like a revenue center of our business, but, like, our view is like, we just want to make great software, and if people don't need the copy and paste, there's no reason to go through the blood, sweat, and tears to do it, even if there's a Cerner team also working on it. So. But what I take is that both of you kind of do want to do this pilot. I take it that both of you are. Are interested in experimenting, seeing how it works in the wild. And that we're trying to figure out here is how do we position this for the committee? Can you help us understand what the decision making process is and in particular what you anticipate the decision criteria would be for that committee?
anakip: Are you asking about the timeline or are you asking.
Nathan Peereboom: I think I'm curious, like, what is the process? How does that process follow a timeline? Who's in those committees? What kinds of things are they? Are they like, what's the rubric that they're thinking through? They've got an Excel sheet. They're not grading anything, you know.
anakip: Okay. So we have several committees that has to look into this. Okay. Generally first we have, we have the informatics committee. Okay. And within informatics committee, they always run it through it for security and safety to see if it's the safety measures aligned. Then it will be going through. Are the C suite for the, you know, the capital expense and do we need to put this much? The challenge is because they are using. They decided to use a different one for the hospital. So we will be just. Our department will be using something else. Right. So I would take. Gonna take months to start with even to do the pilot. Because to do pilot, I mean safety and security and the it, they all put their stamp on it. I honestly, I feel that will be fine. I am more in my mind usability from the provider perspective. And this is what I mean because most of the providers, if you're familiar with the Cerner, especially outpatient people, they use something called provider view. Provider view uses dialog boxes. So when you copy paste, as Dr. Earl said, if we are using a regular template, you can copy paste and put everything there. But hospital generally is pushing people to use the provider view, which has like dialog boxes very similar to your boxes, like HPI summary objective. So I think this is where the church becomes because that means people has to section by section paste. And I can tell you we, you know, I work with users mostly. We don't have that great pool of users that we can rely on them to do it. Well, of course, Dr. Earl is a tech savvy. We have another generation of tech savvy. They're great. But we also working with, you know, 30, 40% of people, they will have challenges to do this because like, you know what? I'd rather to type my hand. And now you slowly start seeing, you know, the number drops. And the feasibility and all of that. Basically we go backwards. Literally when they started using the power mic on the phone number of the people who uses Dragon dropped massively because no one wanted to download the app. No one wanted to deal with it. And just. You get my point. I'm just trying to understand.
Nathan Peereboom: I have a question.
Nathan Peereboom: How flexible are your templates and server note?
anakip: Okay.
Nathan Peereboom: How important is it like we can.
David C Earl: I mean I just had a progress note for behavioral health built. It took me about three years.
David C Earl: It wasn't a high priority fast track type item. But it's like when I use DAX or Doximity, I usually paste an HPI physical exam which I would want the generated mental status exam or incorporated or mixed intermixed or the default template. And there is an assessment plan box in Cerner that you can instead of. I'll still code the problems because they want us coding. But actually there's a separate box. It's assessment plan text. So it's typically three, three paste. And so I can make that work in a, in a dyne doc. Now the sleep studies, I still put it under clinical note because of images don't paste well and it's weird but. And so it's just one copy and paste. But you know it. We're talking probably three copies and paste. If I get a note that I liked, I don't have to spend a lot of time editing. I think most users would agree that we're good to go. I don't know about an inpatient where it's a little. You kind of have to start yourself to program with each individual patient and you pretty much immediately walk from one patient to the next. So I could see that being a little bit of a challenge. Unless there's like a meeting record function for treatment team where kind of like this meeting here, there's like a way of like setting this to record all audio and then as you mentioned, each patient, it can group it, you know what was discussed. So if there's something like that where it would work well in treatment team. But the majority of our people are documenting ambulatory start one patient, finish one patient, move to the next. And so I think that's just some nuances based off of what my career is. I do agree with Dr. Keith. I thought that the more challenge would actually be getting us through committees. Unfortunately he's involved in our informatics here and if he's confident that we could probably get a pilot through usually residents, if you've got something that works well, usually they're a little bit more comfortable interacting with, like, a web portal, like an app that translates to a web portal and then a copy and paste in the record. And if it makes their work fast and efficient, that's probably not going to be a big barrier. So I could see us having decent resident adoption with. With something like this, I, I definitely could see faculty being slower. And that's traditionally what my observations have been. Unless you just get that occasional person that's more like n keep or something that is, you know, willing to go into uncharted waters and be comfortable with it and know that it'll work out okay. So if you think we can get a pilot here, Ali I, I, I think we could probably get enough people to maybe spread word of mouth to the others that yes, this is worth the department going in on.
David C Earl: I think if it increases the reimbursement because the node is there's specific things in these templates that are geared for now the majority of our population's Medicaid and Medicare as opposed to we in behavioral health like in, in sleep medicine. I think about a third of my patients are privately insured. But here I think it's that, that it's much lower than that. So there's only a handful of payers that we work with. But if we're, if our revenue improves a bit or in some, potentially a lot because of the number of potential patients, I could see the department being enthusiastic even though it would be for the psych department only. I would personally want the whole medical record in there. And if you have the BAA and it can do that, that's because I want it making inferences based off of other things. Another thing, if, if there's scanned documents in the medical record, including like a scanned outside discharge summary that may have pertinent information, is it, does it have like an optical character recognition or something where you'll scan information in like a PDF?
Nathan Peereboom: Let me, let me check with our team on that. I don't want to over promise but if it's not, if it's not there now and that's like a deal breaker, we can like figure out how to accelerate because it's on, it's somewhere on a roadmap. Whether it got done already or it's about to get done, we can accelerate.
David C Earl: I think that's key because what we're trying to do with something like this is not miss really important information we may need to be acting on. And I think that's where the buy in would be in. P.S. you have somebody coming. P.S. you can already start with a summary of their history so you kind of know what you're working with and that I could see that being exquisitely helpful. I had a case today here on inpatient. I'm trying to figure out the patients required blocked rooms throughout their prior admissions. It was pretty much impossible for me to find that because we don't typically chart that. It wasted an hour of time, things like that. So I could see that being very attractive because one of the problems we've had here the entire time I've been here is depending on where you look in the record, you can get completely different versions of the same patient. This. This one suggests they have bipolar. Bipolar disorder. This one suggests I have schizophrenia, you know. And when you pull in the entire record and it's trying to summarize that and I've done that with dumping DE identified sometimes two or three hundred pages of DE identified patient information in the doximity and it will, it summarizes it quite nicely. And that to me is very attractive. And I see other. I could see that increasing users. I agree.
anakip: So Nate, my question. Do you have a certain packet you generally when you work with institutions our size that you send that I can run it by my informatics and IT team so they have an idea, then we can continue the conversation after they kind of get their first pass and ask questions.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, absolutely, we can do that. Let me just one other thing I want to remind everyone of here is part of the pilot program is us taking on the whole learning and development cycle for y', all, you know, so we know, look, software is hard. No matter how easy you make a software program, no matter how much time you save someone, it's always a little challenging for people. And we get that. Like I something that, you know, we say here is we're partly a technology company, but we're definitely an education company. And part of that we just want to be really front and center. That's why we come out and are there in person once or twice. That's why we hold dedicated customer support sessions with your team. So that's one thing. The second thing is what we have found is that typically changing a template in your ehr, if that's possible, can be helpful because you can copy and paste the entire note into, into a template. So if I go to here, I'll just show you how it comes out. It comes out pre structured. So if I copy all sections and then I go to a document that you can imagine is an EHR and I control V it in. You know, it's, it's fully structured. So if you had a single text box template that's, that can be helpful. But, but yeah, I think, I think what makes sense is we want to send you this information. So we're going to send a follow up email that reminds you of all the answers to the questions that you all have asked. We're going to send you a document that overviews what the pilot program is for your team and then you know, yeah, let's, let's set up some time next week to touch base after you've gotten a look through it. How does that sound?
anakip: That sounds great. So the important things they will ask about the infrastructure. What most probably are hosted on aws, correct? Okay.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, that's right.
anakip: Okay. Okay. So that this security works through that. What's the malpractice? What's called. Like HIPAA compliance and breach. What's your, your policy around that? Because you have other people going to review the policy. Because also we are pulling other documents from past visits, dumping it. So that becomes very gray area because we obtained these documents in the past visits, now bringing it to the new software. You get my point. So, so I want to make sure we have some like something explains how the whole thing work and.
Christopher Hume: Awesome.
Nathan Peereboom: Yep. Go ahead, Chris.
Christopher Hume: I was going to say Dr. Nikif, just to make sure that I'm pulling together all the information you need. So it's HIPAA compliance, our breach procedures. Liability. Liability. Yep. Our cloud provider and then kind of separately also pricing information as well. Is there anything else that I'm missing there? I just want to make sure I include it all in one robust package for you so it's not a bunch of emails back and forth.
anakip: I think this is what covers. And the way that Nate described, he very articulately explained how the note, the uniqueness of this software is basically integrating billing and coding and how understand the insurance criteria so knows how to tailor it according to the insurance type. That's what I will be. I think it's very important to be brought up because other softwares generally are using, you know, they take your dictation, then they run AI to organize it for you. But what he's talking about, it's another layer of complexity to match certain requirements. Right.
David C Earl: And, and also question, is there a prompt in there? If you're missing something that's a requirement, will it prompt you to comment on that? When you're putting the note together, like say for example, a particular payer wants to know the thought process and that wasn't, that wasn't really addressed or dictated in the note. And so when you're going to finalize it, will it have like an area of like. Yeah. Action suggested? Yeah, you're looking at it right now.
Nathan Peereboom: You're seeing it right now. So it, you know, you get these rules when an action's needed, it makes the update and then you approve it in the node itself. So it's made. And then for things that there are certain things that you might need to attest to so that you might not say out loud. So PDMP reviewed, you guys probably always have to do this. So you click that you reviewed it and then you can sign your note. So we're collecting attestations that are binary here. And then anything that's like mdm, telehealth, things that are actually descriptive, that gets modified. By simply clicking this fix with AI button.
David C Earl: A couple of things. PDMP is one. We also have some CMS inspired things that AIMS or abnormal and voluntary movement scale that we typically an outpatient are trying to track. So this could help some of the tracking compliance with that. It looks like what's called a.
Nathan Peereboom: He's totally flexible.
David C Earl: There could be some customizable things that could be added in there. I thought those things came from cms, so you may already have them in there. What is ali aims, Annual review, outpatient treatment plan and PMP are those kind of the four criteria that everyone's charting on.
anakip: Also the metabolic screening and the metabolic screening.
David C Earl: A1C and waist circumference risk assessment.
anakip: Exactly. So we are getting a little more because now we want to make sure everything matches ccbhc which has a little bit more details in it. And I have the rubric for ccbhc.
David C Earl: So that could help us with CCBHC adherence. Exactly.
anakip: So literally what I do for the state I basically get from all the sites and I'm reviewing their documents, going through the Excel sheet to see if they are meeting the criteria because reimbursement is higher.
David C Earl: That's quite attractive. This is actually more enthusiastic about this than when we started today. I have not had a chance to use the program. Don't really know how I can use it to sleep. I'd be willing to play with it if I had an account. But I can imagine myself working in P.S. i've worked in outpatient here before. I know the CCBHC. So any sort of medicare CMS requirement is going to be most key for us since we're underserved and catchment institution. Also have a lot of uninsured care here.
anakip: But that's one of the CMS requirements is whenever any person brings up nicotine or any substance use, we have to offer them FDA approved off label medications, rehab. So that's again Nate, if it's not on your list, that could be very helpful to add because I
David C Earl: like to think these guys already have that kind of stuff since that's kind of national CMS stuff foreign to you guys, right?
Nathan Peereboom: No, I mean we have a off the shelf thing that you call testing, 1, 2, 3. Can you guys hear me?
anakip: Yeah, we hear you. Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay. Yeah. So in terms of like what we already have, let me show you the pair of rules that we've already entombed. So we, what we've done is off the shelf. We have rules from ama, cms, apa, aetna, Optimum, Cigna and many other public large payers. So anything that's in those roles is already there. And then what we do in onboarding is we'll take all of your. Your own private documents and rules and how we document protocols and onboarding documents and we'll upload those into the system so that you guys also have a custom set of rules on top of that off the shelf public rules and guidance foundation. Yeah, that's very helpful.
anakip: So I think we are on the same page so far. Okay. Don't expect things to be very quick. Okay. Because we. I will have a meeting maybe in like April. But before that I'll try to send them something and we can keep the conversation going. And my contact at this point is Emily, correct? No, let's.
Nathan Peereboom: I think Chris, I mean you're. You're welcome to communicate with Emily of course. She's. She's fantastic. But Chris is kind of our. He does all of our big accounts. He's like kind of our, our top guy here. So I would say if. If you want to bug anyone on the team, Chris is the one to bug.
anakip: Perfect. Get ready anytime, anytime.
Christopher Hume: And I'll make sure, Dr. Keith, that you have the answers to those questions. I'm going to pull them together. It'll probably be over the next day or two. So you'll have them early next week and then we can set up a time maybe not next week, maybe the following week after you've had time to review anything, answer any questions, see if your IT team, if they have any concerns and then we can go from there.
anakip: Yeah, I might ask you to come and present with them as well. Emily has my cell phone number. Text me.
Christopher Hume: Okay.
anakip: Want to text way quicker than email. Sometimes I forget.
Christopher Hume: No worries.
anakip: Okay. So. But emails are fine. I'm not saying like okay text but this is another way of communication. Okay. So I think we have clear pathway moving forward. Okay. Bolivian. It will be back in my court in few weeks and we take it from there.
Christopher Hume: When would work just so we can maybe get it on the calendar now one would work for that check in would just to two weeks from today.
anakip: Text me or email. I'll text you. Send me an email if you don't hear back in like few weeks.
Christopher Hume: Yeah, I'll send you a text. Perfect.
anakip: Email follow up. Yep. Okay.
Christopher Hume: Thank you. That sounds wonderful. And Dr. Earl, great to. Great to meet you. Looking forward to next several months.
Nathan Peereboom: Thank you. Thanks everyone.