Christopher Hume: Super Wednesday.
Jon Baer: It is a beautiful Wednesday.
Christopher Hume: All right, so we got our first meeting. Let's go. The new list. I'm stoked about that.
Jon Baer: Yep. Hope they show.
Christopher Hume: Yeah, if they show right. Hey, booking is the first step is booking. Then we can go from there. Candace Carpenter. Can you. Like, were you able to find her anywhere like on LinkedIn?
Jon Baer: I honestly, I didn't really look after.
Jon Baer: Yeah, no, that's fine.
Christopher Hume: But I can. No, no, no, no. I'm just. All right, well, we'll just see. We'll just see what happens here. I think just. Side. We'll just see. We'll see if there's an opportunity. And that's why we're kind of really burning down this list right now. And then we'll give it. Yeah. See what else we can do. So what's. What's working? What's not working for your job?
Jon Baer: I mean, I think it's just kind of like the. The, you know, the same. The same old, you know, just. Like, hoping to get people on the phone hoping that somebody resonates with. I mean, I think some of the emails are a little, you know, You know, someone like the later ones, like, aren't necessarily the best. I think, like, just trying to figure out, like, you know. What's gonna, you know, because I, you know, some, some of the ones that, like, are, like, for, you know, pnmps, like in, in the middle of it, it's like, you know, what happens? Like, do you down code or, you know, down bill when I just don't think those are going to strike a chord, you know, with some of them? So I think those ones type, you know, sometimes get, like, overlooked. You know? So I, I think it's, and I know, like, we're in the, like, you know, activity, you know, pretty hard right now to, to see, you know, what's going on. But I do think there is also a sense of, like, you know. You know. Being a little bit more personable, you know, with an intentional with kind of like what we're saying, like, but I think, you know, stuff like this, like, if this lady shows, right? Like, I think there's, like, two factors, right? And, and I think, like, you know, the factors is, like, one. You know, she's not a decision maker. But, you know, what is going on within their organization. Right. And what are they using today as far as, like, the technology and where their potential gaps. Right. And just learning as much as we possibly can. And then, like. You know, and then just being very, very intentional if we choose to, like, go outbound and, like, search for the people that are going to be those decision makers. And maybe that's going to, like, sales nap and saying, hey, these 10 people, I think, are going to be like real decision makers. And, like, you know, we can kind of take those, that conversation and bring that to them. And it just brings it more like, you know, Subsidy, I guess, right within, like, emails that I'm crafting. Or if I potentially get somebody on the phone, right? Then it's like, hey, listen, like, you know, I scoured your, you know, your website. I spoke to, you know, somebody that's, you know, lower level, like clinician. These are some things that they were struggling with. This is what's kind of like brought in. These are gaps I think I can fill, is it worth, you know what I mean? So, like, though, and that stuff just takes time.
Christopher Hume: You know what I mean?
Jon Baer: Like, not quick, you know, sales. You know, I think some other things that I personally struggle with within calls is, like, where am I, you know, where am I adding value in? Right. And, like, how am I able to convey that in such a short time? Because it's almost like it's. Like, hey, like, depending on the person, right. You know, you know, we use AI to help, you know, cut documentation, you know, times, you know, you know, down. How is that being done? Is that being done manually right now? And I try to make it, like, more conversational, but it's almost. Like we're not, you know, like, immediately, like, you know, hey, like, not interested in, in some, you know, in, in that or not looking at that or just doesn't want to, you know, continue, like, the conversation or something.
Christopher Hume: So do you want to try a new hook, John?
Jon Baer: Yeah, I guess I just don't really know what hook to, to do. And I try to, you know, I try to really understand, like, who this person is. Right. So if, like, if it's a, you know, maybe a nurse practitioner, but that also owns a company, you know, they're, they're probably going to care about billing and they're going to care about documentation. Right. But I think maybe it's more on their side. Like, like how the documentation works within medication, right? Because that's, that's a gap. I think that regular AI scribes have. And then if it's an owner, I'm really going in just trying to. You know, talk more about, like, the billing analysis.
Christopher Hume: Right. Like, hey, we're. Owners and those people. Yeah. Just, hey, like we're calling. Like, we're trying to, like, make a name for ourselves in the industry. We've seen, like, insurance companies using AI to down code or, or underpay people. And we're just calling clinics offering a free analysis to see if we can help out or, like, where they can invest resources. Does that sound like a reasonable hook to you for, like, those admin owner people?
Jon Baer: Yeah. Yeah, yeah. And, and that's where I've, I feel like I'm also trying to, like, I'm moving towards as far as, like, the scribe stuff as well is more like, hey, you know, we're trying to make, like, a, I get that's actually a good one. We're trying to make kind of a name for ourselves, and we're kind of setting up, you know, Pilots for, you know, similar practices, you know, in the area because we work with a few, you know, and to see if, you know, might be something that could, you know, help out and whatever it is.
Christopher Hume: And those were offering for free because we, they had to give us access to their EHR. Yeah. The other thing, John, I wonder if, like, you're, like, struggling with. Right now. You're, do you, are you, did you put all the admin and all the providers in or just the admin?
Jon Baer: All the admin and then like 20 or 30 of the providers, I still got to put, you know, some of those.
Christopher Hume: Yeah, no, no, I was just asking so we could see how to craft this. I think like that billing analysis or like, hey, yeah. Jobs like we help. I think that's sort of like that audit risk and Revenue maximization. Let me take a 15 minutes after this and clean up some of my thoughts here and give you like two clean hooks. About like this admin audit insurance related stuff. Just so you have some more stuff, some more to play with.
Jon Baer: Yeah. But I mean, like, I think like at the end of the day too. Like it's also like I'm not necessarily like, it's not like I'm like getting 10 people on the phone a day, right? It's like I'm also calling and calling like, you know, and I'm like, yeah, I booked a meeting, but at the same time, it's like, you know, I've got in touch with three people, you know? And it's like one of three. That's great, you know, that's great.
Christopher Hume: But it's a horrible connection.
Jon Baer: It's like the, like, yeah, it's like
Christopher Hume: the, you know, we've never been able to get a good connection.
Jon Baer: Right? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Christopher Hume: No matter even, even that original list from Zoom info, I feel like our connection rate was pretty, pretty bad.
Jon Baer: And that's why I think a lot of it. S, you know, it's not so much about like, and I like, yeah, at some point you have to like, you know, ground and pound, right? Yeah. But I also think like, you know. Sometimes taking time to kind of like develop within, you know what I mean, like that account. Like I think there's, there's also like, I guess there's certain levels within, you know, Within these providers or within these practices, right? Because like if you look at maybe this like, you know HCA or whatever that's got, you know, 3000 providers that, you know, that that's what it said. I don't know how many people on LinkedIn. If I look it up, but, you know, and you can go on, you know, sales nav and look at like their sustainability report and, you know, things that, you know, that, that they're kind of like doing and maybe tie some of that. So we have like knowledge, but that, you know, that obviously is going to be more speaking to, you know, you know, the leaders and maybe medical director who owns it, you know, things like that and, and makes those decisions. But. You know, like it, it depends on, I guess, like the size of the practice on, you know, where those like ground and pounds and, you know, the ones that you want to like be a little bit more careful and be a little bit more intentional, I think, with, with some of those outreaches.
Christopher Hume: But I guess the good thing is the only bright side from having almost no connections or having very low connections is that we could always recycle all of these leads and kind of like. Re attack them. Yeah, I think it sounds like a, so one, I need to get your hooks do like we do need to think about like some sort of. Strategy in like, hey, like, yeah, I do know like best practices like we have the people that you do a ton of customization for the people who do a little bit and people you just grab. But like. Kind of given how lean our team is. Yeah. And like I just need to see a signal thought we had it from that first list. Like if we can just couple, the thing is, I think like actually realistically job and the fact that you got us a pilot and a clinic with 14 providers, that woman Denise, like that really. It didn't convert, but that wasn't your fault. That was the software. Like she had a bad experience with the software and like the expected value of that deal like over its lifetime. Is like $45,000. Like we got it to the last stage.
Christopher Hume: Like we had the decision maker trying the software and having three meetings with us. So I think the decision isn't like, is this going, could this work? It's like, do we want to deploy people on this cold outbound? Or is just make more sense to kind of have you call every customer we already have and just try and sell them shit. Yeah. Because that's kind of the other thing that like we're investigating right now with Emily. Yeah. Just so you know like what's going on in SDR world. Emily is calling a lot of our existing customers. JAP as a bunch of warm leads coming in through Facebook that he's setting up meetings with and you're doing call outbound. We're going to probably on Friday or Monday, I'm going to do an analysis and just say like. Much money did we bring in and how much money like how much opportunity did we give ourselves from these channels and then we're going to reallocate people just so we're focusing on what's like the highest ROI.
Jon Baer: Yeah. Yeah. Cause that's from. Trying to understand it like that's just kind of, there's what's needed right now, right? Like what what is going to bring in.
Christopher Hume: Yeah bring in the money and like right now in like super hobby horse like I think cold outbound is just like so great because like it's new logos and then like once we get them in the door we can sell them more shit. When like if we're only selling to people in the portfolio. And like at a certain point like you've sold to everyone in the portfolio and you have to do cold anyway.
Jon Baer: And then you guys do like referral programs too right.
Christopher Hume: Referral programs. We have a whole Google ad thing that Nate is taking over. So Nate's argument is like, hey dude like if we just ramp up Google ads and have John, Emily and Jack just call everyone who comes in the door. It might be easier. Okay. So John, I think the feedback here is let me just get you some better books. Let's try those for the next couple days. We'll see where we are on Friday and then we'll make a decision on, hey, are we still doing this? Are we going to kind of readjust on Monday?
Jon Baer: Okay. Cool.
Christopher Hume: Anything else you need from me?
Jon Baer: No, I think that I think that's it.
Christopher Hume: All right, cool. Appreciate it Josh. Let me get you those hooks. Later.