Becca Bressler: Of course. Yeah. How can I help?
Lisa Donovan: Yeah. Okay. So first I'll share my screen so you can see. Let's see. How do I do that again? Share screen.
Becca Bressler: Okay. Okay.
Becca Bressler: Can you see it?
Lisa Donovan: Okay.
Becca Bressler: Yes, I can see it.
Lisa Donovan: Okay, perfect. So we'll just do. I've already done these notes, so see this new one? So I have asked Dot Psych specifically to do. To do something specific for me, which is this little paragraph here, which I'll show you in a second. So I just saw this patient. I haven't changed anything on his note yet, but this paragraph right here never is what I want it to be. And I ask every time.psych to use this paragraph. Can you see that?
Becca Bressler: So in the second paragraph, assessed in plan only write about what therapist did in session and how client is making progress. Okay.
Lisa Donovan: And it does it. So if I hit enter, it'll do it for me.
Lisa Donovan: Okay, let me do that.
Becca Bressler: Let's do that. Yeah.
Lisa Donovan: It'll do exactly what I want it to do. So now it's fixed. And usually it's great. Usually I touch a little couple things. It's great. Right? So it has what I did in session. It says what progress was made. Perfect. Now it continues to ask me, would you like this to be trained? I say yes. And every note afterwards, still, it hasn't stopped. It does not stay.
Becca Bressler: Yep. Let me look at something on my end, if you don't mind. Just give me a second. And you're specifically not. So, actually, Lisa, if you go ahead and press yes for me, I then kind of want to see what it looks like on my side as far as, like, how it changed the template.
Lisa Donovan: Great. So it asked, would you like this to be the training format? Yes.
Becca Bressler: Okay. Could we. Could you just humor me for a second? So can we go to another note where. And then I will ask, and then we. And we will regenerate it with this template just so. So I can see what's happening.
Lisa Donovan: Great. Okay, so if I go to notes, you want me to just take a different note?
Becca Bressler: Yeah, just take a different note, and we'll regenerate it and see how it comes out on the first try.
Lisa Donovan: Okay, so go here and refresh.
Becca Bressler: Yes, exactly. And regenerate note.
Becca Bressler: You won't lose your other note. It'll just create a perfect.
Becca Bressler: Yeah, Then I am continuing to just look up something on my end. See? Remind me which section you just edited.
Lisa Donovan: Yeah, so it was the second paragraph. So it was the assessment section
Becca Bressler: in the assessment and plan section in DAP Lisa. Okay.
Lisa Donovan: Okay.
Becca Bressler: So let's see what happened here.
Lisa Donovan: So it goes back to the old way. Yeah.
Becca Bressler: So this is. So the patient demonstrates improved problem solving skills and emotional regulation. Okay. Can you give it the prompt that you gave it before? I just kind of want to, like, get a bit of a sense of how different it would look. Session therapist provided. Okay. I. Give me a second to try doing something on my end and seeing if I can. If I can make this better for you. So I just need to, like, type a couple things. Can you do me a favor, Lisa?
Becca Bressler: Can you put in the chat. Could you copy and paste this entire. For me? Not just assessment. That way I have sort of a.
Lisa Donovan: The whole thing. Okay.
Becca Bressler: Yeah, the whole thing. Just so that I can have, like, an example of how it ought to look like you're happy with the output. Output of this.
Lisa Donovan: Okay, can I give one more thing then? Because it keeps putting in self harm each time and I only need that in there when it's something that's of concern.
Becca Bressler: So only raise it if there is a concern with self harm is what you're saying.
Lisa Donovan: Yeah. Like it. It puts it in here anytime. It's like it hasn't been. Hasn't, you know, denies didn't need to be discussed. It's like I don't have patients who are even anywhere near needing that for that to be valid here.
Lisa Donovan: Okay, so can I just delete that? This part. I usually just delete this.
Becca Bressler: Yes. And then just copy and paste the whole thing.
Lisa Donovan: Let's make sure it's not also okay, copy.
Lisa Donovan: And I'm going back to our chat.
Becca Bressler: And then can you also just write. Oh, no, I can see it on your screen. What the prompt would be. So.
Lisa Donovan: Okay, I'm happy to place paste that in here too if that makes that easier for you.
Becca Bressler: Oh, it's okay. Actually. Yeah. Do you. Do you mind?
Lisa Donovan: Yeah. Trying to find a way for AI to understand what I wanted was hard. And as soon as I found this sentence that worked, I was like, I better copy that.
Becca Bressler: I know it is really like I still. We're also trying to figure out how to talk to it in a way for it to, you know. Okay, let me just do a couple things on my end and then we're going to test it and see how it goes it. So you're also saying it should not include anything about suicidal risk unless discussed, correct?
Lisa Donovan: Yep.
Becca Bressler: Just give me a couple more minutes. Okay, let's be. Okay, now do me a favor. Let's go to a different note, and we're going to try regenerating it. Also. Let's give it, like, 30 seconds to a minute just to see that this has been saved. All right? Okay. So I'm going to have you just refresh your job site, if you will, just the whole page. Now, let's pick a note, and we're going to try regenerating it the same way and see what happens.
Lisa Donovan: Let's make sure first. Oh, no. Okay. Not this one. Oh, does that matter that we've already fixed this one?
Becca Bressler: It doesn't matter. But if you want just also for, like, cleanliness of the page so we don't forget which one we're looking at, we can just pick a different one.
Lisa Donovan: I think they've all been updated.
Becca Bressler: I think that's okay. I think the key thing here is that the template adjustment gets it right the first time. So we should still be able to kind of assess that. Alrighty, let's see how this turned out.
Lisa Donovan: Oh, during the session. It's better. But it still does a better job with using this specific. Let's see, if I use it here, it'll do anything different. Yes. This does a little bit more of specifics here that you're not wanting or. Oh, no, that I am wanting.
Becca Bressler: Yeah.
Lisa Donovan: So it talks about, like, exactly what we did and how that helps. Right. Regulating acute panic, role on attachment, differentiation present safety from past.
Becca Bressler: And. So is this the one we just regenerated? Is that what you're.
Lisa Donovan: So this is the one we regenerated. And then I put back in the old paragraph that I use.
Becca Bressler: What do you mean by old paragraph that you use?
Lisa Donovan: So sorry. The description that I use for it to do exactly what I wanted to do in the second paragraph of assessment and plan, only write. The write about what therapist did in session and how the client is making progress.
Becca Bressler: Oh yes. So I adjusted your template so hopefully you don't have to keep writing that in the chat.
Lisa Donovan: But is it.
Becca Bressler: Is it not doing what you're wanting from the get go?
Lisa Donovan: Yeah. So here I'll refresh it because I updated this if it'll let me. Oh, could I not go backwards the previous.
Becca Bressler: Oh yeah. The not necessarily undo. Do you want to. We could take another note and look at it if just.
Lisa Donovan: Yeah. Okay. Let's see here. Intake. Okay, This one's good.
Becca Bressler: Okay, great. So. So I adjusted your underlying template so hopefully what this means you don't have to keep asking it to do that thing. I'm not sure why the train isn't actually working and I why I had to do it on my end. I'm going to bring this up with my team.
Lisa Donovan: Okay. Becca, there's also. So I don't know how much time we have but there's a couple other things that I need support with and I'm not sure if you have the time for it today.
Becca Bressler: Yeah, I have to leave at 2:30 but happy to discuss until then and then otherwise the link that you use to schedule is connected to several of our calendars. So that's the best way to get quick support.
Lisa Donovan: Okay. Okay. So the other thing for this is it doesn't talk about progress. So the assessment is talking about what the therapist did, which is great. But the last thing I need is the progress that the patient is making.
Becca Bressler: Do you mind giving me is do you mind editing it to your liking and then sending it again to me through the chat that would have that progress in it? Let me just see.
Lisa Donovan: Let's see.
Becca Bressler: And it's in the assessment section.
Lisa Donovan: Yep.
Becca Bressler: And are you discussing the progress in the room? Like this is something that's being discussed and not picked up on?
Lisa Donovan: That's a great question. It is inferred. Yeah. So it's not something that is like, oh, so what progress did you make? Right. It's like here are the things that we're identifying through the work that's getting done in session.
Becca Bressler: Okay, Okay, let me see. Because that would explain why it's not picking it up. I think our system really sensitive when it comes to inferences because a lot of times people really don't like that. And like I can be wrong too. Right. So we never want to, you know, we obviously want to try to avoid putting things in the note that are not true. But let me, let's like give it a shot on my end and then try it and see what you think of the output.
Lisa Donovan: Okay.
Becca Bressler: Sorry. Just give me one more second. All right. Okay, so we're going to give it another, like, 30 seconds or so and then have you do a refresh, and then we'll go to a note and see what happens. Okay. So, yeah, we can go to a note now. It.
Lisa Donovan: Yep. Great.
Becca Bressler: You like the output?
Lisa Donovan: Yep. Looks great. Yeah. Here. I see this part. So here. Patient demonstrated. Improved. Improved emotional regulation. Perfect.
Becca Bressler: Amazing. Okay, awesome. So, yeah, hopefully this spares you from having to write this in your editor. I definitely want my team to look into why the training isn't working, because that, of course, should be sticking, but hopefully now it's. It's relieving you of this one fix that you keep having to do.
Lisa Donovan: Yeah. And then I have one more. See how quick we can get it. This specific patient, it won't let me edit anything. So let's see if I.
Lisa Donovan: It keeps saying, like, not available, not able to do it. I'm like, why not. Watch it do it now. Oh, no.
Becca Bressler: And it's just this patient, is what you're saying.
Lisa Donovan: Just this patient. And when I. When I go and I reload it like we were doing notes, same thing. It doesn't do anything different. And it's any time I have recorded with this patient. This.
Becca Bressler: It's ongoing with this patient.
Lisa Donovan: Yeah.
Becca Bressler: It's been the last two notes. And you're not seeing it with other patients, right?
Lisa Donovan: Yep.
Becca Bressler: That is very strange. Can you scroll up so I can see the instructions that you put in the chat?
Lisa Donovan: Oh, yeah. So it's the one I've been using for all my other patients.
Becca Bressler: Yeah. I have trouble getting claimed sections. You want to edit. Could you type in? Let me see.
Lisa Donovan: I mean, I can ask anything else, Like, I can say, like, remove, you know, the word they, and it will still be like, I don't know what you're talking about.
Becca Bressler: I don't know why Can I see? Well, I don't want to. You have two notes, so I don't think this would present a problem, but I almost want to ask you to, like, remove the name from the note and see what happens. Can you. I know we're about to run out of time, but I'm trying to think of other ways that we could, like, test this out. Would you me a favor? Would you take the transcript? If you see the transcript, so we can create a new note, but then you can know to, like, delete it. But this is not. And can you just highlight the transcript? The entire transcript. And then I'm gonna have you, like, create a new note. We can call it, like Holden test note so you know that it's not real.
Lisa Donovan: Okay.
Becca Bressler: We'll just go to record, and then I'm gonna ask you to, like, put it into the additional notes. So if you hit the record button.
Lisa Donovan: Okay.
Becca Bressler: Yeah. And so we'll have to record for a certain amount of time, but then just copy and paste the transcript into the additional notes.
Lisa Donovan: Okay.
Becca Bressler: I think you're going to want to add the patient, right? Select patient, just so we can see.
Lisa Donovan: I see. Oh, come on. Sometimes it does this to me where I have to sign out and sign back in to show you the patient. Yeah. And it doesn't. It's not just this patient. This happens with, like, oh, I'll do it again. Delete that.
Becca Bressler: Also, Lisa, if we don't get to the bottom of this because we only have a few minutes, will you just write into customer support with this issue? I know the engineer that's on the support this week, and so I can send him a message. I can send him our video. Be like, lisa and I went over this, and he'll have more context, but could help this.
Lisa Donovan: Okay. Yes. You just want me to email customer service, and then they will.
Becca Bressler: Yeah. And then, yes. One of our engineers who's kind of manning it right now, I'll ping him as well on my end so he kind of has a little bit more context. But if you could send the note where this is happening. I mean, it sounds like it's multiple notes with this patient, but. All right, so stop recording. Let's just see what happens.
Lisa Donovan: Okay, so submitted documents. Okay, so it's doing it.
Becca Bressler: Okay, so we got the note. So now can you put an edit through? Let's just try it again and see what happens.
Lisa Donovan: Okay, so the good thing is it's doing what I. What you had edited. Edited it to do. So that's great. So maybe I just say, like, I'll just do this and see what happens.
Becca Bressler: Yeah.
Lisa Donovan: Oh, yes. It's still not allowing it. Weird.
Becca Bressler: Okay. Super weird. I'm gonna send this video over to my team, but if you don't mind also just writing into the support. That way, like, it won't fall through the cracks because we have it in our inbox. He would probably be able to help you get to the bottom of this better than me because he's technical. Also because I've not seen this before, to be honest. So. Yeah, but I apologize. I'm sure this is very strange and frustrating. And, yeah, I will definitely let him know.
Lisa Donovan: I mean, hey, now that it will write the note the way I want to, I won't have to ask for it to try and edit. So I'm. Thank you. Yeah, totally.
Becca Bressler: Okay. Take care, Lisa.
Lisa Donovan: You too, Becca. All right. Bye.
Becca Bressler: Bye.