Adam Harrison: At the psychiatric intake.
sjackson: Yes.
Adam Harrison: Okay. And you found it to be a little bit just too detailed for what you're looking for. Okay, what in particular was. Did you. Was there any particular section or thing that you found to be too much, or was it just like, hey, the whole thing is too long?
sjackson: The whole thing. So I ended up taking. I think it had a summary, then billing and then follow up. So once you download that, all that populates in the note. I don't need that, but I guess I just took it out.
Adam Harrison: Right?
sjackson: Because submitting that in different ehrs, I definitely don't need that part.
Adam Harrison: And are you using different ehrs? What are you using right now?
sjackson: I use different ones because I contract. So it just depends on which. Right now it's advanced MD at the place I'm at now, but I use different ones. So I'm just shopping around to see which one can kind of. Because I don't need it, I guess. Integrate it because.
Adam Harrison: Right, because you got different things every time. Okay, I see. All right, well, let's maybe just take a look at. Kind of show you. Have you tried customizing your template yet at all?
sjackson: When I got offset because I only have a few more days on the trial, but after I got done working, see if I could. I think I've done one, though. But I feel like I'm just going to have to start out with from scratch with it.
Adam Harrison: Okay, well, let's go through. I'll give you a little tutorial. And then if you have follow up questions, we can, you know, have another session to kind of like go through it again towards the end of your trial. But so this is, you know, templates page. So there's a few options for templates, right? You can. You can upload a template if you have one already that you like. This is probably the fastest. If you have, like, do you have something already, like a note or a template that you like? So that is what I would probably recommend in your case is you just take a photo of it or, you know, save a PDF, put it in here. And it'll create the template for you, like exactly as you have it. Have a sample note. That can even be a little bit better because then it will know what the format is that you like in each section, whether it's bullet points or narrative or, you know, long or short. So that is. That's probably the fastest path to customize your template. So I would say that that would be my first recommendation for you. But we also have have some other options here. So we have on the bottom here.
Adam Harrison: There's template library. So if I look at intake template, I think the one that you probably tried was someone over to your left.
sjackson: The psychiatric intake. That's the one I tried.
Adam Harrison: Okay. Yeah. One of these. Probably this one up here. The intake. We have some other ones as well. So this is one that is built specifically for like, built for payers. It's kind of like a payer oriented template. So we'll have all the like, codes and modifiers on there and all the like, like telehealth disclaimers or things. Like that. So that would be, you know, one to maybe experiment with if. If you. If that is, like, important to you in. In your note. And if you are doing to the extent you're doing different, like specialties or things like that, you know, these might be helpful. But, you know, it seems like from what you're saying, you probably are doing a broader psychiatric just general kind of practice. But I don't know if you focus on any of these.
sjackson: I do focus on it, but, like, say, an intake? No, because I'm assisting. Maybe a follow up. I would specifically assess for ADHD or whatnot.
Adam Harrison: Okay, great. So the way that you would kind of like. So I'll, I'll just take. Yeah, let's take the ADHD one as an example. So you would just click add. It's going to get added to your list here. And then. You can. You can edit it afterwards. So this is the whole template. Let's say, for example, you were saying, like, hey, the DSM 5 codes. It's interesting, but I don't actually want it in my note. You can just remove it. Same with, like, I don't know, are there things here that you're like, hey, just delete that.
sjackson: Like, two dudes out, the follow up email the billing company follow up.
Adam Harrison: Yeah. So, I don't know, you could just delete all. Sometimes it's better to just start with less and, like, these are the things that I actually want. And then you can always add more sections if you, you know, if you click the plus here, it'll pull up a whole library of, like, you. Know, a hundred different sections that we've developed, and you can add something if you feel like, hey, where's my review of systems? You know, you can just add it in here. So sometimes. Yeah, you can. You can even, like, start from scratch. If you wanted and say, okay, the first thing I want is, like, a summary. So I'm going to add that. Let's do a summary. And then I want the chief complaint. You know, and you could just, like, build it out as exactly as you want it in this way, too. You can also do, like, custom sections. As well, so. This is the public library, but there is a way to also. Customize this. That's on a. That's on a different screen, though, I think, but. Yeah. Any questions so far? That's just sort of on, like, getting your base template in place. And then, you know, once you have the note, you might actually want to change how, like, the writing style is. Is that important to you or it's more about, like, the section building blocks are not right.
sjackson: Both.
Adam Harrison: Both.
sjackson: Yeah.
Adam Harrison: Okay.
sjackson: I think I noticed in something. It was just too much. I think it was the billing calls, and it was, like, missed codes. I'm going to need all that in there.
Adam Harrison: Oh, yeah. So if you go to your notes, I'll just go to, like. These are all just dummy data. Yeah. So, for example, this one doesn't have. I think I removed the billing codes from this. So you could just delete the section entirely. But say for plan, you know, if you wanted to keep this plan, like you said, Chrysalid, go back to a different. Yeah, if you say you wanted to keep this. Plan, but you just wanted, like, two or three things. Like, maybe this is too much. You can use this AI Assistant on the right hand side. Zoom in a little. Like make the plan more. Only three. Only three items.
sjackson: Listed.
Adam Harrison: Max, you know, and then you just type it in. It's going to think. Yeah, it doesn't. Now sleep. Plan, see if it finds it. Okay, it's not identifying this one here for some reason, so let's just try safety assessment as a different example. I've done all sorts of weird things with this template, so. Let's just say make more concise. Oh, this is because it's a group template. So I picked a.
Adam Harrison: I picked a bad example here, but if I picked, like, a custom template that I made, Sure. Do you have any, you know, I could just type in that AI editor, any, any changes that I wanted to make, and it will learn my preferences and it will save my format over time. But I do think the best place to start is usually, like, if there are just big, chunky sections that you don't. Want. You know, I would just remove those and then go through this and kind of like.
sjackson: I guess another question was that how do I go inside?
Adam Harrison: So I.
sjackson: I'll just kind of upload a template.
sjackson: But I get that information inside. How do I edit? Like, what I want? Like, if it's bullet style, narrative style. On the AI note assistant side, but.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, exactly. So the way it kind of works is first you get the let's do, like, psychology assessment. First you get the kind of, like, building blocks of what you want the template to be.
Adam Harrison: And you're not really editing the, like, style of the section at this point. It's just like, what do I want? And what's, like, the order I want it in? Then the next step is you actually would, like, create a note. Have you created? Yeah, you've created notes. So, you know, you go to record, generate note, pick the template you want. And then you would review the note. Over here and then from there. Like, let's say this depression section. I actually want this in a narrative form instead of bullets, so I could say, you know, always make depression. Section, you know, narrative form. It's going to identify depression. Oh, it's going to rewrite it. Yes, I want that change. Maybe this is, like, too dense, though. I want, like, separate paragraphs. Separate paragraphs. Okay, now, it has three paragraphs here. So, you know, and then you'll just click. Like, train over here says, like, do you want to always apply this change? And then once I do that, it's going to know that for every note going forward, You know, to put it in this format instead of the bullet points.
sjackson: Okay, another question I had. So at the top, the billing code. Automatically suggesting bill and codes, I guess.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, it's gonna. It's gonna recommend them, I think, for you, since you were kind of like, Yeah, I guess, because you contract, right? And you use different ehrs and things like that. I think this is like. This is what the AI is sort of interpreting the session to be for a code. So it's more intended to be like a. I don't know, for your. For your work. Do you actually enter the codes or do you just have to do the note and sign it? And then there's a builder either.
sjackson: So some of it, I'm saying I don't need the code in there, and then some of it. I'm be honest. I work for a practice sometimes and they want certain colors, right? Based off whether AI or. Right? So I would just rather put it in myself. And not have to edit it all the time, like, go back through and change it. So I'm asking.
sjackson: I guess what I could do is set it up and maybe ask it for this template. Always use I don't know this code. I don't know.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, you could definitely do that. Yeah, you can say if you have. But, you know, I guess I would say you probably don't need a billing code. I mean, do you have the billing codes in your actual note that you paste, copy, paste, or generally separate? Ehr.
sjackson: Yeah. Now I really. It makes sense what you're saying. Just don't. Have one.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, I would just get rid of it altogether. Honestly, if you already know what you're doing with the codes, it probably isn't. And you don't want it in the note. Yeah, I'd probably just remove it. It'll just save you some time editing.
sjackson: If I generate a super bill from this note, would I have to put it in? Or if I take the section out?
Adam Harrison: So you'd probably be doing the super bill from the EHR you're using, right? So. So you. So, yeah. I'm assuming the code would be somewhere. There's probably a field in the EHR you're using to put in the CPT code that your you or someone on their teams manually entering.
sjackson: So that was.
Adam Harrison: That's what.
sjackson: But I do have clients that like cash pay. So they would want to super be because I know this does it. So what I'm trying to also figure out is if it's beneficial, is it easier to just click the button here? Because if I use the chart and send a super bill versus putting it back into the ehr right. Generating super bill and send it because I know I play with it. I know I could send things from this job site.
Adam Harrison: Right.
Adam Harrison: So that's what I'm trying.
sjackson: I'm trying to keep from double working.
Adam Harrison: Yeah. So right now, we don't really do. I mean, you could probably use the document generator. Let's see if we can do, like, a super bill. I don't. I don't know if this will work, but. Okay, so you probably could do a super bill from Job Psych at let me.
sjackson: But I didn't send it and I didn't go back and look. How the format of it or what? Not.
Adam Harrison: So, yeah, you. You could. You know, you could also put in the billing codes in the note and do the super bill, potentially with the document generator. If you got everything, like, set up the right way.
sjackson: Okay? Okay?
Adam Harrison: Yeah. Any other questions I can help you with here?
sjackson: No. And then I think I reached out to someone I wanted to switch. Because I, I signed in on there, like, this is one, one of my work emails and I thought about it. I probably need to put it under, like more of my personal email the account, because I pay for it separate.
sjackson: And they just told me I had to create another account to change, like maybe the login or something.
Adam Harrison: Sorry, can you explain one more time? I didn't quite.
sjackson: Someone set up, I guess, the account I use my work. One of my work emails and I wanted to change it to a personal email.
sjackson: But they told me that I would have to get another and set it up that way. I guess I'll have to do that. If I'm really considering they are using it.
Adam Harrison: Yeah. Yeah.
sjackson: Unfortunately, when you leave the company, They generally turn off the email market.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, yeah, definitely. I would say in your situation. Yeah, it is like a company policy that can't like change the email after an account created. So I would definitely suggest, especially if you're going to rebuilding your templates anyway, just doing your fresh one, they're not going to be good to go for, so we just need to be on the time. No, thank you. Do you have enough time on your account to kind of make sure you get to play around with this? Or I guess you're going to make a new one anyway.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, I think I'll go.
Adam Harrison: Having to make a new one. Okay. Feel free to kind of get back in touch if you need anything. Otherwise. Yeah, I appreciate your time. Hopefully this was helpful.
sjackson: Thank you so much.
Adam Harrison: All right, take care. Bye.