Christopher Hume: Start them with love to kind of learn a little bit more about you and kind of how we can help today. So I'm chris. I do growth operations work. Here's jotsyc. What that means is that I do a lot of the conversations with prospective customers, then help customers make sure they get the best experience possible if and when they decide to join. Jobs like this call is really just an opportunity for me to get to learn a little bit more about you. You'd have your questions answered about job Syke, and then see if there's any way we can support you.
Jeffrey Bayless: Sure. Sounds good.
Christopher Hume: I guess to kick off, Jeff would love to hear a little bit about you, a little bit about your practice and sort of what brings you to this meeting today.
Jeffrey Bayless: Yeah. I'm a psychiatric nurse practitioner. I've got a brick and mortar practice. In reno. I've got two other nurse practitioners that are contractors for me. They see a combination of telehealth and in person, I do the same. I'm also licensed in Arizona and Alaska, and I have offices in those cities in Anchorage and in Scottsdale. So I spend the summers up in Alaska seeing patients there, and then spend a couple weeks in Scottsdale in Vegas. Seeing people there. Yeah. General psychiatry, mood disorders, anxiety disorders, adhd. No crisis or acute care management or anything like that. I would say in terms of our patient population mix, it's probably about 50% ADHD, and then the other 50% is mood disorders and anxiety disorders and things like trauma. I use Jotsyc a couple years ago. I want to say it was.
Jeffrey Bayless: I was in the process of kind of exploring some AI scribes. I've used a number of them over the years. I don't remember why I moved away from using y'all. So when I think I saw a number of emails coming through, I figured I'd connect and see maybe what has changed or what kind of improvements or advancements there's been. And I'm always looking for ways to try to save as much time when it comes to documentation. And completing my progress notes and all that kind of good stuff.
Christopher Hume: Unbelievable burden. So what's your current tech stack look like, Jeff? Are you using an AI scribe?
Jeffrey Bayless: How do you take care of currently using Heidi? I'm not going to lie. I'm using their free version. It's been working fairly well for me. They give you. Some. What do they call it? They give you a small number of advanced access to their more comprehensive notes and templates and things. So each month they kind of give you, like, seven or ten of those. I really just have really just lean. I mean, the majority of my patients are follow up appointments. I do have new patients kind of sprinkled in there, but I'm just using kind of a standard soap note format. Yeah. So I hope that answered your question.
Christopher Hume: No, that's super helpful. But I guess what is the kind of challenge that when there's my colleague John, who reached out. My colleague John reached out. What challenge are you facing today? We're like, you know what? It's worth just hearing what's going on with Jobs just to see if they can help here, because I'll make sure if we can.
Jeffrey Bayless: My biggest challenge, Chris, is not having enough time. To continue to. I mean, I'm continuing to try to explore ways that I can use AI to assist me with all kinds of operational tasks along with clinical tasks. And I know I'm probably tip of the iceberg. Well, I shouldn't say that I know I'm better than some. But not as advanced as others in terms of my use in leveraging AI to help with all kinds of tasks.
Christopher Hume: How do you do your billing now, Jeff? That's a feature. The last time you used this, I don't think we had.
Jeffrey Bayless: Chris Wernhaus, my man, brought it all in. Awesome. I continued to experience. Billers suck, man. And so I was fortunate enough, story goes like this. I'm on the billing encoding subreddit. And trying to. Soak up as much as I can from these folks. And I connected with an individual on there who really is good. Small op, right? Just one guy kind of working for his mom's practice in, like, two or three other practices. I basically told him, hey. I want to pay you for a year to teach us how to do it. You're basically going to get paid for doing next to nothing in terms of the actual tasks associated with. And he did. It was September of 24 that contracted with him. And then literally August of 25. I have a virtual assistant over in the Philippines and she handles all the front office and back office RCM and billing. It does all the appeals and denials and we've been countered some kind of hairy stuff. We drove in the credentialing and contracting now in house. Yeah, so we do. That's a long answer.
Christopher Hume: How did that this curiosity is a little but did you see your revenues go up and your audits go down when you brought it in house, or did that impact your metrics?
Jeffrey Bayless: I don't know if I've kind of been in the process of scaling the contractors that I have. We capture almost everything. Right? And we're small. I mean, it's three of us. And really, when you take it's me full time in terms of my volume. And then if you put David and Megan together, they probably equal another full time clinician in terms of their volume. We don't lose anything. Very little gets written off. And when it comes to denials and rejections and those types of things, Or kind of those traditional billing issues we need to put in the bud really early on if we have a patient and it's their third appointment. And we've now hit a wall with reimbursements and really haven't gotten paid. Essentially, we tell them, Hey. You can move forward as paying the contracted rate until we're able to sort out your insurance company's not paying us. As we've brought it in house, you just. Learn how little typical billers are really doing to chase down reimbursements. I mean, I'll just give you an example. We would get denials years ago and all they would do is submit duplicate claims. They just keep shoving duplicate claims down payers throats until finally one got paid.
Jeffrey Bayless: I don't think that's the right way of doing things. I guess it worked to some degree. But then if you try to drill down on a problem with a claim, you've got seven, and you have to identify, well, which one's the most recent one that's been touched. Anyway. I'm, like, extremely pleased with where we are. And we've seen our revenue and profit margins have stayed about the same, but we've seen an increase year over year, just in terms of the volume of the other clinicians that are taking on more work.
Christopher Hume: Yeah. And so you said you're trying to scale. So you're trying to add more clinicians as well.
Jeffrey Bayless: Yeah. My hope is by the end of this year, I'm hiring somebody in Reno, and I'd like to hire somebody. I'm evaluating an office space up in Anchorage to start leasing. I'm hopeful I can actually find somebody that's up there full time. In Alaska. So that's the goal, to have two more folks on board by the end of the year.
Christopher Hume: Well, this is really helpful, Jeff. So that was my 20 questions. I'm sure my game of 20 questions. I'm sure I'll have more for you, but I think kind of now would love to we have an overview of jobs. Like where I can walk you through some of these new features. I'll particularly highlight features I think are relevant one to saving time is that's like the big goal. But also in terms of as you scale, kind of what might make it a little easier for you or your team to either track your building or track your providers and see what's going on. And then I'm happy to provide a demo. Talk about next steps. Get you sign up with the. You do have an account, so I can reactivate your account for a trial. We can get any of your colleagues up and running for a trial. But what would be a good outcome here, Jeff, if we kind of wrap up this meeting like Chris? Answered all my questions. Is there anything I'm missing or anything you want to come out of here with?
Jeffrey Bayless: I don't know.
Jeffrey Bayless: No, I'm just, you know, trying to soak up, like I said, and learn as much as I can about any advancements you all have made to see if there's anywhere that we can improve productivity or. Efficiency, how it can maybe improve the bottom line.
Christopher Hume: Perfect. Since you've used this, Jeff, that's my screen coming through on your end.
Christopher Hume: Yeah, yeah, I can see everything. Okay, perfect. So that's kind of how we see ourselves. We know it. Challenges. It's been really eye opening for us, the challenges associated with scaling and reimbursing. We think it all comes down to the note. So if your notes are very high quality, you're capturing the information you need to. You need to. Makes it a lot easier to scale, a lot easier to get reimbursed. So you're familiar with jobs like. We're an AI scribe. We also make sure every note is audit proof, your claims are accurate, and you're getting paid appropriately, so you need to make sure you're not getting down coded or anything like that.
Jeffrey Bayless: What? We're getting down coded, okay?
Christopher Hume: You are.
Jeffrey Bayless: I don't take this the wrong way, Chris. I don't know that jots. I can prevent that. I mean, Anthem for whatever reason, loves. I got this new provider that started back in December, and they love downcoating her visits, and so we were you. Know, we're appealing them and we're being successful getting that overturned, but just continues to happen. And I don't, and I don't get it because my volume is so much higher. You would think if they wanted to down code somebody, they down code me, but
Christopher Hume: wow, so they just chose one of your. Providers.
Jeffrey Bayless: And they, so they do like, yeah, they just started. Every 9925 becomes a 203 and every 99214, I think, you know, and, and she and I have talked about how to make sure she's properly documenting so that we can appeal. And we, you know, again, we've been successful, but yeah. So, you know, curious to see what you guys do in terms of audit proofing notes. And claims verifications and stuff. Yeah, definitely. Okay?
Christopher Hume: Let me. Oh, I mean, you're familiar with this. This is a recorder. Super straightforward to use. I'm sure it's not too different from kind of the Heidi setup. So I won't spend too much time here. Just that you know what's exciting? Jets like you can record more than one video snippet per encounter. So if you have an account with a patient or a client, they leave or they leave the Zoom Room and then you want to add another recording of your clinical assessment, you can do that as well. That puts it all into onenote. So then this is the magic sauce. Jeff, when you ask, sort of like what sets you apart, how do you do this? The one of course, if we're not doing billing and you have an error, that's just auto down coding, everyone. Or a certain provider. Of course, there's only so much we could do there. Right. What we can do is make sure that these notes are in a position that when you earn your biller resubmit or, God forbid, get audited, you're in a position where. It's automatically the base level is no concern.
Jeffrey Bayless: I'd love to see Anthem on there. Those are three pairs we're network with. But I would love to see Anthem on there too.
Christopher Hume: We can certainly add anthem.
Jeffrey Bayless: So we have a bunch of public
Christopher Hume: rules and guidance, and I'll walk you through all this kind of that we use to review your note and audit your note. And then so at the end of a session, You can say hey. Jeff. It looks like xyz. You missed xyz. Do you want to attest that you did this and adjust your note? Do you want to use a different format? Because this should actually be whatever you chose. Therapy, but this really looks like it should be a medication management format, et cetera.
Jeffrey Bayless: Tony, you mentioned therapy. I mean, I don't do a lot of ADD on supportive therapy or bill for it. I remember looking at the end of 25. I want to say it was out of like 2,000 encounters. It was like, 30.
Christopher Hume: Oh, my gosh.
Jeffrey Bayless: Does jot psych also help create that psychotherapy note in a format that.
Christopher Hume: Okay, so add on psychotherapy. Yes, that's something that would be flagged in this jot audit feature. Yeah.
Jeffrey Bayless: Okay.
Christopher Hume: So it'll flag for you. Say, like, hey, the note is structured this way based on this source, so you can see why you're structuring. As I said, make edits and attestations before you sign the note. So if the audio cuts out or you don't turn it on before you discuss homicidality, you can always add that in afterward. Say. Yep, we actually discussed that. Please put that in. And then the really exciting thing for someone in your position, Jeff, kind of scaling and kind of sounds like you might have some people that you're a little less familiar working with, is that you can see. You're given a bird's eye overview of your team. You can see, hey, Chris has a lot of notes this week that are actually not really in compliance. I need to see what's going on here. And then you can drill down to the note level, and Jotzec will tell you, in this note, it looks like Chris missed this, this, and this. It allows you to kind of see what's going on well before a pair gets involved, and it can be even before you submit a claim.
Jeffrey Bayless: Interesting.
Christopher Hume: Then we have some other great.
Jeffrey Bayless: In John's psych when it comes to coding a note. Is it primarily looking at medical decision making or is it looking at time? Because, you know, for example, a lot of our intakes are 205s just based on time. 60 plus minutes on the date of the encounter.
Christopher Hume: So it does do both. So we have standard rules built in to jobs. Like, but what we can do is if you're like, hey, we don't really do time, we just do like mdm, we can customize your rules so it's focusing on those as opposed to time based care.
Jeffrey Bayless: Okay?
Christopher Hume: You can also send forms through job sites. You can send a phq9. I don't think we had that. And the useness you can create. Lab slips. You can generate documents. You can also request payment. So if you need. I know you go through insurance, but if you need a copay, if you have self type patients, You're saying you do that, right?
Jeffrey Bayless: Software actually using those? I mean, do you integrate with the EHR then? Because that seems like another. Well, I mean, we do all that through our ehr or we can do that through EHR And I think it's cool that you guys have those features. But I'm just curious how many people actually use them.
Christopher Hume: Technically, we are like, we can be a system of record. So I don't know at the top of my head how many people use each of those features, but a lot, especially with the payment and, like, the requesting payment. A lot of those are people who are actually using jots. I guess they're Ehrlich.
Jeffrey Bayless: Like, we can do that through the ehr. We can do that through our comms, through our.
Christopher Hume: You know.
Jeffrey Bayless: But. Okay. All right. Sorry.
Christopher Hume: Didn't mean you bogged down. Don't. No, no. Yep. So walk through these.
Jeffrey Bayless: Yeah. Does that mean you guys are at the point where you're thinking about transitioning to becoming a complete ehr, like, all in one type of solution?
Christopher Hume: Absolutely. And as I said, some of our typically, like, solo providers are already using us that way. Yeah, we're rolling out to for claim submissions too.
Jeffrey Bayless: And you guys having a relationship with a clearinghouse.
Christopher Hume: So we have Steady is our clearinghouse. Our eprescription is dose spot. We're kind of becoming that. All in one stop. You know, typically, how it goes is people use this for the AI scribe. Maybe they'll do billing with us or eligibility chats, and they're like, okay, these guys have got it down. And then, you know, we can transition the data over then. The system that we've seen work.
Jeffrey Bayless: Okay, go on.
Christopher Hume: Of course. You know we're HIPAA compliant. Always like to flag this during these. These conversations. You've already used this, so I'm sure you're familiar with it. But do just like to make sure that this comes up during the call. We have some testimonials and case studies. The time we created this deck, we had 1.8 million nodes. Now I think we're at 2.2 million notes.
Jeffrey Bayless: Right.
Christopher Hume: We had a clinic near our office. Use this, they save about under two hours a day. Per clinician.
Christopher Hume: This clinic was seeing their notes get submitted sooner, but you're very familiar with that. This is sort of the. The bread and butter here. And the last part of this deck that I want to show you, Jeff. We'll go through a demo in a moment. We'll tailor that to whatever you're most interested in. But I do just want to make sure super upfront with at the end of this call, you want to try us? You want some of your colleagues to try us? We have sort of three options. 32 week trial. You can. Yeah, just unlimited access. Unlimited people. You can use all the features. If you'd like a little bit more support. Or if you'd like us to generate custom. Templates for you or do an in person training. We can give you four week access, unlimited access for $500, and then six weeks from 999. And then, as I said, for either the four, either of the paid options, we do do an in person training. So it sounds like maybe your team's a little dispersed, but if you wanted us to come to an office, Reno, Anchorage, wherever, we come out and do that lunch and learn session, Any questions here about pricing for the trial?
Jeffrey Bayless: No.
Christopher Hume: Okay? Perfect. Then. Let me pause for a while here, Jeff, but a lot of Chris talking for the last at least 12 minutes. Any questions for me? Anything that's unclear, I think I can answer before we jump into the demo.
Jeffrey Bayless: No. Not at this time. Yeah.
Christopher Hume: Let me know when that's coming through.
Jeffrey Bayless: All right? Yeah, we're good.
Christopher Hume: Okay, perfect. So what I will show you now, Jeff, is we'll quickly go around and record with yachts, like what a note could look like in jot Psych in some of our AI edit features. But I think what I'm going to want to spend the most time on or the most important part I see these last 10 minutes is me showing you those jot audit and the ability to develop rules because that's where the real value is going to be for you as you scale. You know, you don't want to expand to billing team or you want to make sure your billing team is able to keep managing the flow of claims, so I think this would be helpful for them. But just like cord. You select your patient if you so choose.
Christopher Hume: You select your template. We'll do, you know, therapy, a med check. Then you just go over here, press start recording. Right, that's off to the races. The screen looks a little different. From when you last used us. The end of the session. Press stop. And generate note. Or add additional content.
Jeffrey Bayless: Right? Right. Okay? Straightforward. I mean, anybody should be able to use.
Christopher Hume: That's what we hope. That's what we hope. Sure it's not too different from. Your note. This is our medication management. Book something like this. You can copy and paste it into your ehr all at once. Go one section at a time. Or two sections at a time. Selected. Or in the coming weeks, we're rolling out chrome extension integration. If you open your ehr in chrome. To one click button to fill out the note. Over in there. Then this is where we get to the fun part, Jeff. We're going to go through. We get to look at the audit features on the right hand side. As you see, I think right now we have. Every account gets access to 40 audit checks a month. Of course, you get access during your trial, and then unlimited access is $69 a month. And then this is what kind of it will do for you. So in this note in particular, Looks like the rules at risk is that we didn't discuss current medications. You actually needed. We'll also flag rules that. We really.
Jeffrey Bayless: Okay?
Christopher Hume: You go over to kind of. The you as kind of the practice administrator or the supervisor. You would have access to this audit center, Jeff. And again, as would your billing team. This is where you can see. Okay, like, what the heck is going on here? You'll see kind of recent encounters. See, I had a pretty. Adjusted test account. Met with Chris Hume recently at a pretty non compliant note.
Jeffrey Bayless: So it looks like there's a little concern there.
Christopher Hume: But you can also see that the clinician level. The way the job site test account in here. Compliance. Not looking.
Christopher Hume: Yeah, it's pretty poor. You can drill down, see all their sessions. And then you can be on a specific note. They'll say, hey, it looks like it should have been a 99214. At least Mr. Test did the right CPT code. But the node itself is a mess. Look, didn't hit these requirements.
Jeffrey Bayless: Right. Pretty cool.
Christopher Hume: And as I was saying, This is completely customizable. So if you were like, hey, this clinic, we don't do time based care. If anyone's talking about time based care in their note or they're billing in a way that implies that something's wrong, flag it. We can do that by pushing this create note creating rule. We can also when we onboard clinics. Something that we do on a case by case basis is if they share their payer contracts with us. Our engineers can take those and automatically turn those into rules. So you can always go in and just one at a time be like, hey.
Jeffrey Bayless: Rules in terms of what?
Jeffrey Bayless: The notes like contract the rates.
Christopher Hume: Okay, I'm sorry. You said. Were you saying that anthem is a big payer of yours?
Jeffrey Bayless: Yeah, probably 50%.
Christopher Hume: Yeah. So what we could do is we could review your contract. With M and see what they require in their notes for certain levels of reimbursement, and then build the rules for your specific clinic.
Jeffrey Bayless: What? I need to provide that contract because they're terrible.
Christopher Hume: Typically, we would need you to provide the contract,
Jeffrey Bayless: Especially since they merge with Carillon and Caroline does all the contracting, and it's been. It's been. A dumpster fire with them. Okay, but I get what you're saying. So there's supposed to be information included in the contracts. To clarity on medical decision making.
Christopher Hume: And, yeah, all right, no human is going to be able to read those contracts. And then create rules for. It's unbelievable. But the benefit, being in this new AI world, is that that's exactly what large language models are meant to do, is to look at a lot of data and come out with the concise rules. So something we're really excited about. And it's a way to kind of help people who have been for years putting sort of impossible situations purposely stripped up by some of those contracts.
Jeffrey Bayless: Yeah.
Christopher Hume: Jeff, that was at a million miles a minute. The jotsec presentation, the jotsyc super quick demo. Kind of an expert with AI scribes, I'm sure. So not too worried about your ability to use us? What else can I provide for you today? What would be a good next step for you is interesting. Did I answer your questions here?
Jeffrey Bayless: Oh, absolutely. And I think you guys are doing some pretty amazing work. Where I'm trying to wrap my head around if it's a solution. For me, for us. The difficulty comes in all my clinicians or contractors. And for example, I use Heidi independently for the clinical work that I do. I believe David may use Freed or Heidi. I don't know. I don't even know if Megan's using. We take as much of the practice management and administrative tasks off their plate and absorb all the costs associated with that and any number of other things. But when I think about what you guys are doing, which, again, is amazing. I don't know that we would be a good fit. Because I'm not going to pay for this for David and Megan, right? They're going to need to. And having that conversation of like, hey, guys, I want to move over to know. And it's going to be super helpful, but it's going to result in each month you're going to see a line item out of your net collections for $200. I don't know that they would be really receptive to that. And when I think about using this on an individual level, It's a little bit more than I need. Right. Yeah, I sound. Like, arrogant fool myself, but I think that when it comes to building and coding and revenue, I'm more educated than most people at my scale. There's people that are just going to wing in it and doing their best, and it's like I'm not winging it by any stretch of the imagination. Just like an example. Appealing. All this stuff with Megan's notes that have been downcarded. We've won every single one. So that's where I'm at.
Christopher Hume: You get where I'm coming from.
Jeffrey Bayless: I wish in some ways I was a W2 employee setup practice because this would be something that would be very useful in that regard, and I could see the value there, but I just don't see it for. It's a stretch for me. Big stretch.
Christopher Hume: Yeah, I certainly understand that. I think there's two sort of. Yeah, the contractor aspect. And then the fact that you just spent a year building up an incredible interning billing team. I certainly understand that maybe now is not the best time. And go. All these causes for us to kind of learn about us, not for us to force something that's not the right now.
Christopher Hume: So would I be happy to do is if you'd like to play around with it. I'll just turn your account on for two weeks. You can get in there, you can play with some of this stuff. Would it make sense? To touch base. Just kind of once you start expanding, see, if. Kind of when you open that new office, when you bring on those team members, if it's something that could offer a little more value, could we just set up a check in. In a few months or sometime in the spring or summer?
Jeffrey Bayless: A few months is not good, and I'll tell you why. I leave for Alaska in the middle of May, and it's a process of. I literally drive my travel trailer, my dog, up through Canada. And then once I'm. It's kind of. It's kind of a hectic period of time when I'm up there because I'm seeing people in. Anchorage and then I'm doing telehealth, and then I'm going to Fairbanks for some weeks and trying to pack in Alaska stuff while I'm filming there. I think. Probably fall like when I return. We could chat again, Chris. I see this as a very low possibility for me at this time. I mean, I really. I just want to be as clear. And I know. And I know you know, I did sales many years ago. Let's try to overcome.
Christopher Hume: Objection.
Jeffrey Bayless: You know, when I think about just absorbing the cost for it, Because that's what it would mean. It would mean, like, hey, I'm taking on this spend. And if I'm lucky, I can get people to agree to, like I said, some kind of reduction from their net income. But then that would be selling them on it, right? And I don't have the freaking bandwidth to do that, man. Like, I'm selling them, but if you want to. But, you know, it's the kind of thing, when I think about, as we grow, who knows, we may convert to some kind of staggered W2 model where people, you know. So. And if that's the case. Maybe. Right.
Jeffrey Bayless: So, yeah, if you want to put me down for. For to touch base with me in October, I expect to get back from Alaska probably in the middle of November. And that would, you know, so, like, six months or so seven months.
Christopher Hume: We're not going anywhere, Jeff.
Jeffrey Bayless: I know you're not. And that's, again, like, I, you know, that's why I wanted. I don't know. I wanted to just see again what kind of advancements you guys had made. I was really thinking more about me on an individual level, but this is, again, pretty cool. And have you guys integrated any kind of telehealth capability? If you're really trying to go that next step? I'll tell you my biggest frustration with therapy notes is their telehealth platform is dogshit.
Christopher Hume: Excuse me.
Jeffrey Bayless: Yeah, it's just so bad. So much so that I have a doxy me account.
Jeffrey Bayless: Oh, my God. Backup.
Christopher Hume: Behind the curtain. Jeff is we had one weekend months ago where we developed the beta feature for that. And it just hasn't. We've been rolling out some other features. We need to sit down and quality check it before it goes up to the customers. I would be shocked if it's not something we're offering.
Jeffrey Bayless: By fall, as much pain is involved in migrating from one aehr to another, which I did a little over two or three years ago. If you guys had that function, you know what I mean? I'm probably willing to spend a little bit more per month than, like, my contract with therapy notes, which I would if I was y'all. I'd be charging a little, you know, based on how comprehensive this is. But that would be where this might plug in as a solution for me, where it's. Like, okay, I'm paying therapy now. It's, you know, 250 bucks a month. Well, if we go to 500 bucks a month, With what, you know, I could maybe see the value there if it was, if it was able to be used. So who knows, maybe in October, when we're talking about. We're talking about some of those new features that kind of open up as more of a complete ehr.
Christopher Hume: Yes, I certainly hope. Kind of. Certainly. By October that we. Yeah, we're kind of meeting.
Christopher Hume: Check where I'm coming from.
Jeffrey Bayless: Have you gotten that feedback from other people?
Christopher Hume: Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. The ehr. The. Almost there, but we just need a few more features. So the. The big one we're proud of was E Prescription. That was kind of a. Challenge to get set up. But we did that a few months ago, and we got some unique.
Jeffrey Bayless: We got some unique barriers that probably, like, you know, and I don't know if you have somebody here and you need to go. But there's so many little intricacy like we can't use. I can't use an integrated. E prescribing with therapy notes because they limit you to one prescribing location. And I have to be able to prescribe from these different states or the pharmacists and people get, you know, all. In a huff about why is this guy from Nevada prescribing at all to this guy up in Alaska? Right. And they won't fill it. So we've had to stay with a standalone doctor First Arcopia account so that I can select each prescribing location when I'm seeing different. And nobody's been able to provide that along the way anyway.
Christopher Hume: No, that's great feedback. I need to make sure that we can. Yeah, we we don't face that issue. But, yeah, I can imagine how frustrating that is. You're trying to put in a prescription. You're like, oh, my gosh, come on, I'm licensed.
Jeffrey Bayless: Yeah, the farmers, they don't. And then it becomes a When did you last see the patient in person? And that's. Part of why I go up to Alaska every year in Scottsdale and Vegas and all that. Anyway, reach out to me in October and we'll chat again. Okay?
Christopher Hume: That sounds great, Jeff. Yeah. Enjoy your time in Alaska. Sounds great.
Jeffrey Bayless: Yeah. Thanks, man.
Christopher Hume: Good meeting you. Yeah. Great to meet you. Bye. Bye.
Jeffrey Bayless: Bye.