Pamela Gatfield: And then I finally saw that thing asked to join. I don't know why I didn't see it. It's huge.
Jack Waugh: It's all.
Pamela Gatfield: No problem there at all. I'm on my computer. I came on here because my computer was taking forever to warm up today. But. I would like to be on the computer while we're doing it.
Jack Waugh: So yeah, absolutely.
Pamela Gatfield: But yeah. I could talk like, should I pull up. My work platform or should I pull up just my email and have you on here? What do you think?
Jack Waugh: So I would pull up whatever platform you want to use jot cycle on. That's what I start with because then we can first make sure you have your trial account created and then we can go from there with it.
Pamela Gatfield: So how much is the monthly fee for this for the job?
Jack Waugh: Sake? Well, it's a good question. It depends on a couple things. So I want to make sure I can give you a good answer on that.
Jack Waugh: It depends on a couple of things that you're looking for with your clinic. So we'll definitely talk about that today. But for starters at least, I can give you the trials. That way you can at least follow along with everything as I'm showing you this in the demo. So you asked, is it good to use it on your work computer? Is that what you're asking?
Pamela Gatfield: Yeah, so on my computer, this is the only. Platform I use for my work. I am contracted with this company. And it's a very, very simple, the main thing that I. Want to, oh my goodness. See. The main thing that I want to do is let's just say if I pull up anybody, but I want to get the form, I want to get the form up. So now, okay, go back to calendar. I'll just take like somebody. In the future. That I have not seen. Okay. Like this. Okay, take this person. I've never seen. And I say create note. Okay. And then of course, the big note, the pain in the butt is the initial assessment. Right? But I think it's super, it's super basic. Okay.
Pamela Gatfield: I think that it just, it just has the minimum, you know, what Medicare requires for us. It's generating it. Okay. So of course, you know, we just have the time and date and whatnot and who saw who my name. And I'm rebooking the client how many minutes. The billing code for 60 minutes initial assessment. And then none of that stuff were too much. It's virtual. Okay, so then you come down here and it's got their diagnosis and then it like diagnosis one and diagnosis two. If there is two, I don't know what my computer's doing. Okay. Must be, it's probably the way I touch the screen. Okay. And then presenting problem. And then these are all just easy to, I can fill these in like they're, they're a behavior and they're their speech and all that stuff. And then the main part that goes on and on is. Okay. Is. Okay up to date on screen. Okay, so identification, that's the basics about them. History of presenting problem, psychiatric history, trauma history family psychiatric history, medical conditions current, are there any current medical conditions, substance abuse, family history, social history, religion, developmental history, educational history, legal like that. Okay. So I'm thinking. That's, this is the only company I've ever worked with, so I don't have really anything to compare it to, but I imagine that this seems very standard, right?
Jack Waugh: Is that kind of yes. Yeah, exactly. So it looks like the format you're looking at is standard. So my question for you is this company you're on. With this. This is like ideally is the goal to use something like JotSych to work alongside it so that you can have like a more like an easier time with the notes and kind of crafting notes or what's like the ideal
Pamela Gatfield: kind of okay, the ideal situation would be, and I've seen this on commercials like I have a recorder and we record the initial assessment and I go, you know, during the assessment time, I ask ask them these questions and they talk to me, right? Yep. And sometimes they talk blah blah blah blah blah. I was born. Oh my God, no. Sometimes I get too deep, right? And I anyway, I talked to them, I asked them, let's just say there's 12 main questions, right? I make sure I hit on each of those. And I is listening and then it could formulate, it could fill in that stuff for me. Like it could. Fill in that stuff for me and then I'm not as stressed out about the next time I meet with them because that is like a little follow up one and usually all the stuff on here populates on the next one. Right. So it's kind of already there. So it's just, you know, I keep getting. I told them I want to, you know, I'm one of those practitioners that works for a company and they'll give you as many people as you can handle. So they just keep giving me lots of new people. And I don't know.
Jack Waugh: Yeah, well that makes a lot of sense. I mean it basically sounds like you're wanting that to be a situation where you just hit the record button. It kind of does the work for you. Like the notes there. And that's actually kind of what we do. That's kind of our sweet spot is we're built to be used exactly like that. And I'll show you how that works in a second. But basically, so you have a little context about JotSyc and kind of who we are and what we do. You know, we're one of the few, I think we might be the only one of the few, if any, that of the behavioral health scribes that are actually trained on notes that were more likely to get approved through insurance for mental health clinicians. So what that means is the notes we have have language that's like hyper accurate and specific to what psych professionals need them for.
Pamela Gatfield: I love that. Initial one in the presenting problem or some of the first subjective objective in the one of the first boxes where you're saying what the problem is. That's where it would be really nice because I've seen other younger clinicians notes and I'm like dang and I know it has to be AI because it'll be like the client has. And then and then it goes specifically and then it lays out all the things for the general anxiety disorder three days or more of ditto. Like that's perfect. Because I told my company. Are you going to get AI program for our platform? Because if you don't. Medicare is going to start using it. And they're going to flag everything.
Jack Waugh: You know what I'm saying?
Pamela Gatfield: Like we need to be proactive and implement this before we start getting our stuff rejected.
Jack Waugh: Right, exactly and avoiding those kind of denied claims and all of that. That's the best possible scenario. So yeah, I totally hear that. Well, why don't I do this? I can, I'm going to share my screen in a second. And why don't you want to sign up for a quick trial, you can follow along. That way you have like a context for what we're doing and can kind of like follow me as I'm doing it. So why don't I send you a quick link so you can. Do that. Email or text better?
Pamela Gatfield: I think email.
Jack Waugh: Okay, cool. Let me go ahead and send that to you. Okay. Okay. So email, I have pam dot gatfield58@yahoo.com. Yep.
Pamela Gatfield: Oh my gosh. I just went on Yahoo and it says this page isn't working right now.
Jack Waugh: Seriously.
Pamela Gatfield: That was probably that's now I'm looking at this. Yahoo mail. Okay. I was looking at the. String and it said UK Yahoo. I don't know how I got on that. Mail. All right, go ahead.
Jack Waugh: Yeah, you should see it in there.
Pamela Gatfield: I got it.
Jack Waugh: Okay, perfect. Yeah. So you're going to click on that and there will be a try for free button.
Pamela Gatfield: Ing the link.
Jack Waugh: Yeah, take your time.
Pamela Gatfield: I've just been putting off doing this.
Pamela Gatfield: I mean because like I always take on too much stuff. Okay. Should we do the request for demo or try for free or what?
Pamela Gatfield: Yeah, you can just do try for free.
Jack Waugh: And that should take you to a link that'll prompt you for like your name and email.
Pamela Gatfield: Okay, so I got it log in.
Jack Waugh: And Pam, also I wanted to ask you, so obviously ease of the process is big for you. Are you like, are you spending a lot of time on creating notes in general?
Pamela Gatfield: In your day to day? Yeah, it's a nightmare. I and I'm only working 18 hours.
Jack Waugh: A week.
Pamela Gatfield: And then, but every single second. Like they're, let's just assume most of them are on video, right? They're on Zoom and they're staring right at me and the really intense ones. Like I've never been good at dividing up my attention. And if it's something that's repetitive and redundant. Yeah, I can talk to you and, you know, do that stuff. But I just, it's very hard for me to listen to them and pay attention and write a note at the same time. It would be ideal. When I worked in the clinic I did. And I'm like, why can't I do this? I don't know.
Jack Waugh: I don't know.
Pamela Gatfield: Okay.
Jack Waugh: Gotcha. Yeah. So a lot of people like who switched to us end up finding they'll save up to like eight hours a week on their note taking time just because it ends up saving people a ton of time there.
Pamela Gatfield: Yeah. Okay, so let me say it's not that it's. Okay. So on a bad week, it might be like six, seven hours.
Jack Waugh: Yeah, it might be.
Pamela Gatfield: On a bad week if I get three or four new clients and I have to do like four of those. Plus I have to do all the rest of them, the regular weekly note.
Jack Waugh: You know what I mean? Then it.
Pamela Gatfield: S kind of a bummer.
Jack Waugh: Yep. This is a common complaint we get all the time. So it's something we definitely love helping people with that just because it's, you know, the difference before and after that we get to see from people is like night and day. So. Cool. I'll give you a second to log in there.
Pamela Gatfield: Well, I just set up the password and it said, okay. And then I, and now I'm putting the password and it says wrong email or password. I don't know what I did wrong. I don't know.
Jack Waugh: You might just have to verify your email. You could try looking in your email to see if it's verified. Otherwise I can walk you through. Because. You're in the system now.
Pamela Gatfield: So myself, and I'm sure, I'm sure. Everybody else feels the same. Is. I don't see. Email.
Jack Waugh: Would you mind, are you able to show me if you want to point the camera at what you're seeing? Because maybe I could help you get that. I want to make sure it doesn't.
Pamela Gatfield: I just see your name. With the old email. I'm not seeing one to reset the. To reset the thing.
Jack Waugh: You could try forgot password to see if that works. Maybe you just have to set it if for some reason it didn't.
Pamela Gatfield: Yeah. Yeah, I did. I said I hit the thing and said reset my password. And it says, okay, we're sending you an email and there's no email here. There's no. Oh.
Jack Waugh: You know what I might know it might have happened when you were signing up just there. Did you go to a login screen or did it take you like to a sign up screen where it said, what's your name? Do you want to refer to them as client or provider?
Pamela Gatfield: Did it take you to that? Okay, no, I didn't go to that screen. That's what it is.
Jack Waugh: Yeah, so you probably went to the sign in screen, but we got to take you to the actual create an account screen. So let me get that exact link for you. Okay. So if you don't mind, do you see on that jot psych, that main website page again? I'm going to do this with you in another tab to make sure I can actually see what you're seeing. So you see that try for free button at the top.
Pamela Gatfield: Okay, hold on. Let me get back to that screen.
Jack Waugh: Sure.
Pamela Gatfield: Okay, hold on. I got to go back to the link again. Okay. Okay, so try for free.
Jack Waugh: Try for free. And then it should take you to say like welcome to the jot psych and then you click login. And when you get to that login page, you see how it says don't have an account sign up below. I'll share with you. I'll show you what I'm seeing here.
Pamela Gatfield: Yeah.
Jack Waugh: I saw it. Yeah, so it should say sign up and you click that rather than the login.
Pamela Gatfield: Okay.
Jack Waugh: So.
Pamela Gatfield: It. S and then HIPAA whatever.
Jack Waugh: Welcome to.
Pamela Gatfield: Okay.
Jack Waugh: You click that and then scroll down a little. Keep scrolling. Okay. You see don't have an account question mark sign up. Yep. And now it should. Yep, now it should work for you.
Pamela Gatfield: Okay. Because I think that's the screen I did last time. Okay.
Jack Waugh: Yeah. If it doesn't, then I'll then let me know and. And I'll. I'll troubleshoot that with you. I have a feeling it'll work, but I could be wrong.
Pamela Gatfield: Okay. Oh boy, it needs a number also. Okay. Okay. Okay, hold on. Better.
Pamela Gatfield: Take your time. Okay. That should be fine. Continue.
Jack Waugh: So where are you based around.
Pamela Gatfield: I'm in Florida. Physically in Florida.
Pamela Gatfield: So pretty cool. But I'm licensed in three states.
Jack Waugh: So.
Pamela Gatfield: Awesome with all kinds of people.
Jack Waugh: Yeah, I want to went to school for a year in Florida. I went to U Miami my freshman year of college.
Pamela Gatfield: Miami, huh? Oh my gosh. Is there, is there housing there?
Jack Waugh: There was, I was, I mean, I was on like on campus because that was like my first year of college. I ended up transferring to school in New York because there was stuff I wanted to do up there. But, but, yeah, I was in like a campus housing. But. Long time ago.
Pamela Gatfield: Okay. Good. I'm glad because I housing would be a nightmare. Okay, so what is the terms of service? Is it like, how long is the trial period?
Jack Waugh: Probably two weeks? So as far as the terms of service, you can look through it. I think it's pretty standard.
Pamela Gatfield: Okay. And then like how long, okay, a couple weeks, right? And then when did they start charging you and how do they start charging you?
Pamela Gatfield: And do I have to enter all of my billing information in here?
Jack Waugh: No, no, you don't have to do that yet. There are things we can give you, like a discount if you want to go past the trial, but, but you don't have, this isn't like locking you into any payment yet or anything like that.
Pamela Gatfield: Okay.
Jack Waugh: This is just so you can follow along with me as I'm doing the demo. So it actually like makes sense where everything is.
Jack Waugh: Otherwise it might be like, you know, I don't want it to be like, oh, I'm going to do this later. And like, we're, you know, where is everything? It's always different when you use a new software.
Pamela Gatfield: Well, that's cool. I think those recorder buttons are big enough. Right.
Jack Waugh: Nice and easy for you.
Pamela Gatfield: Okay, so that's where you record your first encounter.
Jack Waugh: Okay, cool. So you're in the login now, I'm assuming.
Pamela Gatfield: Yeah.
Jack Waugh: Okay.
Pamela Gatfield: Management profile. Okay. Cool.
Jack Waugh: And.
Pamela Gatfield: Okay, so the first time. When I'm seeing somebody, I open this. And then I hit the record button, right?
Jack Waugh: Yeah. So I can show you that. I'm sorry.
Jack Waugh: Yep, you hit the button.
Pamela Gatfield: Uh-huh.
Jack Waugh: Yeah, exactly. It cut out there for a second. I.
Jack Waugh: So what you can do is see this little record window here. Yes. You're going to click on that. And then this is like, let's say a new patient walks in, you would go to intake.
Pamela Gatfield: Hold on. This isn't very big. I can't make it. Okay, what page are you on right now?
Jack Waugh: So what I did is I scrolled over here to this recording window. I don't know if you can see my screen that I'm sharing.
Pamela Gatfield: A recording window. Yeah. Okay.
Jack Waugh: And then I'm going and I'm selecting the type of appointment, right? So in this case, we might be on an intake. With a new patient. So I select that. You can type in the patient's name up here if you want to. Some people like to leave it blank. It's up to you. And then you just hit this little purple start recording button here.
Pamela Gatfield: Okay, so I see. Okay, you're hitting on the menu that is next to the little hourglass thing. I mean. The thing and I hit that and it says schedule clients documentation notes, right? All that stuff. Right. And then the record button you're talking about is the.
Jack Waugh: Yeah, it's in the top here. See on this like little menu bar like schedule patients documentation billing and auditing your practice and then record at the end of that menu.
Pamela Gatfield: Okay. So let me. Have you see mine doesn't have that. Toolbar that you're looking at.
Jack Waugh: Let me check this out. Might be because you have a new.
Jack Waugh: Account this way so you can formatting it to your computer tab. So see the little hamburger menu over to the left.
Pamela Gatfield: Yes. Yes.
Jack Waugh: Uh-huh. So if you click on that. And then scroll down a little bit.
Pamela Gatfield: Okay.
Jack Waugh: Ah, there it is. There's record.
Pamela Gatfield: Oh, okay. All right. So should I hit it?
Jack Waugh: Yep, yep, you can click that. Perfect. Okay, so what you're going to do now is. Let's see here. So see where it says attach client.
Pamela Gatfield: Yeah.
Jack Waugh: So that's where you would just type in the name of your client.
Pamela Gatfield: Okay.
Jack Waugh: And then there should, you should see if you scroll down a record button somewhere or like an intake. Like it'll say like appointment type.
Pamela Gatfield: Okay, so let's say I click one of these. I have three minutes for tutorial. Okay, I'm sorry. Where does it say appointment type?
Jack Waugh: I just have to scroll down. That's okay. No problem.
Pamela Gatfield: Naval microphone. Is that okay? And then. E prescribe now available. Okay, that doesn't count to me, right?
Jack Waugh: Prescribing. If not if unless you need to e-prescribe, then no, not for right now. Okay.
Pamela Gatfield: So.
Jack Waugh: Cool. So you can just X out of that for the for the tutorial part. Below that. A few.
Pamela Gatfield: And then you can click that thing. Okay.
Jack Waugh: So now what you're going to do is scroll down again. And then enable microphone. I think you have to click this for the other things to come up. And then you can click allow there. Okay, perfect. Now it'll show you what you actually. So if you scroll back up a little bit. See where it says counseling session. So that's where you're going to select the type of appointment. So this is like how we know what template to format your note to. Recording to. So you might want to scroll and like look for like intake because I know that's what you were saying was taking up the most time for you.
Pamela Gatfield: There you go.
Jack Waugh: And then from there, you don't have to do anything else. You just click that start record button on that screen. It might be at the top now. But. Yep, there it is. Okay. And we'll let that go for a second, but I'll just show you what obviously we won't walk through a whole patient encounter today. But I'll just show you the process. So like when your patient walks out, you just hit end recording. And then see that generate note button. It's that little purple thing at the top of the screen. Yeah. Then you'll click that when you're ready for it to generate the note. Okay. And then it'll create the note for you. So obviously today we don't have the time to do a full note. So it's not going to create like a real note for you right now. But I can actually show you if you go over to your notes on your tablet there. I can show you what some example notes we have in there look like.
Jack Waugh: Um, so hamburger menu again. And then see notes under doc. Yep. Let's see if there should be one in there. No, that's the fake one it just did for you there.
Pamela Gatfield: Okay, go ahead.
Jack Waugh: Oh no, no, that's okay. Try scrolling over to that one more time like documentation notes. If you don't have any in there, I'll share one on my screen so you can see what it looks like.
Pamela Gatfield: I did the wrong thing documentation. And notes.
Jack Waugh: Right. So just click on that. Oh yeah, so scroll down a little bit. Oh yeah, under all notes. And then let's see. Oh no, that's right. Let me look and find see what you're seeing here. Yeah, it should be. Oh, I see a section that says my notes. It actually might not be there. It might be, you might have to scroll down a little bit.
Pamela Gatfield: Yeah, my notes. There's three all notes.
Jack Waugh: And then if you keep scrolling down. Keep going, keep going. Okay, keep scrolling, keep scrolling. Okay, jot sec example therapy note. So this is like a good example. And what does it say for template there? Does it tell you a template type?
Pamela Gatfield: Yeah. Soap, which is great. I think mine's probably subjective, objective, blah, blah, blah. Yeah, I think it's probably closest to like soap maybe.
Jack Waugh: Sure.
Pamela Gatfield: So we can add my templates. I can add them. Oh my gosh. What is under there? Okay. Fail to add.
Jack Waugh: I'll show you. Yeah, I'll show you how to do that. That's because you have to set one up. You want to do a custom one. But if you scroll down here, you should see what's not scrolling down.
Pamela Gatfield: What is it doing? Why is it not scrolling down from here?
Jack Waugh: Like, okay.
Pamela Gatfield: That's it. It just has the soap therapy.
Jack Waugh: Yeah, that's strange. I don't know why that's coming up with that, but let's see if I can help you.
Pamela Gatfield: Let me see if this makes it scroll down. Is that it? Yes. I have a very small screen.
Jack Waugh: Typically.
Pamela Gatfield: Okay, so you know what's happening here.
Jack Waugh: Typically, I don't think this will show up this way. I think it's because it's an example note. It's wanting you to like tell it which type to create. But I'll show you here. I'll show you on my screen what this actually looks like. So you can get an idea of what the.
Pamela Gatfield: Note.
Jack Waugh: But typically, I don't think it'll show up like that. So. Here is okay. Can you see my screen here? Okay.
Pamela Gatfield: Yeah. I mean, it's small because it's on my phone, but yeah, it has a summer. See, like chief complaint could be presenting problem.
Jack Waugh: We have the HPI here.
Pamela Gatfield: What is HPI?
Jack Waugh: That's like an overview of everything for the patient.
Pamela Gatfield: So like, oh, history of presenting problems. I don't know.
Jack Waugh: History presenting illness yet.
Pamela Gatfield: Okay.
Jack Waugh: Medication. So if you make a change to their medication, we'll automatically register that here.
Pamela Gatfield: Or if it's okay. Great.
Jack Waugh: Yeah. And then sleep, test and scores, assessment. Safety assessment here.
Pamela Gatfield: That's perfect. That's wonderful.
Jack Waugh: Yeah. And it's already formatted, so it's already set up for you to just look over and then copy and paste. You don't have to do too much with it. And then also cool will automatic DSM and ICD codes. I don't know if that's something you have to do on your end.
Pamela Gatfield: But okay.
Jack Waugh: We'll kind of pull those up for you if that's something you need. And then follow up email. We'll just generate that automatically. So you have a follow up email that you can send to your patient based on the recording. Wow.
Pamela Gatfield: That's why I'm going to have to get really specific about the. Knuckle down now and get really specific with my clients while I'm talking to them.
Jack Waugh: You know what I'm saying? Not necessarily. Here's the thing. You can continue doing the sessions and the way you like to do them. This note will just fill in what you want it to do, basically.
Jack Waugh: So if you don't want to be this detailed or if you want to leave a section less detailed, you can always instruct the template to do that later. But you shouldn't have to change your current process too much. Because what you can also do is let's say some of these sessions aren't as relevant. Then you can just check the ones you do want to copy over and just hit copy selected sections.
Pamela Gatfield: Okay.
Jack Waugh: So just to pause there really quickly, does that, does that make sense so far?
Pamela Gatfield: Yeah, it does. And your program. Is not pretty simplistic. You know what I mean? I guess that's a good part about being a therapist is they always make everything super simple for us.
Jack Waugh: And that's, you know, it's our goal to continue to add to that as much as we can. And with burden off of you so you don't have to get bogged down in paperwork all day.
Pamela Gatfield: So. Yeah, okay, so my point that I was making earlier is that like you get paid X amount per your contract with the company, there's tons of companies out there, right? And then you contact with them and you're getting paid per hour. So really ultimately you would want to nail it in as much as you can, as close as you can to the time you spend with the, with the client. You don't want to be, if you spend a whole hour with them, which, you know, you're required to get full payment. Well, 53 minutes. And then, and then you have to go back and spend over an hour in paperwork. Then you're getting paid half as much. And it's a bummer. It's a bummer, Jack. It's a bummer.
Jack Waugh: I hear that.
Jack Waugh: Well, yeah, I mean, again, super common complaint that we have and you know, that's something I think we're good at helping people do. So that's something also to keep in mind when you're using jot psych is like, okay, if you are using an AI scribe and paying for that every month, if you're getting that much more time back, that's also time that you can now fill with another patient. So you actually can be earning money on that hour.
Pamela Gatfield: So, or you could go swimming
Jack Waugh: in the pool or you can go actually enjoy part of your day and not have your margarita an hour earlier or something.
Jack Waugh: That is, that sounds like honestly, I'm away with it right there with you.
Pamela Gatfield: Yeah. Cool.
Jack Waugh: Show you one other feature that might be helpful. Do you like, are you finding you're spending a lot of time? Like do you have to write a lot of like clinical documents for patients or things like that, like a prior authorization letter or maybe like an animal support letter or anything like that.
Pamela Gatfield: Not so far. No, I do have one that it's going to get pretty, they have paperwork from Social Security and different things that I'll fill in, but I'm not going to be doing that till November. That's like a one time once a year thing. So that's not, that's not a big deal. No, no, there hasn't, that stuff hasn't come up yet as far as the.
Jack Waugh: Yeah, not yet.
Jack Waugh: Well, that's fine. If you ever did, I can show you this another time, but there's a setting that we have on here. We'll, we'll just write you one automatically for the patient. It's like you click two buttons and it just outputs a whole like clinical argument for them.
Pamela Gatfield: So that's nice.
Jack Waugh: Huge time saver. Yeah, definitely helps people who are finding they have to write a lot of those. So, but yeah, any, so while we're talking today, any other things that I can walk you through or any other things that you were hoping jots like would be able to do or does this look pretty much like what you're kind of looking for?
Pamela Gatfield: This kind of this does. How do I get my face on the screen so I could.
Jack Waugh: Oh yeah, I think if you just have to hit the flip camera button.
Pamela Gatfield: Yeah, but it's got me.
Jack Waugh: I don't know, there's like a little button next to the camera button at the bottom of the screen. It says like video settings like a little.
Pamela Gatfield: No, not what I have because I have three things open right now. Anyway. It doesn't matter. Okay. Okay. So here's my dream dream. And I know everybody's going to tell you this. Is for someone like you. To meet with these different companies, right to. Contact total life and tell them that you could make integrated into their platform. That would be. Amazing. You know what I'm saying so that we can, it'll just be like whatever we put in and is going to be, you know, plugged in to those spaces. And that way they can pay you for it. A lot. Like a lot because they have hundreds of therapists. You know what I'm saying?
Jack Waugh: So right. Yeah. Like having like the EHR and the scribe integrated kind of yes.
Pamela Gatfield: Is that ever going to be coming down the road, you think?
Jack Waugh: Or no we actually have been doing more integrations. I can definitely check if we integrate with yours specifically. Um here's the good thing in case we don't. This is set up to be. It's set up to be used in a way where it basically feels like it's integrated even if for some reason we don't.
Pamela Gatfield: So what that means is this.
Jack Waugh: If you have like let's say you have a specific like set of sections in a certain order on your EHR that you use, you can order the note here to follow that exact format. So it's just copy and pasting exactly like it is in there.
Pamela Gatfield: Okay. Okay. And that's fine. That's fine. That's good too. That's, you know, until we, but I think the future is hooking up with these companies so that you can. Get a big fat contract.
Jack Waugh: Yeah, definitely.
Jack Waugh: Well that makes a lot of sense. And you know, you know, since you're mentioning that, I don't know, like is your company. As far as like billing goes do they handle all that stuff?
Pamela Gatfield: Yes. So and this, this is mainly why this would be an easy company to integrate because here's why. Because on the company side of it, they take care of all the advertising, all the billing, all the insurance. They have a whole staff there that's ready to contact the client if I need to cancel something. It's like I have a whole staff for me. All. We have to do. And there isn't a bunch of different insurances even. It's all like Medicare because it's for seniors.
Jack Waugh: For seniors.
Pamela Gatfield: Right? Right. So it's really simple because I tried signing up with other companies and they were like, they had spreadsheets with all these insurances and another company was like. Wanting me to do advertising in psychology today and that, you know, they were wanting me to put a big net out on all these places for to get clients. And they were wanting me to, you know, all the, all the people have different insurances and some of them pay used this much and some pay you that I don't want that. I just want the straight like Medicare pays $167 an hour. And that's that. You know what I'm saying? Absolutely. So, and then it's ba boom, boom, boom, boom, you know, and we split it kind of down the middle.
Jack Waugh: You know?
Pamela Gatfield: Um, how much, yeah. So it's just the simplest one. Because I am 67 and I'm supposed to be fully retired. I'm only three days a week.
Pamela Gatfield: So the reality.
Jack Waugh: Well, maybe we can help you get that down to two or two and a half, you know, as far as shaving off some of the time on the nodes. That's my, my goal for you.
Jack Waugh: And I'm also excited because I know now maybe that martini time can come a little bit earlier in the day.
Pamela Gatfield: So that's right.
Jack Waugh: I always consider that a win if we could help someone with that.
Pamela Gatfield: So awesome.
Jack Waugh: Well, yeah. So Pam, what I can do for you then, you have the two, the two week trial. So on top of that, I can also give you a discount month for $20. I think that gives you like 45 days to kind of keep using it. And that way you can see what it can do for you and really keep getting the most out of it.
Pamela Gatfield: Does that sound good? Yeah, that sounds good.
Jack Waugh: Cool. Let me go ahead and walk you through that. You see where it says billing. At the top of the screen here.
Pamela Gatfield: Yes billing. Yes billing codes.
Jack Waugh: I mean, yes, it's billing or I'm sorry. Hang on your practice. It's right at the top of the screen.
Pamela Gatfield: Okay, so. Like in here.
Jack Waugh: Or do you see my.
Jack Waugh: Where am I at the top of the screen? So I can see yours? So you're going to want to go back up to the very top. Oh, I'm sorry. You have to go over to the left menu. That's right because you're on the tablet. It's always going to be in that little hamburger menu over to the left.
Pamela Gatfield: Okay. So, oh, all right, I'll shell do that. Okay.
Pamela Gatfield: So where is my practice going down a little bit?
Jack Waugh: Here we go.
Pamela Gatfield: Clinic documents, patient payments, patient settings. A little bit above. Your subscription.
Jack Waugh: Yeah, your subscription right there.
Pamela Gatfield: Okay.
Jack Waugh: So click on that. And then it should say, okay, so you're going to click the add payment method. And then once your card is in there, I'll go ahead and approve you for the discount.
Pamela Gatfield: Let's see your subscription or nine days and then add the payment at the end of the nine days. Is that okay?
Jack Waugh: I actually have to do it when we're on the call here. That's the only time I can approve the discount.
Pamela Gatfield: That's to give you an extra month. Yeah.
Jack Waugh: So that'll give you the two weeks. And then on top of that, exactly on top of that, you'll get like a full month. So it's like 45 days total.
Pamela Gatfield: Okay. So if I don't do that right now, do I can I have it for the nine days?
Jack Waugh: Or not? You can still have, you can still have the trial if you want. The reason we do the discount is just so you get a chance to really use it fully past that. But what we can also do is this. We could meet again. The part of why I'm mentioning this is I want to make sure I can actually get you this because sometimes in the new year, we don't always offer the same discounts month to month.
Pamela Gatfield: So I want to make sure
Jack Waugh: that's there for you while we're talking at least. But what I can do is we can meet again next week. So if I approve you for that today, we can talk again. So that way you don't feel like you're getting blindsided by a charge. You know, case. Does that sound fair enough?
Pamela Gatfield: That sounds better because I have just been, I'm at a really unique financial situation and like two months ago I did a bankruptcy. I have had, I got rid of all my credit cards last year, like a year ago. Okay. And I have been paying off the IRS and I've been paying off everybody and everything is accounted for. And right now at this moment two weeks, like a week and a half ago, I set up my LLC business account. And it is empty. And then right now. And then my regular account, of course, I have my regular account and I just hired on a accounting thing that's going to process all my payments. With taxes and that stuff. And so it's a lot of things going on. And right now my personal account's almost empty and the other one is on zero and the bank is like, you got to add money. Like money's going in there for the first time. Tomorrow, like the end of the month, right? Is they the 30th or the 29th?
Jack Waugh: Um, I think today's the 30th.
Pamela Gatfield: Okay. So yeah, it's a 30th. So tomorrow I hope. And I don't even know. I just signed up with a firm. It's just like, I've got to talk to my, in fact, I was just looking at my stuff and my CPA is like, you need to do this. So it's stressing me out just while I'm even talking to you. Because there's more stuff I have to do to integrate. That accounting company into my bank account. So there's just so much going on. I don't want to add another thing to it. You know what I mean? I don't want it at this moment.
Jack Waugh: Yeah, I totally understand that. Like when you have like a lot of charges coming in, it can feel a bit overwhelming and like, you know, there's a lot of different things, a lot of different fires at the same time. So I totally understand that. I do want to ask you this though. Do you think $20 for a month might be worth it to try so you can at least get some of your time back and that way you don't have all of those things going on at the same time.
Pamela Gatfield: So yeah, I think that probably that would be a good amount.
Pamela Gatfield: That be a good amount. I just wish here's what I wish. I just wish I had a credit card to put it on. So it's like separate and it's just, you know what I mean? Like I don't have to worry about money in money out right now. And I am going to be getting. My bank card, my I'm getting a debit card from my business account. Oh cool. And this would be perfect for that because anything having to do with my business, I need to put on that bank card with my business account and I haven't even gotten that in the mail yet. I'm probably going to get it in like another five days. So that's why I'm wanting to wait until I can make it all. Come out of that account.
Jack Waugh: You know? Well, I tell you what I can do. I can meet you halfway on this and you can tell me if this works for you. You know, I could at least get you approved today for the card you have now. That way just because I don't know if we're going to offer this discount forever. And then you and I can meet again. Like next week after you've had a chance to use this and make some notes. And then if for some reason you're like, Jack, I can't stand Jotzy. This isn't going to work for me. I'll just get you canceled and you'll never even get charged. But at least now while we have the discount, I can at least help you get set up with it.
Pamela Gatfield: So you don't, you know, lose again on Friday. I mean, it shouldn't take as long. Like, so I can just try using it this week.
Pamela Gatfield: And then yeah, let's just do that.
Jack Waugh: Sure. Let me just check my calendar for Friday. How is actually how is Friday around 3 p.m. eastern?
Pamela Gatfield: Would that work? That's fine. That I think that's, let me I'll check my calendar real quick. So Friday is going to be the third. It's empty. Okay, it's good. So I'll. Three.
Jack Waugh: An email for that as well. And yeah, if you're able to see if you can make at least like five notes or so by then, if that's possible because then you can really get a feel and I can like answer any questions.
Pamela Gatfield: We can go for it. I will. I mean, I have. I have appointments lined up. Quite a few and I'll do. I'll try to do that one new one that I have for an initial and then I'll try to do several of the. Ongoing notes. You know what I mean like the weekly.
Jack Waugh: Yeah. Yes. Yeah, that's great. Okay. So I'm sending you that email now. Uh, hang on one second. Here.
Pamela Gatfield: Eastern. I put you in for three o'clock Eastern on Friday.
Jack Waugh: Perfect. Yeah. And you should have an email for me now. So that'll be in there and we'll, we'll talk then. But anyway, in the meantime, yeah, Pam, really excited for you to start saving all this time on your notes. I think you're going to find it's like a huge weight lifted, but I'm excited to hear how it's going for you.
Pamela Gatfield: I'm excited for my notes to be more. Compliant.
Jack Waugh: Too. Yeah.
Pamela Gatfield: That's, I know that's a big pain. Other therapists that are like, they're young and they're like. Oh my God, they hire people that are in school that are like, this is a supervised thing. And anyway, so they are have to, their, their licensed person, their supervisor is looking over all their notes and they have to be bloom, bloom, bloom, bloom, bloom, bloom. Well, I can tell they're using AI because the way that they're so like perfect and they're like, this person has this and that problem and it lines out every single thing that's in the DSM in the, you know. So anyway, all right. Well, we'll see how that goes.
Jack Waugh: Okay. Ari, I'll talk to you Friday. Thanks Pam. All right.
Pamela Gatfield: Thank you. Bye. Back here. Stop. Okay. Oh my God, come on. What are you doing?