Christopher Hume: Hey, Felicia.
Felicia Bush: Hi, how are you?
Christopher Hume: Wonderful. How are you? Nice to meet you.
Felicia Bush: Nice to meet you, Felicia.
Emily Kaiser: I know we've spoken on the phone before. I don't think we've ever seen each other.
Felicia Bush: So nice to see you.
Emily Kaiser: Nice to meet you. This is Chris, he's our chief of staff here at JOT Psych. So he's going to kind of help guide us in the direction of where we want to be. But we'd like to know a little bit more information about kind of where you want to be. As far as it sounds like there's multiple people at your practice who have individual drops like accounts.
Felicia Bush: There's a just two of us. We were trying it out. My son Tyler, he got his own. His name's Robert Davis. He's going to join us. I just sent him the link and then, and then I had my own account and I had my oldest daughter who's our psychologist. I had her check it out and try using it because I. I have trouble with it honestly because I do mostly family sessions and it doesn't do a good job figuring out who's who and what's what. So I wasn't used. I said try this though because I have a couple of therapists. I have one in particular who his. The notes are just awful. And I was at the end of my rope with him so I don't know what just happened to my voice.
Felicia Bush: But anyway, so I wanted to, I wanted her to see because she knows him well, like would he be able to use this? And. And she, she tried it out last week and she's like, yeah, I like it. She's looked at different ones for us and to. For full disclosure, our ehr is I can notes and we are going to transition to Ikin notes. Plus when they're ready. They're not ready though. So it's about three to six months away from there. They have that built in capacity now. Whether better or worse, who knows. We're a little hesitant to have everything kind of go through. But right now we're using JOT Psych, we're using Zoom and you know, and we use Icannote. So that's a whole lot of moving parts. So anyway, we thought we would look to see like is what is there like where we can get everybody under one account. What's the cost associated with that, that kind of thing. That's what I'm looking for. And I have the total of like what I'm thinking of. I know it's beneficial to Amber. She likes it. So she would want to use it. And like I said, she was testing different ones and she liked yours. She'd been, she's been testing for about six months, but, but I had, I told her about it, but she was kind of like this other one. And then, so I said, well, check this out, because I'm not, I have family sessions. I'm not going to be on it. See if you, you know, what you think. So I gave her my login to try it, and she, she really liked it. So. And then, But I have three other therapists who work for my practice, so there's a total of 1, 2. Three, four, six of us, but I have three others and I whether I would use all of them I don't know. But because the others knows are pretty good, don't have an issue with them getting minute on time or anything like that.
Christopher Hume: Well, appreciate the context there, Felicia. What we can do is we can certainly set up a group account for you and your team. And so what that would mean is if you'd like, your admins can review notes in job site so you can see everyone's notes.
Christopher Hume: If you'd like, you can share patients you don't have to.
Christopher Hume: So some people find that helpful in case clients are seen by multiple therapists and additionally if it's of interest and maybe a little kind of exploring you could do over the next three, six months is that some of our users, especially on the non prescribing side, use this as an ehr because you can sign your notes in JOT psych, you can schedule in JOT psych, you can do client comms in JOT psych. That's certainly something that while you're trying this out, I would encourage you to try some of those additional features. Jetsec is $150 a month and then there's discounts for groups of seven or more and for annual contracts and we can get you set up if you know, Felicia, if you're like, you know, chat six, not for me. As you guys work on your group notes capacity, I just need some of my providers to, or some of my therapists to use it. We can get you set up on an admin account and those admin accounts are free. So you'd be able to go in there, you could manage the account, you could review notes, you just wouldn't be able to record.
Christopher Hume: So that's how it's set up. So it'd be $150 an account per month.
Christopher Hume: But then the admin accounts are free.
Felicia Bush: Okay. All right, so is there a capacity if you did a group account and said there has to be seven providers or more?
Felicia Bush: Yep, by six. So we're just, we just have six providers. So. So it would be 150 times however many people I wanted to sign up, but they would basically have their individual account and I would just have admin access to it.
Christopher Hume: You would have admin access, you'd be in, you could set templates if you'd like. So if you know some of your providers struggle with SOAP notes or something like that, you could develop the perfect SOAP note and then everyone on your team could be using that note.
Felicia Bush: Right.
Felicia Bush: Yeah, it's not soap note, but, yeah, we do have our own note format that meets Medicaid. Our Medicaid standards. So, yeah.
Tyler Davis: I have a quick question.
Tyler Davis: Oh, hi, everyone. My name's Tyler. I'm the chro for our company and also a therapist here. So I already have my own account, right. That I. That I use. If we did the admin sort of account thing, would I be able to just port mine? Would she be able to be added as the admin to my or. Existing account or would I have to create a brand new one? I was only asking because I've already got all my clients like in there.
Christopher Hume: Yeah, no, certainly understand. What we could do is we would just take your existing accounts and create a group. The only caution I would share is that once we move everyone into a group, we can't move them out.
Christopher Hume: The reason for that is just our security and hipaa. Once we have clients associated with an organization, if someone decides to leave that organization, it's too risky for us to be like, oh, well, you can take the patients with you.
Felicia Bush: Right.
Christopher Hume: Just a flag. So you can all go into the group, but you can't go out.
Tyler Davis: Yeah. Okay. Awesome. Yeah. Yeah. And that's understandable. That's how we operate anyway. Because even though we have our. Unless they're contractors, like independent contractors, they, you know, ultimately they're our company's clients, so.
Tyler Davis: And our staff understand that, so.
Christopher Hume: Perfect.
Felicia Bush: Okay, so it sounds like there's. Whether we add Joe, Amber and Joe, you know, separate account. So that would go from what we're paying 300 now to 600.
Tyler Davis: Yeah.
Felicia Bush: I don't know.
Felicia Bush: What do you think?
Tyler Davis: I mean, I. I think for Joe it's certainly worth it, but I don't know. I mean, we could discuss it at management and obviously just see if.
Felicia Bush: Okay. Yeah. We have a management meeting at 6:00 today, so.
Christopher Hume: Oh, perfect. And Felicia, if it'd be helpful, I can. So when we add everyone to your. I can create a group from the people who already have accounts, but it looks like you have an account. Tyler, you have an account. Are there any other accounts? Would you like me to put you two into a group with you as the admin. Felicia?
Felicia Bush: Yeah. Yes. And I'm thinking what I'll probably. At least what I'll propose at management is that we. We add my account. But Amber really will continue to use it. And she's the psychologist. She spends more clinical hours than I do. Okay, so we keep that account for her and then add Joe and then I just have an ad. Admin account.
Christopher Hume: We create you a new admin account.
Felicia Bush: I don't. Yeah. I don't know. Does that just. I would want to keep my account.
Christopher Hume: Okay. I'm sorry. So we'd create a new account for.
Felicia Bush: Right, so we'd be adding Amber and adding Joe.
Tyler Davis: Yeah, yeah.
Christopher Hume: Perfect, perfect. And if it'd be helpful, I know I'd be happy to add like a two week. Credit or a two week pause to the payment cycle if you'd like to bring any people on just to try it out. I know you were saying there was one provider, not Joe or Amber, who has good notes, but maybe could benefit from trying it. So we could just, when we create the group, set you up on a two week trial. So what that allow that does is you can add anyone you'd like and then as long as you deactivate them by the end of that two week trial and you don't get charged. So that might be helpful and a little bit easier than having to make the pitch to kind of the board and make a decision without, you know, your team having tried it before.
Felicia Bush: Right, okay. Yeah, that sounds like that would work then.
Christopher Hume: And let me know if this kind of sounds like reasonable. What I'll do, Felicia, is I'll create a group with you and Tyler and I'll put. I'll put that two week trial period on.
Felicia Bush: Okay.
Christopher Hume: No, no payments for two weeks. And then if you want to kind of, I'm happy to walk Amber and Joe through setting up their accounts and getting them added to your group. And if there's anyone else you'd like added, we can get them set up as well. And then we can just set up time maybe for some point next week to see who's having a good experience. Hopefully everyone. But if anyone's not having a good experience, I can help them.
Christopher Hume: Or we can deactivate their account so you don't end up paying for them after the trial.
Felicia Bush: Yeah. Okay. All right.
Tyler Davis: Okay.
Felicia Bush: So let me see. Because we start so we work for 10 hour days and Monday's a remote day for everybody. So everybody who is working is working from home. But Tuesday I was one seat. Sorry. There you. Oh, I see. When they start because Joe couldn't. And honestly I don't have the bandwidth to train Joe on how to.
Emily Kaiser: That's what we're here for. If anybody needs, anybody on the team would like to do like a quick demo, I'm happy to hop on the. The call with them and kind of walk them through the features because we are ever evolving. Right.
Emily Kaiser: That can be heard as well.
Felicia Bush: Okay, well, bless you because I just did not take it.
Tyler Davis: He has a one o' clock open on Tuesday, so we could set it up tomorrow.
Felicia Bush: Okay.
Christopher Hume: And let's. Do you actually just want to set that up right now?
Felicia Bush: Yeah, yeah, let's go ahead. That would be great.
Tyler Davis: Yeah, yeah, I could walk on this calendar.
Emily Kaiser: One o' clock tomorrow. Yeah.
Felicia Bush: And do you need his email address or.
Emily Kaiser: That would be great.
Felicia Bush: It's. What is it Joe or Joseph?
Tyler Davis: I believe it's. Well, we might have had a job before. So let me look.
Emily Kaiser: No problem.
Tyler Davis: Say it wrong. Yeah, it's just Joe J o e@harmonymh.org all right, easy enough, right?
Emily Kaiser: So I will send this over.
Felicia Bush: Okay, awesome.
Tyler Davis: And I'm blocking that.
Felicia Bush: That allows me to keep my account because I do do our new. Our new client intake. So I do about eight of those a week. And if I have an individual session, I'll drop on hop on jot site.
Felicia Bush: But mainly I have couples and family and that's. It's just not. Just not separating them well enough for me not to have to do a whole lot of work on the back end. So I tend not to just not use it for that. But I got multiple people in the room.
Christopher Hume: One question. Certainly Felicia. It's not our specialty and it's something we're working on. I'm definitely fighting the good fight with the engineers is something I really want. But yeah, just so you know, something that sometimes helps with those group sessions is if you go to settings and then when you go to. I have this memorized by now. If you go to recording. There we go. You go settings and then over to recording.
Felicia Bush: Okay.
Christopher Hume: If you choose to not redact names, that often helps because then jot Psych has the additional context of knowing there's multiple people in the room.
Felicia Bush: Okay.
Christopher Hume: We're. We lean. If we're ever going to lean away, it's over security focused. It's.
Christopher Hume: So that's why we redact the names. Kind of is the standard setting. But if you'd like to turn that off, it often helps with group settings.
Felicia Bush: Okay. I might try that for. Yeah, I'll try it next time. I have. Have one. I think I have one tomorrow morning actually.
Christopher Hume: So perfect in terms of other meetings would do you'd like us to set up time with Amber or just send her a note to get her account set up. So you guys have separate.
Felicia Bush: Yeah, send her a note. She's, you know, she's our tech guru, so she's.
Christopher Hume: She doesn't need us.
Felicia Bush: I mean, she already had stuff. You know, I just go in, I push record, I buy it looked a mess. And then suddenly she's got my client scheduled and I'm like, I don't even use it that much here. She's like, I schedule clients are cut up, color coded for intake. And I'm like, what?
Tyler Davis: Yeah, she's pretty sophisticated.
Felicia Bush: So.
Felicia Bush: But yeah, I'll give you her email.
Christopher Hume: That would be wonderful.
Christopher Hume: It's amber@harmonymh.org you guys are pretty easy emails. Thank you.
Tyler Davis: Oh, yeah. Yeah. We really made a point to do that because we used to have this really long, awful email.
Felicia Bush: Yeah. All day long. We didn't want our emails to be part of that. Rome names.
Christopher Hume: Well wonderful. And then I guess the, the last thing is, is there a time next week that I work just to check in, see how things are going and see if we want to add anyone else. Remove anyone just after we get your group set up.
Felicia Bush: Yeah, let's see. I have clinical staffings on Thursdays so. Or Wednesday morning. So maybe Wednesday next Wednesday afternoon sometime between intakes. So that's my. Also my index day. Let me see what's available then you have a 130 next Wednesday March the something.
Tyler Davis: Oh, sorry, I'm looking at this Wednesday. Sorry, sorry. Oh yeah. But still you also have that next March 4th.
Christopher Hume: Perfect. 1:30.
Felicia Bush: Yeah, well I've got a 1 o'. Clock. Let's do 1 o' clock because I have an intake consultant. They sometimes finish.
Tyler Davis: I'll get done early.
Felicia Bush: Yeah, so it'd be one o'. Clock.
Christopher Hume: Perfect.
Emily Kaiser: Yep. Setting that up now. Anyone else that needs to be invited to this besides everybody on today?
Felicia Bush: No, it probably be. They may be in session so it may just be me. But I will have talked to them during their staffing to see how it went. So.
Felicia Bush: So at 8am so perfect.
Emily Kaiser: And Tyler, can you confirm your email for me?
Tyler Davis: Yeah, I actually will be in in session at that time on the 4th.
Emily Kaiser: No problem.
Tyler Davis: But I'm just. So you have my email? It's. I have two. So I have Tyler, my therapist one which is Tyler Harmony.
Tyler Davis: Just T Y l e r harmonymh.org and then I also have my HR one. I don't know if you guys need that one, but it's probably not. Okay. Yeah, I wasn't sure just in terms of the admin side of things but
Emily Kaiser: if we need to switch it in the future, just let me know. For now I'll just send it to your therapist one.
Tyler Davis: Okay, great.
Emily Kaiser: All right, you guys should see that on your calendar shortly.
Tyler Davis: Awesome.
Christopher Hume: And then one last question and then joke with Emily. I'm not known for giving people meeting time back but maybe we could get some meeting time back today and have a little room in everyone's Monday.
Christopher Hume: Are there any other therapists you'd like to try during the two week trial period? We could just send them the link to sign up.
Felicia Bush: Yeah, it's Tiffany. It's Tiffany and Amy and they're at Harmony.
Christopher Hume: Perfect. Then we'll send them a follow up email with the link with my calendar in case they want some one on one onboarding and we can check in how everyone's doing on Wednesday. Next Wednesday.
Tyler Davis: Actually I did wanna. I did wanna comment? We had a previous. We had two Tiffany's previously. So her email is actually Tiffany, Tiffany B. At Harmony. Which is just Tiffany for her last name, Brashear, but.
Christopher Hume: Okay, good. Good save. Thank you, Tyler.
Felicia Bush: That would have gone off into the Eastern.
Christopher Hume: Wonderful. Was there anything else we can help with today?
Felicia Bush: Not that I can think of. Perfect.
Christopher Hume: Then we'll let you some extra time back.
Felicia Bush: And then if you need anything, you'll have my.
Christopher Hume: My email. Emily's email. We're here to support and look forward to chatting soon.
Felicia Bush: Okay, well, thank you so much. Thanks for this opportunity to meet you all.
Christopher Hume: So nice to meet you both. But, like, bye.
Felicia Bush: Bye.
Emily Kaiser: Bye.
Tyler Davis: Bye.
Felicia Bush: It. Yeah, I think. Yeah. I mean, honestly, it's just. I think it's worth it to make sure that our shift's good, that there's no reason anybody has to be majorly behind. I mean, I think if. If we were just a small practice. I know we're small in numbers now, but we're not small as operations. Well. And if we do end up adding something. Well, here's the problem with adding a contractor, is that their clients are my clients, so. Well, no, contractors are clients. Through harmony are our clients. Their time is not their art. No, no. But the way they've changed it, like. No, it's just that we're supposed to provide the clients and they're supposed to provide everything else. We'd have to charge them for the use of it. Okay. Yeah, because. But anybody can take clients because then we could qualify for that. That. Whatever. Group discounts. Yeah. Okay. Start the van for me, please. We have to run errand, so. Yeah, that. That'll. I think it'll be worth it. Marietta to the Amish store and then to Kroger. Yeah, The Kroger and Marietta. Kroger. Because they're out of everything at that Kroger. Like Ramen. Yeah. Is the packs like you. The Mar. Yeah, the pack squares. Yes, but it's the mantra. Yes. No, I don't ever buy those. Yeah, Mauritian or whatever. Kroger doesn't sell those. They only sell.