Christopher Hume: Kind of since we're going to be going after bigger fish, there's going to be a lot of changing like adjustments here. But I want to make sure we're all locked in. I'm setting up 30 minute meetings, fellow meetings with you, Emily and John. John and I actually already had one just to do like generic check ins. As we progress. These are going to get more specific. We're going to be like, okay, what's going on with this account? What's going on with this account? But obviously right now you don't have accounts. So it's this is for this week and probably the next few weeks it's going to be more vibe checks and just like opportunity for us to talk about what changes I think you need to make or you think I need to make just to make sure that we like really maximize comms while we're getting this off the ground.
Jack Waugh: Sure.
Christopher Hume: I think kind of how we'll structure it. Jack, we don't need to use the full 30 minutes today, but I'll tell you kind of what I expect the next couple weeks to look like then we'd love to hear how things are going from your perspective and where you think we need to adjust course.
Jack Waugh: Sure.
Christopher Hume: So Aryan, our, one of our contractors has held a pretty robust best for developing leads. So I think we're going to be able to crank out a few thousand quality leads, B2B orgs. We should have those ready for you guys by Monday at least to get started and start testing them.
Jack Waugh: Cool.
Christopher Hume: And we're going to tranche them into a couple of groups. There's going to be some call only. There's going to be some call and email. There's some that I'm going to flag for you like hey Jack, this is a big opportunity. Shower them with a little extra love and care in your personalized emails. Other ones, it's just going to be smile and dial. That will all be really clear to you. But I think especially Jack, the fact that you've been able to book meetings which hopefully we can get rescheduled from this kind of like, let's be honest, like you're working for a pretty shitty lead list right now. I think the fact that you were able to start booking meetings there, I have a ton of confidence that when we give you more specific, more narrow people to target that we're going to be able to get some stuff on the books, plan for the next, I mean we're going to test it over the next two weeks and then as long as things are continuing to look good. It's probably be until we run out of leads, this is where I'm going to want you guys doing. That's kind of the shift. I just wanted to tell you that kind of how I see the next few weeks or months. Any questions there?
Jack Waugh: No. No. That all makes sense.
Christopher Hume: 1, 2. How things going from your end. Again, I know the leads are. Would love to hear what's working, what's not working, what you think I should know or change. And then let's go from there.
Jack Waugh: Yeah. I mean, the main sort of tweak that I'd like to figure out something for is maybe just the very beginning of the script. Because when I do get through to a maybe solo provider, I get. You know, you can't always tell if someone hangs up. I'm not saying we're getting like an astronomically high number of hang ups, but it's obviously more than when we were calling, you know, trialers and people. So I'm just thinking about like how to get them to not hang up. And one thing I was noticing like that very beginning of the script where it's kind of like we're a revenue management software that supports site clinics and billing, that it just sounds a little generic.
Jack Waugh: And I was kind of thinking, you know, I tried swapping in the line about the analysis right up front. But what I was realizing is there's nothing there that gives people like a differentiator. So if there was some way to like be like this is a cool thing. I'm calling about no one else. Like somehow if we could like get that.
Christopher Hume: No, this is. So I have my call with earlier this morning and she was getting the same feedback. She's like, yeah, like I can sometimes get through. And then they're like, she's, she said it much more nicely but they're basically like off hang up. She said something that seems to blow them down. Hanging up is like when she brings up the free job site trial. And so what I'm going to. And I would love your feedback on this before I kind of adjust the script.
Christopher Hume: What I think we might want to do just kind of change it to be like, hey, like I'll be honest, it's a cold call. But like I'm with job psych. We really help psych or behavioral health clinics manage their, their revenue. We've seen payers are using AI tools to minimize the amount that they pay out. You guys, we're calling clinics, we're offering them a free analysis to identify where these issues are going and kind of suggest some solutions to get that revenue back. And, and so instead of charging them for that analysis, I think if we offered it's like, hey, like we're just calling to help, that might help get the meeting on the books. And if we get, if it does help get meeting on the books and the meetings are shitty because they didn't have to pay money, like that is what it is. Like then we'll adjust course.
Christopher Hume: But I think from what Emily said, and maybe I'm projecting, but it sounds like maybe a little bit you're saying is that if we call as like a friend with a cool opportunity to help.
Christopher Hume: Yeah, that might crack the code. As opposed to the billing person being like, holy, they're trying to take my job. Like, what do you think about that angle? Yeah.
Jack Waugh: Like, as you were saying that, I think that sounds like a potentially more enticing offer just because it's like, oh, cool. Yeah. I mean, if you want to take a look, you know, sure. That'd be great. And then, you know, it also mentions, like, what we're kind of doing that's a little bit unique in right up. So I think that could actually be pretty good. Yeah.
Christopher Hume: Okay. Then I'll write that up today and update the script. But that's how I would sort of recommend for the next. Until we get like, let's just try it and see what happens. Go from there.
Jack Waugh: Sure. And then I had one. One just technical glitch. I'm running into. I don't know if alaware after four calls is actually removing a name from the list. So it's kind of hard because typically I just call through and kind of mark whatever the name was. Yeah. But what's real, what I'm realizing is there's also people that get skipped outside of daytime hours, like when I was calling this morning. So that kind of sets it. So now I'm just trying to figure out if there's a way for it to like, remove after. After four times.
Christopher Hume: Would you share your screen? Can we walk through alaware together? I think it might just depend on how you. It might be a something you set up when you go into power dialogue.
Jack Waugh: Sure.
Christopher Hume: Green order. So if you go to power guy learn. No, no, sorry. You go to public. It's public. It's lists. Public lists. And like, let's just choose a random one,
Jack Waugh: like an old one or something. Or.
Christopher Hume: Yeah, let's just. Yeah. And then go to three dots. Right. Just a power dialer. No, no, don't press that. Excited this.
Christopher Hume: Okay, go to power dollar. Then. Yeah. Scroll all the way to the top.
Jack Waugh: Go to the top.
Christopher Hume: Press the plus list. Create from existing list and let's just like choose one. Yeah, let's actually do like McKenzie plus test four. Just so you know not to call it.
Jack Waugh: Gotcha.
Christopher Hume: Create. Go duplicates bottom. Okay, that'll press. Okay, Then. Yeah, let's see what happens if you go to. Or dialing it. Just immediately. Hang on. Here we go. So you scroll back to the top. Do we need to you select the line? Yeah. It. If it says four times, it should spit them out. But you think it's not even.
Jack Waugh: I think it's still not. I could be wrong, but I just don't see it after four times because I think it's always set to this here.
Christopher Hume: Yeah, it should be. I was trying to get to it to make sure it was set here on your account. Do you think that's not happening?
Christopher Hume: Oh, sorry, you don't think that's happening?
Jack Waugh: I'm pretty sure it's not.
Christopher Hume: Okay.
Jack Waugh: Yeah, pretty sure not.
Christopher Hume: Then I'm gonna check from the admin settings and see what's going on there.
Jack Waugh: Just minor thing, but, you know,
Christopher Hume: until you're called the same person seven times who has a broken computer. Yeah, it's a real waste of your times.
Jack Waugh: Right.
Christopher Hume: Okay. I think this is. Anything else for dials issue?
Jack Waugh: No, I think that's pretty much it.
Christopher Hume: Okay. And cool. We keep this one short. We'll have more next week. And yeah, as I said, we hope to load you up with those new lists Friday or Monday, and you'll be going after some real targets as opposed to like fighting through all this bs.
Jack Waugh: Cool. Sounds good.
Christopher Hume: Awesome. Thank you, Jack.
Jack Waugh: All right. Thanks, Chris.
Christopher Hume: Oh. Oh.