Adam Harrison: And yeah, just excited we get to chat now.
Johann Romero: Yeah, no problem at all. I'm so excited to be here talking to you.
Adam Harrison: Yeah. Yeah. And thank you for applying. I had a chance to kind of review your profile and your submission and. Yeah, excited to have this conversation today. So, yeah, maybe I'll, you know, we can try to keep this pretty short, I think, in terms of, like, our call today. I would love to maybe start out by learning a little bit more about you and kind of your experience, what you're looking for, you know, as far as your next kind of role. And then I can share a little bit about, you know, jots like myself and kind of where we are in the process and you know, what the next steps would look like. So should take just around like, you know, 15 minutes or so, but we might go a little over if, if you have a little extra time. Sometimes it can take a little longer. But does that all sound okay to you?
Johann Romero: Yeah, it's okay. I can also keep it short about my, my experience. I've been working as a video editor and working in video in general for a long, for long. More than nine years now, I guess. I started working as an intern when I was pretty young, like 15 years old, because I was interested in, in broadcast and live events and light, sound, video, all of that. So I started working as an inter. And at the same time I, I studied cinema and television here in Colombia. I'm based in Bogota, Colombia. And yeah, I studied cinema and television here in Universia Nacional de Colombia. That is like the best university here in Colombia. And at the same time, I was working and learning a lot of things. So I had the opportunity to apply everything that I was learning, like in a practical and more pragmatic way. And then I pursued a master degree in finance, but it would be like an MFA there in the US but he was like a mastery in finance and media. And while I was doing my master degree, I jumped to another role in a TV channel that was like promoting some. Promoting some digital brands for the, you know, like the, the biggest house that. That is the, the biggest TV channel here in Colombia, like the biggest private TV channel. And there I got the opportunity to work also creating the video and digital content for, for that brand and also collaborating with other brands that wanted to work with us. So I got the opportunity to work for brands like Red Bull, Xbox, Samsung. And then when I finished my master degree, I jumped to another role. Well, I worked in the like the biggest real estate marketplace here in Colombia that is called Fingers, that basically is a marketplace for housing projects. And there I got the opportunity not only to develop the, what I was doing previously, doing video ads and doing video content, but also like to direct the video production of the company working with some other freelance. They came to work with us and also it was like a big introduction to the performance marketing for me and also to develop strategies for, yeah, for Meta and for Meta ads and also working with a commercial team and the marketing team to develop not only those ads but selling those ads as products to the brokers and the companies that wanted to work with Marketplace. So yeah, that was a lot of learnings that bring me a lot of learnings and I got the opportunity to work there for more than two years and to develop a lot of projects and also some projects not only designed for the country but also for the US we got the opportunity to develop some events for people who wanted to invest in Colombia from the US So it was also a great opportunity and I did some TV commercials and some assets and ads for that type of campaigns, not only for Colombia. And since February of last year I've been working as a video editor, as a creative video editor for an agency based in LA that it's called Tube Science. And there we got to develop and deliver ads for highest spending brands in the US like the Farmer's Dog and Pro skits, some brands of different kind of niche, also Uber Eats and a lot of brands that are huge and that invest a lot of money in their ads. So I've been also like applying all the technical knowledge that I've been acquiring to my life and also those that marketing, performance marketing experience that I had in the recent years and that in that place I'd be, I've been able to really apply all the knowledge into strategies, into ads, into trying to, to really get successful ads, paying attention to the data and also turning ideas and briefs into really good ads. And it's been awesome working there and I'm really happy. But I'm seeing this opportunity also as a chance to really take an in house job and really get the opportunity to focus, to fully focus on one brand and to develop everything that the brand has to offer. Because you know, working in an agency you are always like jumping between brands and sometimes you tend to have to shift your focus from one brand to another. And I really enjoy that because I love to learn new things always. But I work in the past also as an in house mediator and content producer. I understand the opportunities that I can bring to my life and I also did a quick research of what you do and I really admire what you do and I really, I guess I understand a little bit what you do and how you are applying the AI in a really important field and yeah, and also right now in my current job I am also an AI power user. That means that I have access to tools in the company where I got to develop assets using AI, using mainly Nano One, Nano Pro and also VO 3.1. And yeah, I have also the opportunity to develop full ads just in AI and it's also opportunity and I think that, that I don't know certainly if that is something that you are looking for, you know, like the ability to, to create with AI, but I know that in a way it's connected by the use of AI. So. So yeah, that's a little bit. Sorry if I'm, I'm a little bit nervous about it.
Adam Harrison: No, thank you. That's all very helpful. Yeah, super interesting to hear kind of about your background and everything and you know, make sense kind of what you're, what you're solving for next. As far as I can share a little bit about kind of myself and the role here. So JOT Psych. I'll start with JOT Psych. So JOT Psych is a AI scribe for behavioral health clinicians. So it helps to save them time on their notes and documentation. The products, you know, mostly we sell to kind of individual clinicians, so psychiatrists and therapists and other folks like that. We do also have some kind of group, larger group practices as well. We have kind of been scaling a lot through Meta. Um, so that is how we have like reached a lot of new users because we are kind of more of, you know, we're focused on like smaller group practices as opposed to like larger enterprises. So yeah, we, you know, we're kind of looking to improve the way that we, you know, the creative in particular that we're like putting on Meta. Um, so that's a little bit of the context on the company and you know, kind of our marketing channel focus. In terms of my role, you know, I've been here for about a year now. I am sort of overseeing a lot of our marketing. Activities, but I also am, you know, working on kind of product and other parts of the business as well. So I guess the, the implication there is, you know, I am not kind of spending as much time as I would like on, you know, marketing activities specifically. And so, you know, what we're solving for now is we're trying to, you know, the other thing I should add, you know, I am, we, we as a company and I am included in that, are not good at, excuse me, creative or you know, kind of visual storytelling or you know, we're much more kind of like structured, analytical, kind of like numbers people. We're not as good with like, you know, kind of more of the creating content and things like that. So that's really where we're looking for support. So what I am kind of looking for is, you know, a partner who will be able to partner with me on creative. So I would be probably the person, you know, in managing the meta account. But I'm looking for someone who I can work with to, you know, kind of on a regular basis like ship new creative, test, you know, new things and kind of improve what we already have out in the market. And you know, my understanding is there's typically. Right, you probably partner with kind of like a creative strategist and you're more on the content side. I don't know if that's like the model typically you're used to or not. Yeah, sorry, I'll let you jump in.
Johann Romero: Yeah, it's basically that like data creative strategies and I received like a brief and I turned that brief into the video. Sometimes the brief are hyper specifically. Sometimes they are kind of vague like this is this goal and. But yeah, it's, it's, it is structured that way. But I have also worked from. So for some other clients as a freelance that just gave me like a keynote or a presentation and it's just like turn that presentation into something else like a video for, for the company and all of that.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, yeah, no, thank you, that's helpful. Yeah, so I think we're probably more in the second category of like, you know, I'm happy to kind of partner with you on ideas or like high level sort of pain points or problems or features that we're looking to highlight. But then, you know, I am looking to work with someone who is excited about owning kind of end to end the brief as well as the production of the content. And mostly that's a function of like, I just have like kind of limited capacity to be able to be able to really thoughtfully write out briefs and so looking for someone who you know, is excited about kind of doing the end to end kind of production process, you know, leveraging me as like a partner to think through strategy or different ideas and stuff like that. So, so you know, we expect this would start as kind of a contract role and then would expand, you know, potentially to full time and then you know, if things go well, you know, you'd be able to like assemble a team of folks potentially as well. Then you would be in more like a head of content role. But you know, probably to start we would be in more of like a part time freelance sort of situation to kind of see how things go. But yeah, curious like your questions or thoughts on that.
Johann Romero: I think I understand the type of role. I have a client here in Colombia where we do basically that. They just give me like some ideas and some references and mainly a goal, you know, like we, we need to achieve this and I'm like the, the one who's trying to, to help them with that.
Johann Romero: So I understand the type of, of workflow and I also understand the type of contract you are mentioning because it's the same type of contract that I have right now with the agency that I just told you so understand like the terms of that. Yeah, as I said on the mail, I like I'm open to, to a part time or full time position starting so there's no problem about that. And I think that the best way to see if school work is doing you know, like a, like a technical test. So I don't know where we can see if, if this could work, you know, doing like, like some type of test. But I, I'm really positive about it. I, I think that I understand and also understand very well your position and all the responsibility that you have. And yeah, I guess that right now being involved like in the credit must be a little bit too much, you know, like to handle. I don't know. I guess and like my only question right now would be like how performance is measured for this position. You know, like it will be like based on, on the data or in roas or. I, I, I, I was thinking that maybe the company was more like a B2B type of business. You know, like you were reaching like business. But I also saw in the job description there was more like software as a service for small and medium businesses. So I understand that part but I would like to know how the performance in the world is measured.
Adam Harrison: Yeah. So I think part of it will be. Qualitative as far as how well we work together and sort of the quality of the work and stuff like that. In terms of quantitatively, you know, we will measure like cost per lead or cost per cost per conversion, which our conversion event is like you know, taking a, taking their first action like in the product after they've signed up. So that is how we'll kind of like measure, measure success for this role.
Johann Romero: Okay, nice.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, yeah. Well great. Let me jump to kind of what the next steps here look like. So we have sort of. Oh, one thing I should also ask is around your kind of compensation expectations or do you, I know you do a lot of freelancing so you do you have a typical like hourly rate that you tend to kind of anchor on. Totally fine.
Adam Harrison: Also if you want to think about it and let me know later.
Johann Romero: Okay, I will let you know later.
Adam Harrison: Okay, perfect. So and then do you also have experience with more like static ads as well or mostly video?
Johann Romero: Yeah, that's something that I've been doing for the last year. I, before that I was, I didn't much on that but in this new role that I have, I had to deliver a lot of studycats. So it's a skill that I've been developing and I've been enjoying it so I surely can do it.
Adam Harrison: Awesome, awesome. So the next step in the process here will be sort of like a take home assignment. So we're looking for essentially like one static and then one short form video asset. This will be a paid, you know, assignment because we may actually like use this in an upload it if it to our account if it's working well from a quality standpoint and then we may do some like iterations, revisions, you know, but, but yeah, we pay like 100 us for, for your time to put in this because you know, we expect it'll be like you know, a significant right time investment on your part. So we want to make sure you're compensated for that. So it's just you know, one static visual asset and then one short form video. We don't have like a brief for either one. So we really left it very open ended in terms of whatever you think is the right format or kind of style to do here based on your own judgment and you can use any tooling that you want. What we did provide is a lot of resources around context in terms of what is job site, who is it. Core, you know, what are some of the common pain points that it solves in a product? These are some like prior ad themes that we've done that have performed well. These are just static because we haven't done really like video ads and then some suggestions in terms of like some competitors that you could look at or you know, other other kind of general thoughts we have. So I will send this to you as like a, you know, in an email afterwards. But this was like the next step that we take in the process and then if this goes well, you know we would do like a longer term contract at that point. So. Yeah, curious like your, your thoughts on this and any, any initial questions that come to mind.
Johann Romero: Yeah, I understand. I just wanted to know if you have like a full data of, of assets, you know, like the logo or some type of things or the fonts that you use or maybe like a brand book. I don't know, maybe could be useful to understand like the colors and the followings and everything that it's behind the brand.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, it's a great question. So we're actually in the process of updating all of that. So it's still kind of in progress. So I think for this assignment I wouldn't worry too much about any of like staying consistent with our brand tone or things like that. I would just feel free to kind of like be, you know, don't feel constrained by like any brand guidelines or things like that. Fonts, colors. Like you know, obviously we have more like pinks and purples but I wouldn't. Yeah, for this assignment we're not going to be like anchoring too hard on that because we are refreshing a lot of our colors right now. Unfortunately it's kind of a bad timing standpoint.
Johann Romero: But yeah, yeah, I guess that the other question would be like what be like the deadline for this.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, so we're flexible. Typically we are asking for like a one week timeline.
Adam Harrison: You know we can extend that further, we can do it shorter, you know where we are not to like prescriptive one way or another around it. So you just let us know. Also I appreciate this is also very open ended and you know there's not a lot of guidance so you know you do feel free if you do want to like email me with questions or ideas or things before you actually produce something. And you know that is also like totally acceptable. You know we don't want to kind of. We want to make sure you have the support you need and as well.
Johann Romero: Yeah.
Adam Harrison: Awesome. Great. So I guess as the next steps here, I will send this over to you, and then we will kind of like just be in touch over email after that. Does that work for you?
Johann Romero: Yeah, that's better.
Adam Harrison: Awesome. Awesome. Well, very excited to partner with you on this. Excited about the potential here, and, yeah, looking forward to this kind of first project here.
Johann Romero: Yeah. Thank you, Adam. I think that we will make it work.
Adam Harrison: Awesome. All right, take care. And, yeah, enjoy your week.
Johann Romero: Yeah. Have a nice day.
Adam Harrison: All right, bye.