Gabriel Ordoñez: Actually super chill because today is like a, a free day here in Mexico. We have like holidays.
Adam Harrison: Oh, that's exciting.
Gabriel Ordoñez: Yeah. Yeah.
Adam Harrison: I'm sorry to be interrupting your, your free day, but no worries. Well, that's great. What's the holiday?
Gabriel Ordoñez: It's something that has to do with the Mexican Constitution, something like that. Honestly, I'm not super sure about what it is, but it's a holiday that happens every first week of February.
Adam Harrison: Okay, that's great. Awesome. Well, glad it's been an easy start to the week for you. So, yeah, I'm glad we got to get some, some time. So I think for this call I can just give you kind of a quick overview of what we'll cover and then, yeah, we could probably keep it pretty brief. But mainly the purpose of the call was just to sort of get to know you a little bit better and understand kind of your experience and what you're looking for. That's one piece. I will also share a little bit more about myself and kind of the role and what we're sort of solving for here at JOT Psych and then we can talk about, you know, what the next steps look like and which would be like more of a like paid take home assignment, you know, that you would have like some time to work on. So. So yeah, that is kind of the rough agenda for today. We may go a little over like the 15 minutes we have blocked, if that's okay with you. But we should be able to keep it pretty, pretty tight, I think.
Gabriel Ordoñez: For sure, for sure, yeah. I'm excited.
Adam Harrison: Awesome. Well, maybe just to start, I mean, I would love to hear a little bit more about you. I, you know, I saw obviously your LinkedIn and I saw kind of the application that you sent in and some of the samples, but would love to just hear a little bit more about like you and your experience and sort of what you're solving for next and then I can share a little bit more voiceover on, on the role and my background as well.
Gabriel Ordoñez: Amazing. Well, basically I started in film school. I went to film school. I started this process of narrative and storytelling with films. I started as a post production manager in films, but then I shifted to marketing. I've been doing marketing for the last 10 years or something like that. And I started with remote companies in the area of marketing, always working remotely. I started there as a video editor because I've been growing in this area of post production since I was in college. But definitely I had there. Some tools for, for storytelling, for narrative. So I always had like that desire of like creating content beyond just like anything. That's where that comes from. So I've been doing this for, yeah, for almost like 10 years. I started working with an amazing, like, big company that's called Trafilia. They do shapewear. They have like this brand of shapewear. It's called shapermint. I learned with them, like a lot of marketing. Like, it was like a really great experience for me because I was just like focused on editing. But there I started understanding how like social media editing works, how marketing works. So it was like really an amazing experience also because I didn't just have to edit there. I also have like to propose ideas sometimes. Like, I would get like the data sometimes and they will say, like, okay, we need to improve like the opener here. How can we make like this opener appealing to people and stuff like that. So like that helped me to understand how like marketing works, how people, like the behavior of people on social media works and how we've been shaping that for like the past, I don't know, the past decade with all the social media growing, TikTok and all that. But basically I. That was like my school. Then I. I went to do some creative strategies for Mexican agencies here. That was another kind of experience because there I was like dealing directly with clients. I was like, I would have like this world where I like wrote scripts, I directed those scripts. Sometimes I would act on those. I would be like in front of the camera in those concepts. So it was like a really interesting process there. And then I went to another agency in the U.S. this agency works with brands. They would create ads for different brands. So the experience there was also really interesting because I wasn't only focused on one product or one brand. I would be focused on different brands. So that would give me a really big idea on how to like make diverse content for different kind of needs and products. So it's been like, interesting there because that was also my approach to the creative production, like part because I, I would like do more stuff like in front of the camera. I would start creating content on my own. I actually work also for a brand. It's called Paper Shoot Camera. They would sell cameras and I was handling their social media. So I had to be the content creator for that brand. So it was really awesome because I had the opportunity to be more in front of the camera, which is something that. It's not that I love, but I can definitely do it. Like I don't consider myself like an actor at all, but I enjoy doing it if I have to do it. I can also go for different stuff.
Gabriel Ordoñez: But what I'm trying to say is that with these experiences I have the tools or I've been getting the tools that I need or consider that that can be useful for creating a lot of variety.
Gabriel Ordoñez: But basically that's what I've been doing. Just one other thing that I was doing the past year I was working with Sony Pictures Latin America as a writer, like an emerging writer. That was a different kind of experience, but it helped me to understand more about how things are marketed. So I think it was a really learning opportunity there. But basically that's what I've been doing in the past like 10 years.
Adam Harrison: Super helpful overview and seems like you've had a lot of really cool experiences. So yeah, thank you for kind of giving me the backdrop. Really helpful as I am getting oriented on sort of your skills and your interests and you know, what you've had exposure to. So curious. Maybe one follow up question. What's been your experience with more like kind of static content versus like video style content? It sounds like from what you're describing there's a bit more, it's a bit more on the video side of like your editing background and other content. But just curious to know if, if that's something that you have worked on as well.
Gabriel Ordoñez: Oh yeah, definitely. Like I've been like really covering like the different parts of ads in general. Like I've been more focused on video of course. Like I've done a lot of videos but I also have been working in static ads as well. My main like strength is in video but I can easily work around stuff and design because I do love like everything that has to do with design and production. Like I can, I can. Like I said before, I consider myself like really resourceful and yeah, I love to explore like different areas. I wanted to be a graphic designer at some point of my life so it's something that I enjoy.
Adam Harrison: Awesome, awesome. Very cool. Well thanks for walking through all that. I think I'll try to share a little bit more about myself and jots sake and then can answer questions you have and talk about the next steps. So for a little bit of context I'll start with me and then I'll go into the jots sake and then the role. So. And I apologize. There's a little bit of construction going on, so if you hear a buzzing, I hope that's not too distracting, just let me know and I can put on headphones. But yeah. So you know, as far as my background, I have a background in management consulting and private equity. So you know, a little bit of a different, you know, background and you know, ultimately was, I was kind of an advisor to different companies on strategy and operations and go to market and you know, pretty, pretty broad set of topics. You know, over just about a year ago I made a move from private equity to working at job site and because I wanted to really kind of be actually building things myself and owning outcomes as opposed to sort of delivering recommendations. So I've been here for just about a year or so and have one of the things I do kind of a lot of different things here. One of the main things that I focus on is marketing. So, so I am sort of heading up the marketing program here. So everything from what goes on the website to different press releases, content that we, that we put out into the world in the form of press releases and blog posts and other things. Also we advertise a fair bit on Meta and Google and so running those programs, determining what the creative is, what the messaging is, what the positioning is, et cetera. So that is, yeah, so that is a little bit of my background in terms of where we are as a company and in terms of this role, you know, internally as a team Jotsych. We are I would say very kind of analytical people and we're good at sort of doing analysis and maybe doing the strategy and thinking through big decisions. But we're really bad at execution and we're really bad at creative and actually creating content. So we just really recognize that's not a strength of ours. And so we're looking to bring someone, you know, onto the team, ideally someone who is, you know, probably contract part time to start and we could assess over a long longer time horizon if it makes sense to do more of a full time role. But really I think the thing we're solving here is someone who is excited about not only owning the, the execution of the content and creative, but also someone who's excited about having a pretty big, having a pretty big say in like what content we actually create. So you know, this isn't the kind of role where you're going to have like a big. Very clear, brief handed to you. It's sort of frame by frame, you know, script and copy and everything. This is more something where, you know, we might have a strategy session and we might say, hey, we really want to test this concept of abc. And you know, you have the flexibility to kind of shape that into whatever you think is the best way to like communicate that. Just because to be honest, I don't have like the time or capacity to be like in the weeds as much. So I'm sort of looking for someone who's kind of wants to play that role of both sort of the strategy as well as the, the actual content creation. So I know that's a little unique and maybe a little different than like many places. So I just want to be up, you know, kind of upfront about that to start. And yeah, the early priority is definitely kind of performance content for meta and in particular that's where we've had, you know, most of our success and driving kind of top of funnel and stuff like that, you know. However, this could totally expand to other things over time, you know, other kinds of content. We create customer testimonial videos, you know, founder Fireside, chats, con blog posts, you know, all sorts of like, you know, the kind of, the possibilities are endless. But right now we really are trying to fix our creative engine in meta and so the next step in the process is going to be essentially like a paid take home assignment where we would pay you 150 US for two deliverables. One would be we're just asking for one static and one video asset that we actually could put into our meta account. And there's a whole bunch of guidance in the doc around ideas and hooks and prior concepts. But it's really intended to be very open ended where you can kind of like take things, you know where, where you want to. But. But yeah, I'll pause there for any like initial questions that, that you have just because I know that was a lot to share.
Gabriel Ordoñez: Yeah, no, it was amazing. Thank you very much for sharing. That gives me like a, a whole idea of what you're doing and what you're also looking for. I do have a question because you mentioned a document because I have the notion link and I'm already familiar with the task that you mentioned, but I'm not sure if this document is there or will you share it later with the ideas for the.
Adam Harrison: I'll share it afterwards. I can preview it now. So I can show you a quick flash now and then, you know, I'll send this to you after our call, so. Yeah. You're not missing anything, I see.
Adam Harrison: Still need to send it to you. One, one question just on and totally fine if you want to, you know, think about what you're looking for. But curious what you're looking for in terms of how many hours you sort of would want to, you know, work and also like compensation format or range that you have in mind as your kind of looking for your next role.
Gabriel Ordoñez: Yeah, for sure. I mean I'm open to anything. Like really I have like a really flexible schedule because I usually work as a freelancer. Of course I'm looking for like steadier stuff. I do work with this agency that I have to deliver stuff with them. But it's like I said, I have like a really flexible schedule. I'm more curious to know about what you are looking for and how can I adapt to that because this sounds to me like a really like exciting role because it's also like somewhere I would like to grow in terms of creative. Like I, I usually I'm more focused on editing even when I do other stuff. Like for example I sometimes talk to talent and request like stuff from for other people to record themselves. And I work in different kind of areas but mainly what I do most is editing. I edit for my own creatives and concepts and also for other people. So what I'm looking for is to grow more in terms of having the opportunity to provide new ideas to create more stuff. So this is why this rolling sounds like really like interesting and exciting to me because I think it's a good opportunity for explore more ideas like ideas that I can come up with and to test them also because that is something that I also want to grow in the area of like understanding the data and how this like affects to the audience and stuff like that. Like I'm really like interested into that. I'm not like a big on data but I, I do have like my basics on the area and understand some of the metrics and like I work a lot to improve one concept based on metrics. So that's something that I also want to continue growing in, in that area. So basically that that's what I'm, I'm aiming for.
Adam Harrison: Awesome. Awesome. Great to hear. Well let me, let me pull up kind of the proof, the brief here for the take home and then we kind of go from there. Can you see my screen? Okay, so I'm just going to kind of skim through this because I'll send this to you and you should feel free to send me any questions you have over email or if needed we can hop on a short. Call to kind of strategize if needed. But essentially there'll be like two different deliverables as part of this project. One will be like I mentioned, a visual asset that could be plug and play into Meta and then a video asset as well. You know, it's totally open ended in terms of how you make it or what the concept is. Don't worry about being consistent with like our brand guidelines or like, you know, you know it's really like we're pretty agnostic to we'll test, you know, anything that we think has potential is sort of our position. So. And then the second one is a video format. Again this can be, this could be anything. Right? This could be if you don't need to show your face. Right. I know you mentioned like you are, you can do that but you maybe, you know, it's not your first choice. It can be any format or style. Right. So feel free to kind of like do whatever you feel makes sense. And I think where it makes sense for us to spend a few minutes now is on the sort of background context. So you have kind of something to go off of here and a little bit about like what Jots like is as a product and who it's for and what it does. And I'm just curious, have you worked with like software clients before or mostly like consumer products through typically for the things you. Not that that's a requirement at all. I know we're a little bit different but just curious as I like explain this.
Gabriel Ordoñez: Yeah, I mean definitely like I said before, I work with any kind of clients, software based clients also.
Gabriel Ordoñez: But yeah, yeah, I've done like a little bit of everything.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, perfect, perfect. Okay, so I'll share just the context on what Jotsy is and who it's for. So Jotsy like is a software built specifically for behavioral health clinicians. So really who you should think of there is psychiatrists and psychiatric nurse practitioners. That's what this PMH is that psychiatric nurse practitioners. And these are folks who are practicing mental health, but they are prescribing medication. That's the key thing. So we also serve therapists, psychologists, social workers, you know, other clinicians who do not prescribe, you know, medication, who do more like talk therapy and things like that. But they are sort of like not really our target audience as much as psychiatrists and nurse practitioners. And I'll, I'll get into why that is in a minute. So what does JOT Psych do? So JOT Psych is an AI scribe for these clinicians so how it works? Similar to, like, the note taker I have in this meeting, right? It records the session. Then from that session, it generates a note that the clinician can use for their documentation purposes. After every encounter, you as a clinician are required to write this long note of what happened in the session. And what's this patient's social history and medical history and what's the plan of how we're going to treat this patient? You know, that can take kind of one to two hours per day for a clinician to do. And this, you know, product essentially gives them 90% of that time back. So instead of spending, you know, an hour or two on notes, they can now do everything in kind of 10 minutes instead. So what does that mean? It helps them spend less time on documentation. It helps them stay more present during sessions with their clients. And there's a big problem of like burnout in the industry. And it also, you know, helps with that. What else? So there's also a look to get into some of the complexity of like insurance and notes and things like that. So the reason notes are important is because should you ever get audited by like insurance like Cigna or United Healthcare or, you know, anyone else, they will actually go and review your notes for up to like five years. And they can claw back, you know, revenue that they have paid you if they find your notes are like out of compliance for what they're looking for.
Adam Harrison: So there's a big fear in the industry of like, would I actually be ready for an audit? You know, and so we help sort of make sure our product is built based on like the payer requirements so we know what Cigna looks for in the note and we structure our note in a way that it is going to stand up to that documentation. So those. That's kind of what the product is, what it does. There's some other, there's some other things it does as well. But I think for the purposes of this kind of initial assignment, it's helpful to sort of limit the scope to that. So I think the key pain points here really like time and after hours charting. This is the big one to in session distraction. I wouldn't spend too much time on this. It doesn't really resonate as well as like saving time. I would maybe like skip this one for now. We do have like a billing product we're offering, but it is a little bit separate and a little more complex. So I think just for your own sake, I would sort of gloss over this one. Audit and compliance stress. That's definitely a big one, right? That's the one I just talked about. And burnout, you know, that also kind of ties to this like time spent charting. I do have a few examples. These are just static ads that we've done that have performed well. We just haven't done that many like video ads. But I wanted to just give you a few examples. So feel free to kind of like go through those and then you know, obviously I'm sure you, you kind of are aware of this, but you know, you can look in Meta Ads library and sort of see what's already out there. And here's a few, there's a few like competitors as well that there's so many competitors in the space. Right. But if you were to do a little bit of like research, you know, these are a couple you could look at. But there's maybe, you know, if you just did a search for like AI Scribe, you know, psychiatry or healthcare, you would find like a million different folks to look at. So things I would recommend, I would recommend before you jump into kind of creating something, I would spend time sort of like in the John Psych product and doing kind of more of the research and just understanding kind of the context. And feel free to send me like any questions you have on that and then, and then I would recommend sort of moving into kind of the production from there. So. So that is. Yeah, that's kind of just. I wanted to give you a voiceover. Of course I'll send this to you. You should feel free to email me any questions. But is that helpful as a starting point or any burning questions off the bat?
Gabriel Ordoñez: Oh my God, yes. Super helpful. Actually it has everything in there, so it's amazing.
Adam Harrison: Okay, perfect. Well, awesome. So what I can do is I can send this to you so you have it. We're kind of asking for like a one week, you know, turnaround time. So if you need more time, totally fine. If you are ready sooner, that's also fine. But that would be like roughly what we would be looking for. So just let me know if you need more time. And yeah, then from there, you know, we'll kind of pay you for the deliverables and then we may do like a few revision requests. The probably more light, you know, just to see like how we work together on that. And then from there, you know, we would talk about like the next steps which would be like a longer term contractual sort of ongoing thing. So, so yeah, that's, that's kind of what things look like from here. But any, any initial questions that jump to mind Otherwise, I'm happy to kind of let you get back to your holiday.
Gabriel Ordoñez: Thank you. Well, I, I was wondering about the, the software used because I saw like briefly in the, in the document you shared like you. Well, in the document was mentioned that to use Canva and Capcode. Are those like the. Tools, we, I mean I am familiar with them also, but I, I have more tools that I could use if it's okay.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, no, that those are purely meant to be suggestions for folks who maybe are not as, you know, well versed in the different tools out there. So we're, we're totally agnostic as to what tools you use. So you should feel free to use like whatever you are most comfortable working in. Yeah, those are not meant to be like directive by any means or limiting.
Gabriel Ordoñez: Amazing. Yeah, I mean I still use those but I also use others so I just wanted to check. But yeah, like for me everything is like super, super clear. I'm excited to like this out some stuff like while I was waiting I was getting some ideas there. So I. Well, I have another question. Like for each like a version or variation, like for example the static and the video would be useful to see like, and maybe testing like a variation there. Like okay, one concept and variations of that concept or would be just useful just having one. I don't know what could work best for you.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, it's a good question. I mean certainly we don't require the kind of like a B test. If, if there is something that feels like you, you would want to test, you should feel free to either like share two versions and we could potentially adjust the like compensation accordingly if needed. Or even if you wanted to just say like, you know, hey, this was what I submitted, but if I were to do a test, you know, this is probably what it would look like that helps too. But yeah, if you feel inclined to create, you know, kind of a second version, then you know, we could, we could kind of adjust the compensation, you know, scale that upward a bit, just proportionately so. But I would say optional, not required, but certainly like that would be, you know, I think that would be like a helpful, a helpful thing to just think how you understand how you think about that.
Gabriel Ordoñez: Amazing. Thank you very much. And the timing works great. But I think I can deliver that earlier because I'm really used to like a fast paced like time of editing in general. So no worries about the timing. Probably would be less than seven days.
Adam Harrison: Okay, that sounds great. Yeah, anytime works. So yeah, look forward to kind of. I'll send this over in the next maybe hour or so and then looking forward to working with you on this for sure.
Gabriel Ordoñez: Yeah, on my end. Super excited to get to know more of the brand and I hope you like the concept that I will send. But yeah, looking forward to continue the conversation.
Adam Harrison: Awesome. Awesome. All right, well, take care enjoy the rest of your holiday and looking forward to this. I'll send this. Should be in your inbox shortly.
Gabriel Ordoñez: Amazing. Thank you all. I'm. Nice to meet you.
Adam Harrison: Okay, take care. Bye. Right.