Christopher Hume: Wednesday.
Jon Baer: It's all right. Got to pick up our son early. He's got a fever. So bring him. Yeah.
Christopher Hume: Daycare. That's no fun. No fun. So how are things going? On work fraud.
Jon Baer: Good. All right. I mean, I haven't really connected with anybody on the phone, but I also was wondering why there wasn't a ton of calls. And I figured that out, so I just started re adding people to the sequence. Because when my email. Got disconnected. It took everybody. There was an error. On those next steps. So I didn't realize. When I was looking through the enrollments and stuff, I saw all these errors, and I realized that no one was in. None of them were in sequence.
Jon Baer: So I re added them. I restarted kind of from the beginning. I mean, they were only. Like an email in anyways.
Jon Baer: Maybe some people were two.
Christopher Hume: Have the calls been going through? Did the numbers seem reasonable?
Jon Baer: I would say, for the most part. I mean, some of them, like I erased a numbers that are wrong, clearly, or they're busy signals, or they're just. They don't go through. And then the others, I think that they're right. I don't really get too many voicemails or I get. When I get the. Say your name first and the reason you're calling. I can tell. I get like a hang up, two rings in, and it just kind of move to the next one.
Christopher Hume: Yeah, I think. I don't really have much insight here, aside from. We just need to kind of run this down a little bit more, and we don't have the volume yet. I think I just need to get you more leads and see what happens. But do you have a different view?
Jon Baer: Not really. The only other thing is that is, I checked alaware too. Were you going to put those other ones that don't have emails in there just so I can rip them?
Christopher Hume: We'll get you those as, like, a side quest. All that to my to do list.
Jon Baer: And then I've been re adding. The older ones into the new flows and just trying to go with the job deal on some of those, I'd say. I mean, the good news is I looked at like, I looked at some of, like, the old one where my last. Email or call or whatever was on, like, February 9th. So it's been like a full month, you know, and started to kind of, like, reengage some of them. And I would just say, like, as far as, like, even, like, the old list goes, at least does a lot that is vicine that are, like, owners.
Jon Baer: And founders, so I think it's a good kind of, like, pitch and everything for them, so, yeah. I tried that one guy, Sam back I haven't gotten. I sent him an email. I tried reaching out. The guy. That was Sam Grub. That was. He told me he would. Ask his ops manager if he was interested in something like that, which I believe is ops, man, is OPS managers was actually one of the guys that was also. Out of the sequence.
Christopher Hume: You know, that's good that we're going to be hitting them both now, though.
Jon Baer: Yeah. Yeah. So I got him back in, so we'll see.
Christopher Hume: Okay. The thing that I found interesting is there's one woman that you have been hitting with emails and calls. I don't think. Let me just see. So there's this woman, Cecily Scarborough. Do you remember reaching out to her, Cecile? Why?
Jon Baer: Do you? Just put it in a chat. What about.
Christopher Hume: She? I don't know if she ever responded to you. Did you ever connect to her? But she created an account. And I got a notification through a different thing. We're testing out. It was like, hey, high value person just joined Jotsyc. I was like, holy John just put this woman through the entire sequence. And I wonder if it just like kind of inception.
Jon Baer: Motherhood center.
Christopher Hume: Yeah.
Jon Baer: Hu. H. So.
Christopher Hume: I know. I don't think. I don't think she works there anymore, actually. But I was wondering if you connected with her, had any conversations.
Jon Baer: No. Is it the same late? Is it the same like, because there's a cecily scarborough@gmail.com?
Christopher Hume: It's that one, but it's the same person.
Jon Baer: Ok.
Christopher Hume: I looked her up on. Yeah, I looked her up on LinkedIn. He's the same person.
Christopher Hume: Never, never Building pipelines. Crazy, dude.
Jon Baer: You just don't know. I mean, yeah. I wish. Sometimes I got email notifications when people look and click.
Christopher Hume: So you could, like, immediately call them.
Jon Baer: Yeah. And just so I know, if people book meetings. Hold on, let me. It's my wife.
Christopher Hume: Yeah, yeah.
Jon Baer: Hey. While I'm. Driving. It's. Really bad mood. It's funny. Stick with me. A hard time. Okay? Yeah, I won't. I won't. Yeah. Okay, I will. Pick. Yep, I will. All right. Bye. Okay?
Christopher Hume: Hello.
Jon Baer: Yeah. No. So I could call them immediately. And just so I like, I know because I don't know when or. Or if people end up booking meetings or anything. Until I get. Until you send it over to me or until I get to, like, their next kind of, like, task. And then I say, oh, there's a meeting created. Or, oh. Or, like, oh, this guy's clicked this six times. But it was, like, yesterday, and I'm about to send out, like, another email, but, like, I could just, like, rip the phone, you know, it's something we need to.
Christopher Hume: We need to work on. We're trying to. We're trying to. A thousand things right now, but, yeah, we're trying to improve our notification system. Because what we're going to start running, John, is we're going to do this pulled outbound, but we're also doing a pretty. I don't know how sophisticated, but we're doing a Facebook lead campaign. It's going to be people who give us their info, and then we're going to want. We're going to have to set something up so it immediately is like, bam. John, Jack or Emily calls them in, like, five minutes. Like, hey, you just express interest. Can I get you in a meeting right now? So noted. Probably a little further down the the line, but it's definitely something that kind of fits in with our. What we're trying to do here.
Jon Baer: Yeah, yeah, no worries.
Christopher Hume: Okay, so next steps for me is I just need to build, I guess it looks like you have we have a little bit of time because you just re enrolled all those people. But I need to get you new cold leads, and I'll move the existing cold leads without email addresses into your that today so you'll have, like, a secondary task. Awesome. Anything else, john?
Jon Baer: No, that's it.
Christopher Hume: Did you.
Jon Baer: Did you end up having the meeting with that.
Christopher Hume: No, no. So she. She. She just signed up for an account? She didn't even schedule a meeting. So I need to call her and introduce myself.
Jon Baer: Cool.
Christopher Hume: Could you check in again with Steve to see if we can get that meeting back on the books?
Jon Baer: Yes.
Christopher Hume: Awesome. Thanks, John. Let me know if you need anything.
Jon Baer: Okay?
Christopher Hume: Awesome. You, ma'am. Thanks. Appreciate it.
Jon Baer: Thanks. Bye.