timyu: I think my audio is not working or I can't hear you. Okay.
Christopher Hume: Hey, Tim. There we go. Can you hear me now?
timyu: Oh, yes, I can hear you. Nice to meet you, Chris.
Christopher Hume: Yeah, so nice to meet you. How are you doing?
timyu: Doing fine, Doing fine. It's a good Friday. Temperature is nice.
Christopher Hume: What? What's nice for temperature in Chicago this time of year?
timyu: We have a highs of 60 today. So that's definitely like.
Christopher Hume: It actually is nice.
timyu: Yeah, very nice. Yeah.
Christopher Hume: Cool. So let me introduce myself, kind of tell you how this call is going to go. I can answer any questions you have from there, starting first. We're probably not going to take the full 15 minutes. I know sometimes after these calls when they go short, you're like, oh my God. Good side, bad side. It's just we scheduled probably a little bit too much time for this. Would rather have too much than not enough. But this is just a screener. We're going to go through a few questions here. The next steps will be we're interviewing a few candidates. I'll take back the reporting to my boss and then we'll decide on sort of next steps. So just wanted to say that off the bat in case we wrap up in 23 minutes, that's completely expected. Oh, and then just tell you a little bit about myself before we jump in. Chris Hume. Been a jot psy just over a year now. I started checking January 2025. Started off in a chief of staff role, so probably in some ways somewhat similar to this internship. And I'm now more formally in a growth and operations role. So I manage our sales team and most of our customer support, customer success, relationship building activities. That's me. That's probably the most I'm going to talk for the rest of this little call here. Would love a few questions we're going to go through. Would love to, Tim, just hear a little bit about you and maybe just like a quick summary of your background and what you think is most relevant for me to know.
timyu: Yeah. So my name's tim. I'm a second year at UChicago studying computer science and statistics. I'm from Florida and my dad's a CS professor. So I always grew up like loving the code and stuff like that and stuff like that. In my free time I like to play a lot of chess, piano, run and just listen to music with friends.
Christopher Hume: Keep going, keep going. Sorry I cut you off. I jumped in.
timyu: Oh yeah. Background is mainly in cs. I have a lot of project experience of coding, but happy to take on like, you know, whatever role you guys think is best. Of course.
Christopher Hume: Cool. And then I think the. No, that's great. Appreciate you walking me through that.
Christopher Hume: I think I saw on your resume, Tim, that you. You're a part of some finance or trading internship situation. Now is that true?
timyu: Finance or training internship. Right.
Christopher Hume: Maybe I might be misremembering. So if that doesn't sound right, we just keep it moving.
Christopher Hume: I don't need to put you in a bad, bad spot if I'm confusing you.
timyu: I think, I think you're referring to Marine Capital, which is a club.
Christopher Hume: Yes, yes, Marine Capital. Oh, very cool. Okay, okay.
timyu: Okay. Yeah, it's, it's like a highly selective, like a club student, like registered student organization. Spent most of fall quarter like learning about, you know, quantitative trading strategies and like just a lot of stats and probability and brain teasers this quarter we just wrote a lot of code to implement like, because they split us up into teams of five, so we just all compete in like a trading competition with each other.
Christopher Hume: Very cool.
timyu: We tested on mean reversion yesterday and yeah, good sharp ratios, stuff like that. And next quarter, I'm not really sure. I think next quarter is pretty chill, but okay. Yeah, it's just a big, big quant club, basically.
Christopher Hume: Okay. Yeah, that's what, that's what it looked like. I know that's pretty popular at UChicago. So it's really cool that you're kind of in the midst of it.
Christopher Hume: If we have time at the end, I'd love to ask you some questions. Probably not super relevant for right now. Okay, so next, let's dive a little deeper into some of your experience. So I see sort of probably most relevant to jot psych is the work you did it at SlimCare. So could you maybe just give me a summary of how you ended up in that role, what you thought of that role, what you did in that role. Would love to hear a little bit more about it.
timyu: Yeah, I think Joss is very similar to SimCare. Or at least like, you know, market wise, like product wise maybe as well. But yeah. So the two co founders of SimCare, Prashantico, they both did YC Summer 24, so two years ago. And yeah, they dropped out of Chicago after doing that. But I knew them through like some clubs that they were both like a part of. And yeah, I, I didn't really find like much for summer last year, so I just asked them if I could like work for them. And they said yeah. So I moved to San Francisco for the summer. And yeah, every day was really fun. We were working like 60 hour weeks, just like seven people on the team. But it was a really cool experience. I was just writing code all day. But throughout the second half, my role became more of sales and product development in addition to some coding. So I was hopping on some sales calls and pitching and just doing. I think that's how about startup works. You kind of just do it on the.
Christopher Hume: Or a lot of everything.
timyu: For a lot of everything. Yeah, yeah, definitely. So yeah, doing more that kind of work as well. I think that work is pretty fun too. Yeah, the balance was good and yeah it was, it was a great experience for sure.
Christopher Hume: It's awesome. And, and yeah, I guess this is actually a perfect segue. Right. With my questions. So what, why are you interested in tech versus quant? Why are you looking for another tech internship as opposed to not diving into a quantitative finance internship? You're still in college so you could probably do both. So that's a perfectly valid answer but I'd love to hear like why. Yeah, why are you looking for a role in tech right now?
timyu: Yeah, I've thought about this a lot too. So I think my final dream is just to be like just to run a startup. That's something I've always wanted to do. So right now I need to analyze which two paths get me closest to the startup and that are also I'm interested in and that's basically just tech or quantitative finance. So the thing about quantitative finances, I love the probabilities of the statistics and the numbers and the market making and trading of other people. But at the end of the day it is like a zero sum game that provides no real positive value to the world and you are just competing in math versus other people. Really, really good at math and I'm confident in my own math abilities that I would do really well. However, I think it would require all of my effort and this is not very aligned with tech founder type things. It's just more of a very good interest. So tech is definitely one that's more strongly aligned with. My dad's a CS professor, he always will push tech. Yeah, I think I'm totally okay with like coding and just like building something and I think working at a top tech company doing like AI research that is like, that is, that would be really, really awesome. And, and I think tech is. The tech just opens up a lot more optionality and just more like this is something I think I'm way more interested into.
Christopher Hume: Yeah, I think, I mean that's why I'm here too. It's interesting. I'm not sure if you saw this your old firm, like obviously your old organization, obviously all we think about all the time is MRR and ARR. But sometimes the founders, it's so interesting. There'll be like conversations where they're just so passionate about the problem and it's like they just like want to fix the problem. Yeah. And there's definitely a focus, aside from, obviously we want to have a great exit and all that, but it is a little different from quant trading for sure. So I, I love that answer. That's. That's a great reason to want to be in tech. So we're a AI startup. We are a tiny team. There's three full time engineers, there's two full time business people, there's one product manager, two founders, and then we have some contractors and interns. So the reason I tell you this is because we are all very AI first we use AI tooling for everything, otherwise we wouldn't be able to get anything done. There's just so much work to do and we, we're such a lean team. So would love to hear kind of Tim, how you use AI, whether it's at school, whether it's in your other internships, what are some use cases or like how do you use AI in your day to day life?
timyu: Great question. I for, so for the coding side there's a few hackathons I participated in this year and last year and, and like your goal is to create like the most full fledged like app or tool or whatever product you want in 24 hours and with just five people writing code it's possible but it works way too slow and you shouldn't really expect to get anything truly amazing done. But with AI, we all use Cursor, there's a bunch of other tools like Claude code in the terminal which is really, really good and there's just so many amazing AI tools that keep getting better to help with your code. So we've all become really good at you know, vibe coding. So like you just, we, we like draft really long like like prompts to give to cursor or Claude and then, and then it gets like a really, really strong base like framework and mostly like vibe coding works almost for everything. But occasionally there is like some problems that, that the AI just does not like it can't really understand.
timyu: So then that's when you got to take, okay, I'm going to spend like this hour like not like generating new code. I have to fix this one bug and find like the one line where it's wrong. So that's like the benefit of knowing how to read code. Writing code is like it's good. But I think reading is probably way more important now in my day to day I think I treat like ChatGPT and like because a lot of my friends and I, we share a pro subscription just to like save some money. I use it to like, I think, I think I want to stop using it for this but I use it as kind of like a TA for office hours.
Christopher Hume: So for a lot of like
timyu: so and I'm in abstract linear algebra and discrete math right now and normally like people go to office hours. But I think with the advent of AI people have just, you know, started like asking ChatGPT all their ultra specific questions, asking it to explain to me like every, like, you know, possible niche homework case. And yeah, I think it's been really great at helping you learn exactly what you need to learn. However, it does impact human connection with professors. But this is too convenient, I think. Yeah, that's mainly it how I use AI.
Christopher Hume: It's pretty wild. My background is, I mean I was a chemical engineer in college. Not. But so I took a few coding classes. But like, yeah, I could do like a Boolean loop. I could do a for loop, whatever, but not coding anything and just cursor and Claude. The amount of stuff that I can kind of churn out now, especially on like the analytics side, pulling data from all these different sources, pretty. Pretty unbelievable. Okay, cool. I think it's a great caveat too about the human relationship part of things. It's just so easy. It's always at your fingertips. I think I have a couple more questions for you and then as I said, we'll probably wrap early. But yeah, also be time for you to ask questions at the end. So one I would love to hear. Just a hypothetical if like jot. Psych. We have like a huge drop in revenue. We have like a 15% drop your first month on the job. And we're like, holy, holy crap. All hands on deck. We all need to investigate like what's going on here and why we're losing this revenue. Can you give me a framework you would use or like what the first thing you would do would be to tackle this problem?
Christopher Hume: Yeah, we're like, hey, we want you to research it. What would you do first?
timyu: Yeah, so we have to first like, like by far the foremost thing is just look at like the source that we saw like 50% drop in. So if it wasn't like, if it was like, if it was churn rate, then we'd have to see. Okay, and then I would like talk to the customers, hopefully like and ask them why like they decided to drop. And there's like they can give a bunch of reasons like it's too expensive, they found a different product or it's just doesn't like it doesn't like they don't have this need anymore. And then we, since Jossic is still a startup, right. We can just pivot. I think startups should be pivoting almost all the time. That's what I've heard from a lot of founders. It's like your final exited company is like a thousandth third of your initial idea. So yeah, if there is a drop in revenue, then that's definitely something fixable because it's because we had the revenue but then we just lost it.
timyu: So yeah, definitely investigate the source and talk to customers.
timyu: But if it's a different problem, like something on our end, then we would just rapidly. No one can leave the office until we have a plan or figure out what to do. I'm very confident that drops in revenue are not the biggest issue. Startups still got to be focused. They still have to focus mainly on traction and like the main actual product, because the money will always come later if. If the idea and the founders and the team is. Is there.
Christopher Hume: Yeah, no, that's actually an interesting iteration. I didn't even think of what if. It's just something on our end where we're not collecting the money through stripe. You're right. It'd be a. Doors are locked until the engineers fix this. Okay, Last thing for you, Tim, and then we'll. Leave some time for you to ask me questions. Why are you interested in JOT Psych? What kind of about the company, about the space attracted you?
timyu: Definitely working for SimCare like really opened up my eyes to telehealth and more like EdTech and just. And I'm like talked to a few other like companies like Perspectives Health as well and they're all doing like very similar things and I think, I think this is a like I really enjoyed working for simcare and I think I want like some, I want to get a lot more experience in this niche field of like behavioral health and learning and stuff like that. So yeah, I think therapy is also like really important for everyone. Of course. And yeah, I think, yeah, I think it was more purely just out of interest. That's mainly it. Like I think Josh is a really cool company and yeah, I think and I want to see if they are. If they will be successful or not.
Christopher Hume: You and me both, Tim. You and me both. Okay, cool. So that's all I've got for you again. Next steps from our front just to make sure these have a couple interviews, maybe just one review this week and a couple next week. By the end of next week I'll have huddled up with the team. We'll decide on next. Extra people will reach out. So if you don't hear from me by next Friday, just shoot me an email and I can tell you what's going on. So those are next steps. What other questions do you have for me? Anything I can answer. Anything you wonder about the job, the company, etc.
timyu: Yeah. What is what has been like your most like exciting moments like working at this startup?
Christopher Hume: Oh, that's a really good one. Most exciting moment working at DOT segment. It's like I'll give you two. I feel like overall the thing that gets me the most excited is how much I've learned. Did five and a half years in federal consulting before this and I've learned probably more in the year at JOT Psych than I did in the five and a half years of my other job. And again, kind of agreeing with what you said about making a difference and like learning real skills that aren't zero sum. Like it is so fun to learn that much. Sometimes, you know, you wish you could learn a little less. You're like, oh, I just need a week where I just do my normal stuff in terms of excitement and what gets me the most fired up when you get a group to sign a contract or to select their credit card, it's a pretty big rush. I'm not sure if you got this at all in your sales role at your other job, but when you kind of, like, go through the process and you call them and you get them to try it and they swipe. Pretty fun feeling.
timyu: That does sound really fun. Yeah. Yeah. Selling is hard. That's. That's definitely. It definitely makes sense.
Christopher Hume: It is. We probably, like, four months ago, five. Months ago we lost product market fit a little bit because our competition caught up. We didn't, as you said, pivot fast enough. It was a fricking slog trying to sell because we had a non differentiated product. By getting back in that product market fit recently.
timyu: Cool.
Christopher Hume: Anything else, Tim? What? Are there any other questions for me?
timyu: What does sales cycle look like? How's your funnel and pipeline?
Christopher Hume: Yeah, that's another really good question. So sales cycle is. We have inbound. So that's sort of, to be honest, a little bit of a black box. Like where people, how they schedule meetings with us. Like we have the meetings on the website, the meeting links, and they'll just be like, oh, I just searched AI scribe and found you guys. Or oh, I saw you in a Facebook group and looked you up. So that's a little bit of a black box. We had some success last year with conferences. It's very spiky. So we'd go to conferences, build leads. We go, you know, like three conferences with nothing. And then one conference we got whale. So it was very hard to sustain. And then we have a lot of project, excuse me, product led growth where we kind of bring someone in as a single user, they refer us to a friend or they kind of bring their clinic on and then how long the sales cycle is. I'd say typically from first contact to sale, it's months. From trying the software to sale, it's probably about a month for B2B.
timyu: Okay, cool, cool. Yeah, I know some people we were selling to like mainly universities. By the time I was there, they have since pivoted since I left. But yeah, it was a horrible sales cycle because of like how much red tape and bureaucracy there was with schools.
Christopher Hume: That's why we try and stick for now while our team's lean, we try and stick with smaller clinics because once you go up to like a hospital system or an organization that has an IT department, game over. If they have it, there's no hope. Trying to fight through the IT regulation, it's so tough.
timyu: Yeah. And like most of the times, like we have to talk to like people for months and then like on like almost half of the meetings, there's like no decision makers in like the call. So it was just. We just be listening to the random university employees kind of just talk about like stuff we weren't really interested in, but we'd have to like sit through the calls and stuff like that.
Christopher Hume: Yeah, that's, that's the other thing is making sure that you don't waste too much time on these calls. You have to, you know, you can't be too, too picky with your leads. But at a certain point, there has to be some sort of qualification. We, we had a huge issue with that right when I joined, when we just had, like, I don't know, bots scammer, I don't know who. Just scheduling meetings with us, like, filling our entire calendar and just no one would show up to anything.
timyu: Wow.
Christopher Hume: We had to add some screeners up to.
timyu: Does that sound fun?
Christopher Hume: No. No. Anything else?
timyu: Tim, that's it for me.
Christopher Hume: This is great. Love getting to meet you. Really appreciate you taking the time to apply to interview, to bear with me on these questions. And then, yeah, as I said, we should have a decision on next steps to you by next week. If you don't hear from us by next Friday, just reach out. And I'm always tracking my email so I'll get it answered to you real quick.
timyu: Awesome. Sounds good.
Christopher Hume: Awesome. Thanks, Tim. Appreciate your time. Have a good weekend.
timyu: Thank you for your time. Take care.