Lee Harrold: Hi, jennifer. How's it going?
Jennifer Scott: All right. Let's see. Okay, now, I got Emily there from this morning. There ought to be some way. There you were also.
Emily Kaiser: Okay, just loading.
Jennifer Scott: Perfect. Oh, okay. I didn't realize it was all of us. Okay.
Lee Harrold: Yeah, yeah. We have a whole crew.
Jennifer Scott: How can we.
Lee Harrold: All right.
Jennifer Scott: Okay?
Emily Kaiser: Jennifer, I know we spoke morning. Be able to give us a little bit more information on eprescription.
Jennifer Scott: All right.
Emily Kaiser: But I know Lee a little bit helpful. Jennifer was also kind of interested in job audit as well. If that does come into play in our conversation today.
Lee Harrold: Sounds great. Yeah, I don't know very much about those, but I can call someone in who does jot.
Jennifer Scott: Bill, not so much. But the audit, that's really interesting, right?
Lee Harrold: So tell me a little bit, Jennifer, about you and. And your practice. Like what. What makes. What makes JRX interesting? Are you?
Jennifer Scott: Well, I mean. You know, since 2011, I've had. I've had my practice, which is an Apple medical practice, dental office, you know, program. And so, you know, it has a lot of good features that I'm used to it since. I've been doing it since 2011. But you've written off a lot. Anyway, so I'm interested to hear about it and. And there's a specific thing that would be good for little practices. But like because my practice farms out the prescription program to new crop, it's called. It's not integrated. So, like, I can't check to make sure that none of my patients have aged onto Medicare or. Have when. When the last prescription was without looking, you know, individually or whatever. So, like, it'd be sure, right, to run a. Be able to run a report that was date of last prescription and the patient's name and date of last appointment. That would save me some embarrassing hassles.
Lee Harrold: Understood. Yeah, that makes sense. That kind of integration is. Yeah. Something that I think is uniquely positioned to offer.
Jennifer Scott: Right. Right. So lanoby. And I don't know, I've been writing prescriptions.
Jennifer Scott: Yeah, 25 years now. So if you got.
Lee Harrold: Do you currently use any prescription platform?
Jennifer Scott: Well, it's the McPractice prescription platform that is run by. You know, I guess the contractor or whatever, whatever sort of relationship they have with New Crop, it's. It's called, you know, and it's an electronic prescription program. Since, you know, in these schedule two drugs have to be that way now in the US and all of that.
Lee Harrold: Cool.
Jennifer Scott: I sort of joined up with you guys early on, I guess.
Lee Harrold: Fairly early for the whole ride.
Jennifer Scott: So any. You know, I'm fond of you guys, if you have any questions for me then, like if you happen to wonder why I do doctors, do X or, you know, why is this such a pain in the ass feel.
Jennifer Scott: Free to ask me. It's always often wrong, but never uncertain. That's me.
Emily Kaiser: Love it.
Jennifer Scott: Great.
Lee Harrold: I must add. Then I think what I can do. Since you're interested in thinking, look into the portal before we get you into it yourself. I'm going to log into. An account that has sort of like, a fake user inside of it. So if you give me a sec, I can get that pulled up.
Jennifer Scott: Sure. We've had fun over the years, giving my husband various diseases and whatnot. Test subject count.
Lee Harrold: Whereabouts in the country are you, Jennifer?
Jennifer Scott: I wrote down a Pacific Northwest.
Lee Harrold: Oh, fantastic. I grew up in. Suburbs of Seattle, so I yearned for the trees.
Jennifer Scott: You heard the trees.
Lee Harrold: Yeah, yeah. Which part of the Pacific Northwest?
Jennifer Scott: So, you know, it's a suburb of Portland and Hillsboro, sort of. Let it go before. Until fell all hard times, I sort of ran the secret underground railroad to free the intel slaves.
Lee Harrold: Yeah, I imagine a lot of the. Talk therapy, surrounded around, you know, teams of wanting to do more and push oneself harder and feeling they're letting themselves down.
Jennifer Scott: Right, Right. We're being driven crazy by, you know, unscrupulous two beats or, you know.
Lee Harrold: Yeah. Leadership at that time was pretty demanding, too, for a friend who worked. Who worked there, in that area there. I think they're worth Polaris now.
Jennifer Scott: The happiest tell people that I meant were the the three member basically the firewall patrol. I only met one from from theirs ADHD anyway so I don't know why I found it so amusing. Maybe just because I don't know anything about electronics but software, but a huge part of it was basically firewall by obsolescence. Sort of. Sort of coboling, you know, like the ancient shit.
Lee Harrold: I'm finding I've been locked out of all of my test accounts, so I'm sort of. Creating one in real time.
Jennifer Scott: Well.
Lee Harrold: So I apologize for the delay here.
Jennifer Scott: That's all right. Maybe I'll just start chewing.
Jennifer Scott: Feel free to. So one thing that drives me crazy with my practice is. The prescription program, I said. By my accounts, it's a very limited number of spaces that I get to write. So I like to really write it what I want with the. Practice is a few enough spaces that I have to dumb it down or I have to do sort of prescription haiku. Don't do that. That will be a maybe not everyone is.
Lee Harrold: Tech savvy, so to speak.
Jennifer Scott: No, I brought text. However you. More people are willing to settle for take one of these twice a day, but lots of people won't be. You know?
Lee Harrold: Yeah.
Jennifer Scott: We can. You know, like, don't stress out where you can always reschedule, too.
Lee Harrold: I think I'm almost there.
Jennifer Scott: All right.
Lee Harrold: Although, I guess, yeah, while I'm pulling this up, Let's see. Emily. Who knows? Who could. Who could help Jennifer with. With jot Bill.
Emily Kaiser: Jackson, I think. Okay. That's a good. I'm not 100% sure, to be honest.
Lee Harrold: Yeah, let me. Let me shoot a message.
Emily Kaiser: Okay?
Jennifer Scott: I hope you guys had good lunches.
Lee Harrold: Had this incredible lentil soup.
Lee Harrold: What are you eating now?
Jennifer Scott: Goat cheese.
Emily Kaiser: Good path.
Jennifer Scott: Good stuff, Nice and sour. It must really be it. I just can't even imagine all the. To be able to get all the accurate, up to date info on all the pharmacies in the United States and all the rest of it.
Lee Harrold: Oh, yeah, no, it's a super involved problem, like, very confident.
Lee Harrold: And it's, it's comparable to, like, the, the, the, the insurance problem where you have, like, a lot of independent organizations who are, you know, independently responsible for reporting their information upward.
Jennifer Scott: Pharmacists are part of the team, but the insurance company is the enemy. That's a different.
Lee Harrold: Yeah, there's, like, an adversarial relationship.
Jennifer Scott: It's a cold war.
Lee Harrold: Okay? This patient has this.
Jennifer Scott: You know, I thought of another thing that'd be cool.
Lee Harrold: Yeah.
Jennifer Scott: I don't know. Maybe this is too specialized. So it'd be kind of cool if there was a way to easily. Divide. So, like, say I'm writing something. And I have disability for ssd or something. And I want to. I want to show. Gives the guy the money. Damn. Damn it. You know, because he's been on 25 different medicines from six different classes. And.
Lee Harrold: Yeah, like, it's. It's pretty. It's. It's pretty clear that this person. Yeah. Should be reimbursed. Right. Right.
Jennifer Scott: So, you know, it just be fun if. It could just. Bless the ball out. Alphabetically by class.
Lee Harrold: Oh, I see. Yeah.
Jennifer Scott: That's a little bit false because. Since psychiatry is. So we have the big problem with the billions and billions of neurons. Most of what we do is off label, and so we're sort of like a farmer that uses every part of the pig, you know, including the curl and the tail kind of thing. A drug that's used in epilepsy at big doses might be used in tiny little doses because a tiny little doses, it, it boosts serotonin. High grade brain lube in people. That's a useful thing. So, you know. It's sort of limited as far as, you know, what. What are we using that for? But, yeah, you know, it still would be sort of nice to have that. Roughly.
Lee Harrold: So, Jennifer, I think. I think what I'm going to do here, if you're open to it, Would you be interested in, like, if I onboarded you into our eprescription platform, would you be interested in trialing it at a. At a reduced rate for a little while and kind of deciding whether or not you. You want it? You want to jump in with both feet before you.
Jennifer Scott: Sure. Sure. Because. Yeah. I mean. You know, you guys have a hard barrier to overcome. Just because I've been through. You know, a whole bunch of. Iterations and, you know, like, we went from the DSM 9 to the DSM to N.
Jennifer Scott: And oh, my God, the horror. The horror. You know, it's crazy.
Lee Harrold: Yeah. The DSM thing that completely ogles my mind, you know, it's like.
Jennifer Scott: Well, we don't even do them, and insurance companies don't. Do the DSM, right. They do the ICD10. Right.
Lee Harrold: But as, as, like, you know, you have to completely change your conception of what is and isn't a valid sort of diagnosis.
Jennifer Scott: Well, so luckily, you know, the ic, the rest of the world is up to. I see 11, but which is a whole different conception, like the last time. 2013, I think it was.
Lee Harrold: We.
Jennifer Scott: We went from. I don't know. I forget what it was, but some. Something incredible. Like 15,000 codes to 67,000 codes or something like that. So, you know, completely whole different number schema, right?
Lee Harrold: So to get this. To get this rolling, can I ask you to share your screen and then I can walk you through this onboarding process?
Jennifer Scott: Okay. Hopefully I retained my lesson from this morning, my dear.
Lee Harrold: Oh, and how to. How to press the screen Turbo?
Emily Kaiser: I'm sure you will do great, but let us know if you.
Lee Harrold: 're a fantastic teacher.
Jennifer Scott: Yeah.
Lee Harrold: All right, we're in. You did it. Yeah.
Lee Harrold: Okay, have you logged into Jacksike?
Jennifer Scott: So now I have this. I don't know. I have this calendar thing that we don't want. To do.
Lee Harrold: Consider it.
Jennifer Scott: Go back. All right, so I'm. I'm looking at something that we don't want, obviously.
Lee Harrold: So you can, you can pick, like to share your entire screen if you want to go back and press.
Lee Harrold: The like share button.
Jennifer Scott: Let's see. Did I press this with my tummy or. There we go. Okay.
Lee Harrold: Sometimes I use my tongue. It's very sensitive.
Jennifer Scott: Okay. How do I get rid of this sucker here?
Lee Harrold: Yeah, yeah, there's. There's, like, three tabs. There should be one on the far right that says share like, entire screen. And then I can, like, take a look at your tabs and stuff.
Jennifer Scott: Okay, so. All right, so I have the calendar thing in front of my face. How do I get rid of that?
Lee Harrold: Can you describe what. What you're saying?
Jennifer Scott: Okay, so, you know, I brought up Google Calendar to get in here. I mean, my email. Right. So it's. That's taking up the bulk of this. The screen in front of me, and then the three of us are in little squares.
Lee Harrold: Okay, so go to where we're in squares.
Jennifer Scott: Okay, meeting tools. All right.
Lee Harrold: Yeah. And then there should be a button somewhere on there if you mouse over, that'll get you to the main. Right. Share page and let me know when you're there.
Jennifer Scott: Well, you know. Such hopefulness. Okay.
Lee Harrold: No. Sorry about that.
Jennifer Scott: All right. So, Emily, can you tell where I'm at and what I'm doing?
Emily Kaiser: I'm trying to understand. So you see us in our meeting.
Jennifer Scott: I see us in our meeting? Sort of like this in a little Three
Lee Harrold: of Us, where if I'm on a different tab, Google Meet will, like, show up in the corner. And then provide a mini menu.
Jennifer Scott: Well.
Lee Harrold: And then somewhere, somewhere on that mini menu, there's an option to see the whole screen, but I can't seem to. Get to a different page that has that.
Jennifer Scott: Right. Let's see. Unavailable record, transcribe, chat with everyone. No. Oh, wait. All right.
Emily Kaiser: Okay, so, Jennifer, if you go back to our meeting and you go down to that the bottom menu where you see the microphone, In that little laptop, arrow pointing up. That's how you share your screen. Are you able to navigate to that?
Jennifer Scott: Yeah. So then. So the choices are present something else. And stop sharing.
Lee Harrold: Awesome. Yeah. Present something else is what we want.
Jennifer Scott: Okay, so then I want to be with Scott and Lee or jot. Psych. Okay, sure. Okay? And we're up and running. All right.
Lee Harrold: Fantastic. So at the top left, there's a hamburger menu, sort of C3 horizontal bars. I'll have you click on that.
Jennifer Scott: Oh, okay. Horizontal.
Lee Harrold: It's, like, right next to the search bar where it says jazz.
Jennifer Scott: Yeah. Right.
Lee Harrold: Like, four lines.
Jennifer Scott: Well, I click on it and nothing happens.
Lee Harrold: Nothing's happened. Oh, that's interesting.
Jennifer Scott: Maybe I need to go all the way to the top or something. Here. No, I wrote a line. All right, okay.
Lee Harrold: That was crazy. I've never.
Jennifer Scott: It just upload templates, start from scratch.
Lee Harrold: I really expected that button to work. Can you. Is there a way you can zoom out of your screen a little? I'm wondering if, like, by pressing that button. If the current zoom means that. No.
Jennifer Scott: All right.
Lee Harrold: The menu will open. No, that's okay. I'm. I.
Jennifer Scott: It's. Can you see that? You see what?
Emily Kaiser: I'm like, are we sharing a screen? Your. Your cursor. But it looked different. That's what I'm trying to figure out here. If something happened in the trailer.
Jennifer Scott: Start from scratch. All right, so we have dot type there.
Lee Harrold: Are you on a Mac or a Windows machine? Awesome. Can I have you hold the command button next to the spacebar? And then at the top, like, right part of your keyboard next to the delete button. Can you press the minus key while you're holding command?
Jennifer Scott: All right.
Lee Harrold: Do that, like, two times. Nothing is happening.
Jennifer Scott: All right. Minus, as in a dash?
Lee Harrold: Yeah. Yeah.
Jennifer Scott: All right. Command.
Lee Harrold: Okay, maybe click. Right next to where it says Job Psych on the screen, and then there we go.
Jennifer Scott: See this is right. Sharing with this tab. It says so. It seems like it's right.
Lee Harrold: Okay, I'm going to send a link to you, and you can click on that link, and then maybe that'll get us to where. I know this is exciting.
Jennifer Scott: Jennifer breaks the computer. All right.
Lee Harrold: This is a real, real comedy of Eric on my part. This is very fun.
Emily Kaiser: I always say this is the hardest part, is navigating to where we need to be.
Lee Harrold: Yes.
Jennifer Scott: Well, I'm glad it's not unique to me. All right, so I'm just lurking.
Lee Harrold: Yeah, just.
Lee Harrold: Just my inbox. I'm going to send you.
Jennifer Scott: All right.
Lee Harrold: Okay. So. I'm sending a message to this chat. And this is a link not to my email. Okay. I can send it to your email. Yeah, actually, I. You said you're there. I'll send it to your email.
Jennifer Scott: I'll just refresh it. Nothing yet.
Lee Harrold: All right. I just sent it.
Jennifer Scott: All right, perfect. Takes longer. You didn't think to get across the country? There we go. All right? Ra. Okay. Welcome to jot psych. All right. Log in. Are we completely.
Jennifer Scott: Allowed this time, okay?
Lee Harrold: Okay, so now I need you to go back to Google. To the Google Meet and then, like, switch to share this screen that has the link that I just sent you.
Jennifer Scott: Okay, share this tab instead.
Lee Harrold: Okay, perfect. This is. This is actually good. Now. Now I think the share screen button. And then instead of sharing a single tab or a window, I'll have you share the entire screen.
Jennifer Scott: Okay, we're getting there. Also share tab entire screen, okay? Got it. All right.
Lee Harrold: It's starting. I see. I see it at the bottom there. It's coming up. It's going to happen. I'm so excited. Any minute. What is it? Waiting for the suspense.
Emily Kaiser: I don't mean to abandon you. All right, we're in. It gets good, but I have to run. I have a meeting at 3.
Lee Harrold: Well. Talk to you later, Emily. Thanks so much.
Emily Kaiser: Have fun.
Jennifer Scott: Well, thank you. So dearly. I sorted. Also happened.
Lee Harrold: Ah. Okay.
Jennifer Scott: I have to talk about, you know, misery and whatnot, but wow.
Lee Harrold: We can. We can do two things. One, we can reschedule. And two, the link that I sent you to should have a little banner at the top of the screen. So if you wanted to on onboard yourself, you could. And you could let me know, and I could credit you for the reduced rate. Or again. We could just wait until we do it again when we were scheduled. Which do you want to do?
Jennifer Scott: I need some direction, okay?
Lee Harrold: And I will send a reschedule link. And we can try again.
Jennifer Scott: We can try again. All right. We'll blame it on, you know, ice.
Lee Harrold: That's a good. That's a good. Good person to blame it on, I think.
Jennifer Scott: All right. Okay. See you later, sweetman. Bye. Bye. Okay, let's see if I don't know how to get out here, okay?