Florence Ukeni: Hey, Florence.
Adam Harrison: How are you?
Florence Ukeni: I'm good. Can you hear me all right?
Adam Harrison: Yeah, yeah. Can you hear me okay?
Florence Ukeni: Yes, perfect.
Adam Harrison: Awesome. How is your Wednesday going?
Florence Ukeni: Well, that's what I was just about to ask you. Are you in Chicago?
Adam Harrison: I am not. I am in New York. Yeah. How about you?
Florence Ukeni: I'm in Chicago, so I was gonna say, like, the weather right now, like, I woke up this morning, and it's like a. Like a nose, like. Like, it's, like, snowing, but, like, sheets of, like, sleep. So it's like this crazy, like, weather outside, but I'm staying nice and warm, so. Too much.
Adam Harrison: Yeah. It's that time of year, right.
Florence Ukeni: With Chicago especially. Too late. It feels like it should have been here for Christmas, and now we're, like, mid January, and all of a sudden, you know.
Adam Harrison: Yeah. Yeah, that's what I heard from my friend in Chicago.
Adam Harrison: It's, you know, has been pretty mild so far, so I don't know
Florence Ukeni: if that's a good or a bad thing.
Adam Harrison: Yeah. Yeah. Well, time will tell, I guess.
Florence Ukeni: Time will tell.
Adam Harrison: Well, I wanted to thank you, first of all for, you know, number one, applying and taking the time to do so, and then number two, being a little flexible on scheduling. I know this was like, you know, kind of over the holidays. We were initially, you know, like, going back and forth over email. I was out last week, so I was think, thinking I might try to squeeze it in, but, you know, I kind of decided, well, I'll just wait till I'm back, you know, next week.
Adam Harrison: So thank you for your. Thank you for your patience and, yeah. Bearing with us there always a complex time. Yeah.
Adam Harrison: So I think, you know, purpose of this call is super short. It's just sort of a quick kind of get to know you, so. So wanted to kind of first of all introduce myself, share a little bit more about the role, and then also very curious to get to know you a bit more and kind of also learn more about what you're looking for next in terms of your kind of career and your next role, and then answer any early initial questions you have and kind of outline the next steps in the process. So with that in mind, I can kind of kick off. So. So, yeah, my name is Adam. I am leading up things that are, you know, in the, like, growth and marketing domain here at Jotsych. In terms of my background, I started my career in consulting, spent some time in private equity as well, and then joined the Jotsy team here right around this time last year. So I've been here just about a year or so. And, yeah, over time, you know, my responsibilities have evolved more into kind of. Kind of everything related to the marketing world. So the website, you know, the advertisements we do on Meta and Google and LinkedIn and other places and yeah, a little bit of background context on the role. You know, myself by background, I'm more of like a analytical person as opposed to, like a creative person. So I am totally good with, like, doing the setup and, you know, analytics around how our marketing campaigns are performing. But where I'm really not as strong and really, as a company where we're not as strong is actually coming up with the creative ideas of and producing the content that we want to put out into the world. So mainly that is sort of in the domain of, like, advertisements that we would put on Meta, so Instagram and Facebook. But it also includes things like blog posts that we would write about, you know, ourself, our industry, our competitors, how we see AI sort of affecting behavioral health. It also includes things like the website, which we're currently doing a big overhaul of. So, yeah, I think this role that we're looking for really has a lot of room to grow into sort of potentially like a, you know, head of content or something like that for. For, like, our, you know, marketing organization. But I think for the, like, very, very near term, what we're focused on is, you know, getting some more creative juice into our, like, you know, ads engine. So that's a little bit of context. Not sure if that is helpful or if that prompts more questions.
Florence Ukeni: Absolutely. I mean, it does prompt some questions, but it's a good overview.
Adam Harrison: Perfect, perfect. So I guess let's feel free to maybe save some of those questions for the last few minutes. So. And then, you know, I guess just in this time, would love to hear more about you and, like, your background, what you're kind of looking for, what prompted you to apply and, you know, and then we can kind of take your questions at the end.
Florence Ukeni: Yeah, absolutely. I think, like, the first thing that kind of like comes to mind when I'm hearing you just, like, talk about the role and stuff is that there are a lot of buzzwords, I think, that directly apply to kind of what I've been doing for the past few months and like, how I've been developing my career, which I think is very exciting and, like, definitely, obviously, like, a place for opportunity. So I graduated UChicago back in May, and before I graduated, I wore a lot of hats. I worked a lot of jobs to kind of just like, I paid my own rent, like, got myself through school. So, like, at all times, like, I was working a part two part time jobs on campus, and then at all times, pretty much every semester, at least one internship. On off campus virtually kind of. So my two roles on campus were students Communications assistant at the Molecular Engineering School, which I started first year, I'm pretty sure and worked all the way until fourth year. And the second job was with Booth with the AI Research Center. And that was also like a social media ux. Ux. I design role as an intern that I came on as and now I kind of, when I graduated had the choice between working full time between either Pritzker or Booth. Ended up choosing Booth for a lot of reasons that have a lot to align a lot with what you just said about jot Psych. It was our director was leaving obviously, like AI is a very up and coming field. So there was a lot going on in terms of just development of the center and like the research that was happening. So we were getting a new team kind of with a new direction, like new goals, like Boots. I was really on like the center for Applied AI, like trying to make that like a hub and like a new like kind of like just like spot within the center. So there was a lot of just like, you know, like new creative direction and kind of like grasp like I had been there for a while but just kind of like taking like a step in terms of rebranding and being on like the forefront of just like what that means in terms of social media, what that means in terms of our stories, our blog posts, like how we're presenting. The center became a very small team. So it was just like at the current moment and as it has been, we had one person leave pretty recently. It's me and the director of communications. So it's a two man team, a lot of eyes on us and obviously like that is, I mean in some ways a lot of pressure, but in a lot of ways has also like catapulted a lot of personal growth. I would say for myself, I've had a lot of independent work and just like a lot of like independence in terms of like what I'm doing, what I'm creating, what I'm learning in terms of making new content, like doing iterations, seeing what works, what doesn't. Like I'm pretty much the only one in charge of like the social media. I think like the most rewarding part of that has been like incorporating these new campaigns and watching the center grow. I mean like, so our main thing right now is LinkedIn. I know isn't meta, but like we have, I don't know, like, I think like 200 new followers a week or something at this point, at this rate. So like growing fast and like I take a lot of pride in like what I've like put in to make that happen and going back to like my internships and stuff. A lot of them were in like marketing for smaller companies. There was one startup with me amenities. I don't know if you've heard of it, but it was like a small startup where I learned a lot of just like back end CRM stuff that like I don't apply as much now because in some ways like the center for apply to is a little bit smaller. In terms of just, like, growth. But I think that one of the biggest things and one of the things that has pushed me over to apply to job psych and just, like, is one of my motivations is there is a lot of structure at Booth and just like, like I said, like, a lot of eyes from Booth Central on the AI's research center right now. And I feel like when something's like, something's just like, so new, like, there's a lot of opportunity. I'm like, throwing out these ideas. Like, I'm spitballing. I'm like, okay, like, let's do this. Like, let's have, like, let's implement this idea. Like, this creative direction, like, this use of graphics, this use of colors, a lot of it is responded with like a, yeah, like, that's a really good idea. But, like, I don't know if Booth Central is going to love that. Like, in terms of just like, red tape, like, structure, like Booth, like branding kit, whatever, which is, like, all totally good and fair. But I think that I just, like, kind of at this point in my career, want the opportunity to kind of like, take my creative direction and roll with it a little bit more without this kind of like these standstills that I'm facing all the time. And so I think that there's just like, hearing also what you're saying about the role. I think kind of just reinforces that kind of idea that it's like, trots, like, I think is a place where I could let the creative juices flow, I guess, in a way, and kind of just like, take, like, continue with the direction that I've kind of had at Booth in terms of just like, rebranding and just like, making a creative direction in, like, a kind of more allowing environment, I guess.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, no, that's super helpful background and totally, totally agree. I think our ideal scenario is one where, you know, this person that we hire for this role is pretty, you know, independently and has a lot of, like, degrees of freedom in terms of what they can create and ship. We would rather, like, test a bunch of things. And especially if some of them are a little bit, you know, edgy or a little weird or a little creative, like, we're not super, you know, I think, you know, we're probably, I'm going to guess, less rigid, you know, adhering to certain, you
Florence Ukeni: know, kind of the general, like, I think startup culture, I think, and even just like working back when I was working with, with me as a startup, just, like, even just like the brainstorming sessions. And just like the advertisements that were tested, like, I feel like it really emulated that kind of environment. And that's like, kind of what draws me back to startup environment.
Adam Harrison: Awesome. And then one quick question, and then I will let you ask your questions and I can stay a few, few extra minutes. But what have been the main tools that you've used to create content? Has it been like Canva or Figma or Captain? Cut or like I don't know what, what have been like the main
Florence Ukeni: things I would say good combination. I started with Figma back when I was doing more so like building out like mini websites, many landing pages for the specific research we were doing. So that was start to finish and like end to end production on Figma from design to development, which I learned a lot. And now I would say it's primarily Canva Pro for graphics. I've recently been getting into using Adobe Creative Cloud and using that, getting familiar with that software and they have a lot of AI just stuff going on different applications. So I've been kind of getting familiar with that. And then I've been using Cap Cut for mostly audio graphics. I haven't been as. We haven't as a, as a team at the center haven't been as ahead of the curve in terms of AI video editing. So that's somewhere where I'm like looking to actively develop more skills and like add that to like my portfolio and skill set but in like a personal, in like a personal branch. Like I love editing like little vlogs and little videos and for that I primarily do use capcut. So there is a sense of familiarity just across different platforms for both personal and professional use in terms of creation.
Adam Harrison: Awesome. Awesome. Well, great. And then in terms of your preference for this role, do you have a preference for like part time, full time contract? W2 what? Yeah, curious like what that looks like for you. We probably will start with more of like a contract part time role that could evolve but just curious what you're looking for.
Florence Ukeni: Yeah, I think that would work for. I think that's kind of what I was would be looking towards too. I think even looking through the job description the way that I interpreted it was kind of like a contract position to kind of like get a better understanding of like how I fit into jot psych and like the like marketing and creative design process and how like JOT psy also fits into like my like creative elements and just like my like career trajectory I guess. And I think that would also be ideal for me just because it's like I like don't. I've worked this job with Booth for like what a couple it's been. Yeah, a few months and I do like it and it's not something that I kind of want to be like, okay, bye guys, this was fun, see you later, whatever. But I think more so just kind of being able to in a more contract position. Take this direction, these, these assignments and like really like have fun with them and like really like put like have just like an intrinsic motivation. Like it's something that I enjoy doing and just like, like giving my time to, to creating things that I do enjoy creating for like a company that I am passionate about and then kind of going from there. I definitely am open to part time, I definitely am open to full time. But I think at first like would have to. To. Yeah, I feel like it's just like getting a feel for things like getting, getting understanding before making a decision like that.
Adam Harrison: Totally. Okay, that all sounds great. In terms of the next steps, what we will do is by end of week we'll send you like the next step would be like a, we'll work together on sort of like a first kind of take home assignment where we'll, you'll like create something. So we'll share that by end of the week in terms of like what the details are and we can like chat if you have any questions on that after we send that out. But just in the last like few minutes here, do you have any questions for me that I can answer at this.
Florence Ukeni: Yeah, I had one just out of curiosity. Like you said that you kind of like stepped into more of a role of like marketing after a little bit of time of being at the company. I guess two faceted question, but one like did you find yourself doing that out of like interest? Like that was kind of like where like you had a certain level of just like skills and like excitement that like drew you there or like more out of necessity of somebody needing to do that on the team. And I guess the second part of the question is being like, I know like growing a startup is hard and like I feel like I've like kind of learned that firsthand, especially without a marketing team. So just kind of curious like how growth has been like, like how you guys have been growing over the past like few years without a specific push, I guess in marketing.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, great question. So on your first question, I would say it's a combination of both. So was definitely an interest of mine also we had raised a seed round of just about 5, $5 million and we wanted to like put that capital to work. And so you know, I think we needed someone to like allocate the dollars a little bit across channels and campaigns and things like that and felt like, you know, it needed, needed someone to help step into that role. So that's the first part of your question. Second part, I think a lot of our growth has been and we continue to grow every month. A lot of our growth has been organic and through word of mouth, like people referring and their friends and co. Workers and things like that. That was like more of, you know, like our early days as a company. I would say last year we also really ramped up Google and Meta as channels. So we got a lot more people, you know, aware and interested in trying our product through, through actual, like, paid advertising. And so that sort of like, supercharged our growth last year and now this year I think the focus is on. Yeah, I think we were very scrappy last year. We kind of made things work with me creating designs and using a lot of AI tools, but the quality was probably not where it needed to be all the time. And so now I think we really want to step up our game in terms of better creative with, like, you know, people who it is their like, focus and their passion and their specialty combined with like a new website that will sort of nurture and convert people better along the journey. And that is like, our goal for, you know, the first half of this year. So. Yeah, hopefully that answers your question.
Florence Ukeni: And then one, one last question. I don't want to keep you. But in terms of just like, content. So I know that especially like on the job description, there's like a kind of focus on meta Facebook ads. I'm wondering, kind of in the spirit of just like, marketing and growth in like, the next coming months, coming years, is that kind of where Jot Psych sees marketing efforts and advertising efforts being focused is like, within that kind of like meta Facebook, Instagram field are also like, expanding out to like. I don't know, I was like, looking through, like the LinkedIn a little bit and like, saw like a kind of like a lack of activity, but was just wondering if that is like, kind of an area of interest, an area of focus at all. If there are like, kind of like other directions that are just like, ideas but not yet, like, implemented necessarily?
Adam Harrison: Yeah, I think LinkedIn is definitely an area of opportunity for us as well. We just haven't utilized it very much. I think what we found is a lot of our customers are not like, on LinkedIn as much because they're more in the, like, medical world.
Florence Ukeni: So we haven't they more on like, are they more like the target audience is kind of more centered around Meta and Facebook?
Adam Harrison: Yeah, for sure. They're not like, super active on LinkedIn, like clinicians, which. Which is interesting usually when you're selling to, like, businesses and, you know, those kinds of people that are more active on LinkedIn. But this group is just. We have tried LinkedIn. It has. We haven't had a ton of success there's. But I do think, you know, we do want to. As a second horizon, I would say first horizon is. Is probably met in Google. Second horizon is LinkedIn, is, you know, content on our website for, you know, SEO and GEO and all that stuff. So, like, blog posts, you know, white papers, comparison articles with our competitors, all that stuff. Like, there's a lot we're leaving on the table right now, but our first focus is to, like, fix the meta and. Yeah, yeah, like Facebook and Google advertising, which is like, where we've gotten a lot of our traction so far. So we feel like there's more, you know, immediate kind of stuff there to get. But we certainly don't want to, like, limit ourselves to that either, you know, but we do. We. We can only like, do so much at once, so it will probably go in, like, phases.
Florence Ukeni: Yeah. Who's the main competitor, would you say? I just want to.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, we have, we have a, a number of competitors. I would say, like, Freed is probably the most common one. Freed F R E E D. Okay. Blueprint is another one. Heidi Health is another one. Those are probably like the most common ones that we see.
Florence Ukeni: Yeah, I think it's always interesting to take a look at what other people are doing.
Adam Harrison: So, yeah, like, our competitors have right now, like, much more polished websites. They have better, you know, ads. If you look at their ads they're running, they have like, customer testimonials. That's another thing we should be doing is like, collecting and posting those and maybe having a testimonial video. Like, there's just so much to do.
Florence Ukeni: Like what sets jot Psych apart, would you say, from your competitors? Like, even though they have, like, would you say that there's something that you can identify that's more specific? They're just like, yeah, that like, sets Trot Psych apart from. From the others.
Adam Harrison: Yeah. I think for us, our main differentiator is our focus on behavioral health specifically. So a lot of these other competitors are. They also do general medicine. They also do, you know, like, other kinds of medical specialties. And so we really chosen to focus on behavioral health specifically. And so as a result, the note you get and like the templates you see in the platform and the overall experience you have is just like built for you as a psychiatrist or a therapist, whereas these other ones are more like general purpose AI scribes. Where the experience is just generally not as good. Yeah.
Florence Ukeni: Okay. Okay. That makes total sense. That's good to know.
Adam Harrison: Awesome. Well, thank you so much, Florence.
Adam Harrison: I will have to move on because I have to get ready for a customer call here at noon or noon on the East Coast. So. Yeah, I enjoyed our conversation. I'll send you an update over email with kind of the specifics on the next steps and then. Yeah, feel free. We can kind of go, go from there.
Florence Ukeni: Okay, sounds good. Well, it was wonderful to meet you and thank you so much for making the time. Yeah, like.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, likewise. All right. Have a great rest of your Wednesday and rest your week.
Florence Ukeni: All right, Take care.
Adam Harrison: Bye.