dawn Washington: Hi. How are you?
Emily Kaiser: Good. How are you?
dawn Washington: Fine. Thanks. It's nice to meet you. And thanks for meeting with me at this time. I had a patient last minute change. So thank you for being flexible.
Emily Kaiser: Yeah. No, not a problem at all. I am excited that we get to meet and go. So, Don, we have a lot of just developmental things going on here at JATSAC, so I want to be sure that I'm answering and kind of speaking on the right things that you're interested in today. So if you could tell me, are you now this is just kind of like a general demo, correct? Of learning Jot.
dawn Washington: Yeah, I'm familiar with it. I've used the demos in the past, but you told me I guess there was some updates. I'm not really. I don't really need anything, like, with, like, billing and coding or anything like that necessarily because I have a small business that I'm using, too. So they kind of assist me with that. And my main job assist with that. But it's more of, like, the scribing service that I really need to help me reduce my charting time. Okay.
Emily Kaiser: Yeah. Okay. I can definitely show you some stuff. Okay. And then I can show you some of our newer features as well. So again, just so I can tailor the demo, can you tell me, are you. Do you have a private practice or you're part of a clinic?
dawn Washington: What does your work? Yeah. Do both. Yes, ma'am.
Emily Kaiser: Okay, very cool. And how many patients do you see about.
dawn Washington: Per day? Yeah. Oh, that can range 15 to sometimes 22 or 23 in a day. Okay.
Emily Kaiser: And that's between wealth practices.
dawn Washington: Right. Yes, ma'am.
Emily Kaiser: Well, you are busy.
dawn Washington: Yeah, it's very busy. Which is why the scribing is so great. It really helps me with my. My time. You know, stay on time. So that's.
Emily Kaiser: That's awesome. Yeah, totally. So let me go ahead and share my screen here.
dawn Washington: Okay.
Emily Kaiser: So when is the last time you use jog?
dawn Washington: It's been a little while. I'm using, like, more of a chat GPT right now.
Emily Kaiser: Oh, okay. Yeah. Jobs like it's specific to behavioral health, which is great, because we are. I mean, we're looking. We're forming your notes based off of all things specific to behavioral health and specific to your workflow. But you mentioned billing is covered, which is great, but we also have payer aware notes. So if you use any of the newer features as far as jot bill, jot audit, that you'll probably see today, just give you a little bit of background. I know it might not be something that is applicable for you right now, but it basically jot Bill helps clinicians build notes and does billing code suggest billing codes based off of that payer of information that we have on your patient. Does that make sense?
dawn Washington: Yeah, absolutely.
Emily Kaiser: Okay, so I can kind of walk through and show you. So basically to record a session, what you would do is you go to record. Let me go ahead and enable my microphone. So here you would attach a patient. So for now, we will just click. These are all demo patients. So you may see some information that's contradicting. Okay, so we'll just click Alfred. You select a patient. You select what type of appointment that you are doing. So whether that's intake, follow up, telehealth, whatever it may be, and then you can also edit this list, add a new appointment type. I'll show you that also in the template. So for now, we'll just go ahead and do follow up. And then you would start recording. I do want to see. John Doe has a little bit more information in his profile because I do use him for more demos. I'm just trying to see. I'm trying to see if one populates, basically showing you the features below where it'll give you information here, then tell you exactly what happened in the last encounter with this person. Okay. You all demographic information, medication information and diagnose these information. So we're hearing over here at jot psych that there are so many systems needed for clinicians to go through their day to day. And people are feeling super bogged down by that alone, just kind of switching from all the systems, trying to gather all the information before the appointment for insurance, for billing, whatever it may be, people are exhausted. So we are working here at drought psych to kind of be a one stop shop where you can manage all of those things from one screen so there's no jumping around.
dawn Washington: Oh, wow.
Emily Kaiser: Just to give you a little bit of background on why we're making these developments and just knowing that information, all of this may seem a little bit more seamless, you know?
dawn Washington: Yeah. Right. Do you guys do escribe as well?
Emily Kaiser: Yeah.
dawn Washington: Yeah. Oh, wow. Okay. That'll be great for my small business.
Emily Kaiser: Yeah. Yeah. So actually, we are doing a jot start. I don't know if you've seen anything come through just on your email if you're on our list. But jot start basically is helping clinicians start up their website and also helping them with credentialing because clinicians that are a part of a clinic and want to move to a private practice or doing both like yourself. They're overwhelmed with, you know, getting started. So jot start is just kind of to do a little bit of hand holding and help with the, the background of that process, because we know it can be a lot, especially while maintaining your other roles out in the world. So let me show you. So that is basically how you start recording. Do you have any questions here before I move on?
dawn Washington: No, I'm familiar with that process.
Emily Kaiser: Okay. So let me go over. And so you know how the note forms and you're familiar with that. Okay. So right into the patient then. So this is your patient profile. I'm not sure if this was something that you've used before, but so, as you can see, this is, I don't have any coverage information in here right now, but this is where your payers would be found, like your payer mix. So based off of all of this information, this would pre populate. So let's go into Rowena here because Rowena is set up as a fake patient that I can prescribe to so I can show you. Basically every time you record with Rowena, this is her patient overview profile. So every time you record with Rowena, it's going to add to this profile. It's going to build. So you're going to see everything from all history of patient encounters, patient forms that you've sent to Rowena last encounter information, any treatment plan, diagnoses, medication, medication timelines, all of those things. You also have the ability to send forms directly to the patient, request labs, create generate clinical document, send any follow-up to the patient, as well as collect payment. So a lot of people that I speak to, if you're, if you've used jot psych, they haven't all used the patient profile to its internity. Or entirety, I should say. And so I just kind of like to highlight those things because a lot of people don't know that all of these things are available to them at one page. So here is also where you prescribe. So this is what happens, basically. So you click send prescription and you can do this directly in the note as well. So the whole purpose of this is the fact that you can prescribe without leaving the chart.
dawn Washington: Well, that's great.
Emily Kaiser: Yes. Yes. So our prescribing partner is dose bot. So basically what happens is, oh, I have to share my full screen so you can see where I just went. Give me one second. Now, Dawn, where are you located?
dawn Washington: I'm in Virginia, Williamsburg. Nice. Yeah. How about you?
Emily Kaiser: I'm in Michigan.
dawn Washington: Oh, okay. Yeah. How's the weather?
Emily Kaiser: Actually, these last two days were hitting seven days. Oh, that's great.
dawn Washington: Amazing. Yeah. We're going to hit 80 today.
Emily Kaiser: I can't wait.
dawn Washington: Yeah. Because you guys stay cold up there and snowy.
Emily Kaiser: Yeah. So I am excited to see this.
dawn Washington: Yeah, that's nice.
Emily Kaiser: Okay, so you're going to see a little bit of mirroring as I share because I'm sharing my entire screen here so you can fully see it. So give me one second. I don't mean to make you dizzy. Okay. Okay. Can you see this? Yes. Okay, so we're going to just jump back in. So, for example, Rowena, if we wanted to send her a prescription, just click send prescription. In the second window opens up. To our do spot. And basically, this is the information you'll see. So you'll see any drug allergies if it's in there. But most importantly, I mean, that is important. But you will also see facial information, insurance information, pharmacy, default pharmacy information, as well as prescriptions that Romina from jot site after I put in.
dawn Washington: Okay, that's great.
Emily Kaiser: Wow. Okay. Yeah, exactly. So the cool thing about this is there's no need to enter in double information. Like, you don't need to enter in patient information twice. You don't need to enter insurance information twice, and you basically don't need to leave the chart to add a prescription. So just super convenient for, again, just not having to navigate so many systems or having the mental capacity to be like, okay, I gotta remember to go send that where you can just click a button and then you add a prescription. And then you do you want me to search a certain type of medication. What is typical for you?
dawn Washington: Oh, Lexapro is good. Lex a P R O. Yeah.
Emily Kaiser: So then you can see it pre populates down here. So we'll just go ahead and click 10 milligrams. And then this is going to pop up. You'll see any code information. It'll ask you to fill out all of these little boxes here, and then you create medication and then you're good to go.
dawn Washington: So is there. Checks and balances in place for, like, interactions with meds and things like that that'll pop up?
Emily Kaiser: Let me go back here. Go to Romina's main profile and do spot. Let me see. So willingness prescriptions down here. So self reported medications as well as prescription.
Emily Kaiser: So you should see everything here.
dawn Washington: I guess my question is, like, does it flag if there's, like, a med interaction between two meds that you might prescribe? Or give you any type of information on?
Emily Kaiser: That's a good question. I am not sure on that, but let me get back to you, if that's okay.
dawn Washington: That would be great. Let me write that. I know some systems do. They'll be like, hey, this has an interaction with this one or whatever the case may be.
Emily Kaiser: Yeah. Okay. Just making a note here. Yeah. Let me get back to you on that one. I can send you a just to let you know. But, yes, this is basically jot RX. So from there, you could go back to job psych back in Rowena's profile and all of that medication history and medication information would be stored here. So you can see, like, a timeline of all the medications that Romina has been on while in your care. You can also see just general information. You can also prescribe here. You'll notice once you get up and running with jot RX, there's a few different spaces in Jot psych where you can just go and prescribe, and it's just super convenient as far as you can prescribe here. You can prescribe up here. And then I believe you can also prescribe inside the note. Okay.
dawn Washington: For the labs, you can just order the labs right there. I've never actually.
Emily Kaiser: What this is. I'll show you here. So you are. Yeah. Requesting information, basically for a lab order. So you put all this information in. And then you select what type of lab test you would like to add. Anything we do have pre populated ones. So baseline lab bundle. And then you can select from eight different tests.
dawn Washington: Oh, that's great.
Emily Kaiser: Wow. And if I hover over here, you can see exactly what that includes. Or you can kind of go down and individual tests here.
dawn Washington: Yeah. And then it goes once it formulates. Do you, do you have to send it to, like, a certain. Does it have an area where you send to a specific. To go or do they get an e slip?
Emily Kaiser: Okay. Yeah. So it's a, it's a lab request. Okay. That goes directly to the patient via email or phone number. And you do have in the basic plan you have five labs that you can do. And then as you kind of create your own plan, we're doing more of an a la carte pricing these days because we're doing so much. So basically you can walk through pricing, but you can create or you can select just doing like the basic jot psych package, which is the AI scribe. Okay. You get like 40 free audits, which is a feature in our job bill as well as five free lab orders just to allow you to, like, test out these features and decide if you wanted to purchase something further.
dawn Washington: Oh, okay.
Emily Kaiser: Okay. So let me go up here. Any other questions on these buttons down here? So follow up.
dawn Washington: Cayman.
Emily Kaiser: It is. Yeah. Yeah. So one thing I do want to show you. Let me see. What is the best way to show you jot audit? Because like I said, you get 40 free audits.
dawn Washington: Sorry. No, you're good. And this is the audit for the billing component.
Emily Kaiser: Yes, exactly.
Emily Kaiser: So for some reason my notes, I have a few different demo accounts, and this one's been giving me trouble today.
dawn Washington: No worries.
Emily Kaiser: Let me. See here. So if you can still see my screen, this is just a preview of jot start. So this is kind of showing you basically what I was kind of going through. So talking about credentialing and starting your own professional website. Okay, here we go. Okay, so John Doe, obviously a demo patient, but if I go in. And I'm wondering because it is a demo patient, it's if it's going to show you exactly what it would want to audit, but I can show you the gist here. So on the side, this is your note, as you're probably familiar with. And then we have an AI assistant to where if you click edit. This is how you, this is where you can put in input to say, like, make the HPI shorter or put this in bullet points or adjust the notes, and then it just kind of does it right here. But you're also training the AI to really know that what your preferred format is. So there's less editing needed as you go.
dawn Washington: That's great.
Emily Kaiser: Wow. And then audit, like I said, this is a demo patient. And because I've used it for John Doe for a few different demos, you may notice that some of the information is just doesn't make a whole bunch of sense because it had different conversations on, on this. So it probably isn't going to pre populate audit for us. But this is where it would flag. It would say four, it would give you a notification for the number four and it would hover over the word audit and then it would, you would go in and it would say, based off of this person's payer information, this is how we suggest that you change your note before you fill it.
dawn Washington: Okay. Wow. That's great.
Emily Kaiser: Yeah. Just kind of being a one stop shop for clinician. This just to kind of go over everything I was just showing somebody this. This is jot bill. How do you currently handle billing?
dawn Washington: Is pretty easy through the LLC. It's a, they kind of have, you know, pre populated what codes to use for what encounters. Oh, okay.
Emily Kaiser: You personally.
dawn Washington: There's a department that works on that for one of my jobs. The other, for the other job. I'm pretty familiar with the codes. So, you know, we just, we just kind of decide which one is the best fitting one based on the encounter. Okay, for sure.
Emily Kaiser: So it sounds like you have a down pat, which is great because a lot.
dawn Washington: It causes, you know, headache if you don't know. Yeah, that's for sure.
Emily Kaiser: Yeah, we're, we developed drop build because we have heard that it's just not. It's a frustrating process. It's time consuming and it doesn't always guarantee payments.
dawn Washington: That's true.
Emily Kaiser: So this is just kind of, and I, it may not be applicable to you, but because I have you here on the phone, I can kind of show you all of it. This is kind of the last portion of the new features that we're bringing in. So I'll just run through it really quickly. But basically jotville is a hybrid between AI and human billing engine where we, the AI audits your system, it analyzes it for you. Based off of payer specific rules, coding accuracy, claim readiness. And then our human billing specialist specialist actually go through and they validate that. So together, it just kind of creates a super clean, fast system before all of your stuff goes through billing, actually. So this is kind of a breakdown of how that all happens. So pre-encounter eligibility happens. So before your appointments, job bill is confirming your patient's insurance is acted and doing all of that prep that you typically would either handle yourself or see done if you used a system like grow or headway. And then during the encounter, jot seg writes a clean payer aware note. So based off of that person's insurance, it is tailoring the note to the right CPT codes, the right type of visit, the right payer rules, and gently prompts you from any missing information. After the encounter is once you sign job bill checks the coding accuracy, validates the claim and submits it. And then you always have access to as a small business owner. You always have access to the RCM overview, which may be of interest to you because it's basically just checking all of your, it's helping with your books, basically the monthly financial overview. So you can truly see the nitty gritty of what is being billed, paid, denied, fixed. What's worth your time? Any reoccurring patterns that you may see. So just kind of getting you in the, in the loop.
dawn Washington: Right. Quick question about this component. How does the information get. Do I have to actually put in the patient's information if I were to go with the, this is the job bill side you said?
dawn Washington: Yes, this is. So do I have to initially, like, put in the patient stuff, or is the patient prompted to do. Because I do use headway. So I'm just curious, like, are they prompted to put in their own insurance information before the encounter starts? I know that's how Headway kind of works.
Emily Kaiser: I believe it can be either one. I believe you could put in the information or the patient could be prompted. Let me get a more clear answer for you. Okay. I will include that in the follow-up text that I sent. Great. So again payerware documentation and coding. This screen is kind of showing you a list of our payers, but we also have 3,000 more. We're hearing that with certain third parties for billing that some clinicians are feeling capped as far as they can't, they can't provide services to patients with certain insurances because headway and grow specifically don't support that. You know? So that is where the credentialing and all of that kind of stuff comes in on, on our end. One thing I should mention that you might be interested, if you're kind of comparing what you're currently using to jot bill or just jot psych as a whole is we do analysis where basically it's $300 and we do an analysis of your billing. So by that, I mean, we actually, there might be a slide here. I can go back to that pricing, but here we go. Jot bill analysis. So you can basically see our goal is to understand and to help you understand what you're earning today, where your money is delayed or lost and what changes you can make to kind of make the most impact.
dawn Washington: Wow.
Emily Kaiser: Okay, that's great. So a lot of people like to kind of start with the analysis and if they're interested in jot bill, we see a lot of people kind of do this first just to kind of see, I guess, the value that we could really bring to your business.
dawn Washington: Yeah, absolutely. That's really great. So I'm just curious, Emily, if I were to go into my old account that I had set up, do I, will I have access to try all these different features in the next couple weeks? Or how is it?
Emily Kaiser: So some, you will have access to just go back to this. Feeling here. You will have access to. To the AI scribe. You will have access to the first five labs, like things like that, basically. So you have, like, trial period. So you have 40 audits, you have five labs, you have full access to the AI scribe as well as those audits, but only, like, depending. So, you know, some nights, some notes come up with two audit suggestions, come notes. Some notes come up with, you know, seven, depending on whatever it may be. Sure. So for any of those. But, yeah, really the main feature is experiencing the AI scribe, and then you kind of get previews of these other features that you're able to add on.
dawn Washington: Okay. Got it.
Emily Kaiser: And then I just wanted to show you this. If you were interested in kind of comparing pricing to what you currently pay. So basically, jot sec takes anywhere from four percent to eight percent. Okay. And then what kind of package you choose. You wanted to start with the essentials. It includes all things needed as far as all the essentials as far as hypervigilant eligibility checks, payer aware coding and documentation and clean claim generation and submission.
dawn Washington: Okay. I'm just trying to see if I can. Get into my old account. Yeah. Last time I said it was, I was like, I think it said you had to, like.
Emily Kaiser: You might, it may, if you did a trial.
dawn Washington: Yeah.
Emily Kaiser: You may have to put in credit card information to really get all of those features back. Like, it kind of stops you. So I know we went into a, or we went over a bunch of information today. Sorry if a little bit of that was overwhelming, but I just wanted to circle back as you kind of navigate your page and see if you had any questions on anything that we went over or if you're wanting to a little bit more information on any of the things that we went over.
dawn Washington: Yeah. Yeah. It would be great if. Do you mind just sending me, like, the pricing information? I'm really curious to see how. That will work out for me. That would be really great, especially with my small business, because anything to reduce time and make things easier and not have, you know, callbacks and all the things because it does happen, you know?
Emily Kaiser: Yeah, definitely.
Emily Kaiser: So actually, if you are on your screen, if you're trying to navigate that, you'll actually see, I think, all of the pricing information.
dawn Washington: Okay.
Emily Kaiser: Are you trying to log on to drop?
dawn Washington: I am trying to log onto my old one to see if I can even get in.
Emily Kaiser: I had to reset the password. Okay, so once you do, once you get on there, I can just wait a second because I want to see if you're able to see that pricing information and then what information I should be sending to you as far as, like, so what you'll see is the pricing for, I would imagine the AI scribe and then jot our acts and jot bill.
dawn Washington: So basically those things a la carte. Okay, sure enough. Yeah. It says I have to reactivate it. Is that. Is that what I need to do to do the two week trial.
Emily Kaiser: Let me see. No, your trial should be good to go. Let me see. When did you do your last trial?
dawn Washington: Oh, I don't. It's been.
Emily Kaiser: It looks like your trial. We started you another trial on Monday, I believe the 23rd.
dawn Washington: Yeah, I couldn't get in, so I never got to start it.
Emily Kaiser: Oh, no. Okay. Yeah. Let me just. I'll just start up today. If you weren't able to access it and then you'll have two weeks to kind of test all of these things out and see if you want to move forward with it.
dawn Washington: Okay.
Emily Kaiser: So let me go through. Give me one second. If you could actually log back out one more time.
Emily Kaiser: Okay, no problem. Oh, okay. Dawn, I see. You tried. I see you have a bunch of emails.
dawn Washington: Yeah, I've tried them. I tried it out for quite a while. Okay. But the main one was under the Donnie Pooh. One, two, three. That's the one I wanted to use.
Emily Kaiser: Okay, I can go ahead and activate that one for another two weeks. When's the last time you tried the system?
dawn Washington: I think it's been a couple weeks. I had to default back to it for something else. Okay. Yeah, it's been a little while.
Emily Kaiser: Okay. Okay, so let's go ahead and we will do an additional two weeks. And then go ahead and sync that. So now if you log back in, you should be able to see all of those features. So now that we went over everything. I'm hoping that, you know, you're able to really see these features now that with this trial this time around, I'm wondering. If we can set up even a tentative time on our calendar before your two-week trial ends.
dawn Washington: Yeah, that'll be great.
Emily Kaiser: Next steps and. And see what you think of it.
dawn Washington: Sure.
Emily Kaiser: So what about. Wednesday or Thursday, the 15th or 16th of April?
dawn Washington: Let me just see what my schedule looks like.
Emily Kaiser: Okay.
dawn Washington: Do you have any, like, 130 openings, Emily? That's usually when I take my lunch break on Monday, Wednesdays.
Emily Kaiser: Yeah, let's do 130 on Wednesday.
dawn Washington: Okay. That'll be perfect. Log that into my calendar. Amount of your Wednesday.
Emily Kaiser: Yes, the 15th.
dawn Washington: Okay.
Emily Kaiser: And Don, out of all of the things that we talked about today, just so I can make sure to get you the right information. What do you feel is, like, most applicable or what are you most excited about with Jots? Like, what's most appealing for your love specifically?
dawn Washington: Yeah. That billing and auditing auditing component is really great. And then. Just part about the prescribing part. As long as it has, you know, the three checks in place. For the prescribing component. That's a big thing, you know, to make sure those, those are the one I'm using Advanced MD for one of my jobs, and so they have it kind of populate automatically to make sure the measure giving goes through the three checks to make sure there's no interactions or what have you. So that would be something I would. I would really consider if, you know, in place. Yeah. Honestly, it looks great for what I'm trying. My business is really.
Emily Kaiser: Now.
dawn Washington: That's awesome. Which is. Not seamless. I wish.
Emily Kaiser: I could do away.
dawn Washington: Component using now. And use jobs like for all, which would be great. And, you know, as well as the credentialing component, that's, that's huge. I didn't know so much was offered. This has been really great.
Emily Kaiser: Good. I am so glad to hear that this has been definitely.
dawn Washington: So you're saying that the pricing, where can I find that, Emily?
Emily Kaiser: Oh, so do you want to go ahead and share your screen? Actually, I can see what you're seeing.
dawn Washington: Yeah. Well, you know, I have a patient at one o'clock.
Emily Kaiser: Oh, okay. Send you the price.
dawn Washington: Sorry. What'd you say?
Emily Kaiser: Oh, no, that's okay. Sorry. I think we have a bad connection. If you have to hop, that's totally fine. I can send you the pricing. See it? Well, actually, you won't see it now because we started your free trial. So I will go ahead and send you the pricing, and I'll also send you that email with the calendar link for. But let me know if you have any questions in the.
dawn Washington: Yes, I will. Thank you so much. I really appreciate your time today.
Emily Kaiser: Problem. Have a good day.
dawn Washington: Okay.