Daniel Chadda: Pretty good. Pretty good. Busy. I've got like. I've got a rough exam this week, but good otherwise.
Christopher Hume: What, what class?
Daniel Chadda: It's for operations management. And yeah, I don't know it honestly, like, I didn't expect it to be that difficult, but I don't know. In the last few weeks we've been doing a lot of like, very complex formulas and a lot of stuff where you have to like create these models for. So. Yeah, it's looking a little rough, but we'll get through it.
Christopher Hume: Yeah. What day? What day is it?
Daniel Chadda: It's on Thursday. Thursday morning. So. Yeah.
Christopher Hume: Do you do like those 7:00am tests at GW?
Daniel Chadda: Oh, no, no, it's not that bad. It's around 11, but yeah. Thank God. I could not do that, man.
Christopher Hume: Yeah, I guess you're kind of. That was more of a freshman thing like the Gen Chem or whatever. That was terrible. Okay, well, I think just like bottom line up front, this is really good work.
Christopher Hume: Okay, Daniel, I'm very pleased with this.
Daniel Chadda: Good to hear.
Christopher Hume: I haven't had time yet to like stress test it, to be honest. And like, you know, check it or. But like first blink through, like this has some really great ideas and I just really like sort of. Yeah. Where your head's at and just like the.
Daniel Chadda: Okay.
Christopher Hume: Having someone look at this that isn't me and give some feedback.
Daniel Chadda: Right.
Christopher Hume: Be like, hey, this is what other people in the space have done. So instead of me reading through and like telling you my thoughts, do you want to just spend maybe 3 minutes, 5 minutes just telling me like what you thought was the most interesting and what you would recommend I spend some brain power thinking about this week?
Daniel Chadda: Yeah, definitely. Sorry, I've got a bit of a sore throat. So if I just.
Christopher Hume: Oh, you're good.
Daniel Chadda: Yeah, just stop to like clear my voice a little bit. Yeah, I'll do that. But yeah, I'll just. Yeah, whatever. I'll just kind of like. Yeah, really quickly, like you just mentioned, go through everything and just to give you like my framework for like how I even went about this just before I like, you know, dive into the recommendations, I, you know, I was just focused mainly here on just trying to gather like as much data as possible and obviously like, you know, double and triple check everything just to make sure, you know, we're getting the right information so that, you know, we can actually make decisions off of this. And we're not like, you know, being led into the wrong direction or anything. So in this case, like, you know, I'm not going to go through everything because, like, you know, it's all there, and I don't want to waste time just outlining the steps since it's already in the document. But, yeah, you know, I did go through, like, all those sections that are listed for track A. So, you know, just so you know, like, the entire section is done. Everything's in there. And, like, you mentioned, just, you know, key things to think about. I'm pretty sure those are all, like, it should be in the executive summary. Yeah, it should be in the executive summary. But I'll just like to recap some of it and then add some additional insights where I think is important. So you know, the most important recommendations or sorry, most important takeaways. First one is that we know like for a fact that Cold Outbound works. I spent a lot of time and yeah, this, this is all in the document, but I spent a lot of time like looking into the like cold outbound kind of practices that some of these other organizations were doing. Now it wasn't super easy, but what I find was that like a lot of. So like one of the ways in which I went about this was kind of going through job postings and openings and then seeing like, you know, what roles they were recruiting and like what specific responsibilities for. So I went through like each bullet and I found that for Heidi Health especially, but our competitors overall they were hiring like quite a lot of sales development representatives, business development representatives and the like exact like responsibilities that they outlined in those posts were like very heavily geared towards cold email. They mentioned like cold outreach a few times specifically.
Christopher Hume: So are they looking toward cold email or cold call?
Daniel Chadda: Cold call, sorry. Yeah, okay. There was mention of cold email, but again like off the top of my head I remember very specifically like cold calling. Yeah.
Christopher Hume: Like yeah, if they've got cold email, we've got you and you're like the king of cold email. So it's all good there. All good there.
Daniel Chadda: Yeah. So again, you know, just from kind of like at least like a top level analysis standpoint right now, I can at least say that like you know, cold outbound looks promising specifically like cold calls. So at the very least like, you know, maybe we do some further investigation. But you know, just off of this like initial research we've done and just like what are some of our competitors are doing? Like to be fair, these competitors are like a bit larger than we are and they're, they're doing like Heidi Health specifically. I believe they're based in Australia, but they are, I don't know, they're recruiting for UK and US position so I don't know if they have some like, I don't know, like HQs there as well. But again, you know, that's just like my point is that they're, they're a bit bigger than us, but I think it's still helpful to like see what they're doing, you know, maybe relearn and that's how we kind of like, you know, grow to the next level. But yeah, so that's like, that's, I'd say like, you know, key point, cold calling specifically is validated. So I would definitely want to, like, look into that more. And I definitely think that, you know, we can, like, consider that right now. And just some additional stuff I found was that using a combination of, like, cold calling and emailing is, you know, a lot better than doing either one of them, like, individually. I know this, like, pretty obvious. Like, you know.
Christopher Hume: No, no, no. This is, like, good to hear because, like I said, The emails slow down the process so much like having to add like a day for the email, I just want to like bang the phones. But yeah, fortunately, best practices always seem.
Daniel Chadda: Yeah, yeah, exactly. The specific number I had was like a two to three times increase. So it's not like super trivial either. So I guess that, you know, at least just from, you know, considering that like, we probably won't. Will want to like integrate both of them just in our overall, like outbound. And I think the last thing I want to mention here, just off the top of my head was. Well, I, I do need to, I want to look more into this, to be honest, so I'm not going to say too much about it right now, but one of the competitors, and this is a competitor that was like in the overall, like just like digital, like SaaS vertical, they weren't exactly like competing us with, with us like in terms of like, you know, being a platform that's like, you know, for note taking, specifically for like, you know, psychiatrists and people like in that sector. But again, like, you know, service titan. I found that they were relying on partnerships a lot and it was helping them. Yeah, pretty significantly. I've got, you know, the exact numbers in the executive summary, but that's something I definitely want to look into. I looked into Heidi Health and they didn't seem to be doing like any kind of partnerships or any sort of like referrals. Actually, like did a seven day like free trial on their program. I think I, I outlined some notes about that too. It's. I'm not going to go through like every little thing, but if you're curious. Yeah, I'd say we're definitely beating them like in terms of some like the UI that we have compared there. So it was nice to see that.
Christopher Hume: But it didn't seem to have like any.
Daniel Chadda: Yeah, yeah, very nice. They didn't have any sort of like referral or partnership programs that I could find at least. So again, you know, it's something that needs a lot more work for sure. But I think it's like an interesting direction to consider.
Christopher Hume: And then I think I saw something in your document about Facebook forms. Is that correct? Like that was like. Or I think if I remember correctly, was that the lowest cost or booked meaning?
Daniel Chadda: Let me. That sounds correct to me. Let me just pull that for you. I don't.
Christopher Hume: Sorry, while I'm trying to quiz you here.
Daniel Chadda: Okay, so Facebook lead forms. Let's see. I don't believe it was the. Are you talking about. No, it looks like a medium here. No, I don't think it was the lowest I had it at. So in terms of like, cpl, it was kind of like in the middle. And regarding what was the other metric? Sorry, hold on.
Christopher Hume: I think CPL was the lowest. Right. Let me just set a few.
Daniel Chadda: Where did I. Yeah, Sorry, Chris, I'm a little rusty with, like, some of this info. I got this done on, like, Friday.
Christopher Hume: No, no, you're good.
Daniel Chadda: Pretty much like the entire time since I just been like, you know, prepping for this exam.
Christopher Hume: Of course.
Christopher Hume: Yeah, no, so this is good stuff. We don't need to dive deeper into it here. But just if you could just make sure that I'm reading this properly, that we kind of see the cheapest as Facebook forums, because that's kind of the next frontier. I think this is good validation for Cold Outbound, and I think kind of what I want to work on concurrently is getting that form set up and once we have that really humming, we can look at some of these more sophisticated things like partnerships or other stuff like that. So, no, this is great. I'm going to do this in greater detail, but no major questions right now. Could you. What was. Could we pull up that work plan that we developed?
Daniel Chadda: I can't find it. Yeah, I. Okay, I have it here. I'll re. Just send the link if I can copy this. Okay, cool. I'm going to just paste in Slack maybe. Yeah, so that's in Slack. Yeah. That was honestly going to be like my next question. So, like, yeah, as soon as you, like, hop on this document, just know that, like, everything for, like, work stream A, that's like, completely done. So I was just thinking, like, you know, logically we'd go to, like, stream B and yeah, like, to be honest, so I will say this. I got Stream A done a lot quicker than I thought I expected. Honestly, like, going into it, I didn't expect to have, like, all of it done by Friday. I thought I'd have like, 70, 80% done. I think I even mentioned that, like, in our call.
Daniel Chadda: But I got it done, like, completely by midday Thursday. And I had two exams that week. So I honestly think, like, if I didn't have those, I could have even gotten it done by, like, I don't know, possibly Wednesday, like, Wednesday morning. So, like, that was good. I'm glad it didn't take up, like, too, too much time. And I also think it means that we can, like, go much quicker for some of these other stuff, at least in terms of our plan. Um, yeah, I will say that the exam I do have is a little rough and I spending like so much time studying. Studying for it. So I'm not sure if I'll have stream B like done by Friday to be honest. Yeah.
Christopher Hume: So can we actually focus on stream B, the next phase and we can push our check in to meet and maybe Monday, Tuesday, next week? Just tell me.
Daniel Chadda: I think that's. Yeah, that's a good idea. Yeah, yeah.
Christopher Hume: Because the other thing is stream B and C, we're actually about to get a ton of data because I'm launching the cold calling campaign today or tomorrow we're going to get feedback from the SDRs and it doesn't make sense for you to do a bunch of research and then be to be like, oh actually this is what I heard from all the SDRs. Then let's do stream D. Let's plan on that. Make sure to. And do you have like, I just want to make sure that like you have all the resources to be as efficient as possible. Are you able to use like you have like deep research or AI tools that you can use to help you here? You're not doing all this manually, are you?
Daniel Chadda: No, yeah, I'm definitely using search and AI. I'm using like Claude mainly.
Christopher Hume: Yeah, yeah, Claude's great too. I just want to make sure that you have the appropriate tools.
Daniel Chadda: Yeah, I do have everything. I'll definitely let you know like you know, once I'm actually like in the process, if like I'm missing anything, I'll you know, definitely let you know about that. But yeah, so far like I feel pretty good though.
Christopher Hume: Okay. So Daniel, I, if I heard properly, you're probably going to be heads down studying until Thursday. Does that sound about right?
Daniel Chadda: Yeah, I don't know. I'm hoping like you know, today. I don't know, I've been studying like pretty much the whole day today but I'm hoping like you know, by Wednesday maybe like you know, I start to like learn the material a bit more. Whatever, I have a bit of time. But I'd say for the most part, honestly, like, yeah, kind of like just heads down till Thursday.
Christopher Hume: Yeah, that's fine. So let's plan on work Stream D. We'll keep our check in on Friday.
Daniel Chadda: I think honestly if we could just move the Friday check into like I don't know, maybe Tuesday, Monday. Tuesday.
Christopher Hume: Yeah, because not I expect, no, not that I expect any work to be done. Just like a check in to see like hey, like yeah, okay. Yeah, it's like hey, like because I think it could also be helpful. I might have more data on how the process is going.
Daniel Chadda: Right.
Christopher Hume: I just want to make sure that like as you're getting into it, I can just give you a little feedback. If there's any from like the other work streams.
Daniel Chadda: We'll keep that.
Christopher Hume: No, no expectation of any work being done by then.
Daniel Chadda: Okay, cool. Yeah. And also I was going to say like, you know, if you had feedback, more feedback by then for like the work I've done so far for like stream a, you know, and you think like maybe there's something you want to prioritize or something you want to like, you know, look into then. Yeah, I'd be happy to like, you know, prioritize.
Christopher Hume: That's kind of what I'm. Yeah. Just the time for us to level set again with a little bit more context I think would be really good, but I'm not expecting anything to be done by Friday.
Daniel Chadda: Okay, sounds good. Sounds good.
Christopher Hume: Okay. Anything else?
Daniel Chadda: I think that's about it. Chris. Yeah. Let me know though, if you have any questions. Questions or, like, I don't know if there's anything like. Yeah, any insights? Any questions for, like, you know, the work I've done so far. And then.
Christopher Hume: Yeah, I don't know.
Daniel Chadda: Looking forward to Friday. I guess I'll be done with the exam by then, so.
Christopher Hume: Dude. Oh, do you ever end up in. I just remember some semesters just, like, with this cadence, where, like, ended up with a midterm every week for, like.
Christopher Hume: Yeah, two months, and you get, like, two weeks off and. Two months. Terrible, terrible.
Daniel Chadda: I know. I had that a bunch of last semester, and even now I had, like, one midterm, like, in one week. That was, like, two weeks ago. Then I had two last week. Now one this week. Just been, like, study nonsense forever.
Christopher Hume: Yeah, it's killer. All right, dude, I'm getting ready for this next meeting. I'll chat with you on Monday. If you have any bursts of inspiration before then, let me know. I'd love to. Love to hear them. Otherwise, good luck on your test. We'll reconnect and reset Friday.
Daniel Chadda: Sounds good, Chris. Thanks so much, man. See you Friday.
Christopher Hume: Yep. Talk Friday.