Becca Bressler: It. Hey there, Edward.
Edward Evard: Hi.
Becca Bressler: How are you doing? Good, how are you? So nice to meet you.
Edward Evard: Nice to meet you too.
Becca Bressler: Thanks. Good. I'm really so grateful to you for. For taking the time to chat with me about this.
Becca Bressler: And I'm glad. Yeah, I'm glad I'm able to catch time with you. I. So I'm the product manager at JOT Psych, and as I know you've been in touch with Jackson around this audit product and I think have been going back and forth a little bit with him. Maybe it's been a little while. Anyways, we are, you know, it's more of a beta feature, but we're really trying to ready it for a bigger release. And as part of that, I'm wanting to collect features feedback from the people who have been using it. So what I would love for you is, if possible, to almost share your screen with me and if you can just walk me through how you've been using Job Audit. What's your feedback? Did you try and then give up because it was junk? Just kind of any and everything.
Edward Evard: Yeah. Let me share my screen with you and. Hold on a second here. Can you still see my screen?
Becca Bressler: Yes, I can see it.
Edward Evard: Yeah. So I'll just show you how my workflow has been, and I can even do this in real time because I'm behind on notes.
Becca Bressler: Oh, my God, I'd love to watch it.
Edward Evard: Yeah. So what I'll do is I use simple practice for my emr and there's, you know, pretty relatively seamless translation between the two, so I just copy and paste into a simple progress note and. Hold on a second here. So, all right, so let's see. I just saw a client named.
Becca Bressler: I don't know if you're on a different tab by any chance. So what I'm seeing, it just says my notes.
Edward Evard: And. And it's. Yeah. So let me keep you with me.
Becca Bressler: Okay, got it, Got it.
Edward Evard: So I just saw Susan Butcher.
Becca Bressler: Okay.
Edward Evard: And. I'll try to carry you with me as I go through tabs. Actually, no, I did do her. No, I just haven't submitted the charge yet. So let me go back to a different one that I haven't finished yet. Right. Chip. I haven't done yet. So, you know, previously I had been utilizing a simple practice template, and I'm switching over to the simple progress note where I can just copy paste directly in. And once I've got that accessible, I'll pivot back to jot Psych and let me pull hers. I'm his. I'm sorry. So, Charles Sutland.
Becca Bressler: So have you been using the payerware note pretty exclusively, or are you using the other note as well?
Edward Evard: I've been trying. I've been using it pretty exclusively for the past week or so.
Becca Bressler: Oh, amazing. Okay, cool.
Edward Evard: Yeah, with a couple caveats.
Edward Evard: But the way I've been.
Becca Bressler: I'll show you the way I've been.
Edward Evard: Yeah. So, yeah, so after I finish the encounter, usually what I'll do is send off my medications and then I'll close the. Close and submit the note. And so it was telehealth. Got that. Right.
Edward Evard: Consent documented appropriately. Patient at home. So this is just a little annoying at times to have to delete this out where it says not specified, but I get why you'd have to do that.
Edward Evard: So edit very few things out. Typically the timing is right. No issues there. And then as I'm going through, I'm just. Clicking the ones that I want to include, which is usually all of them. Chief complaint, bed management, follow up.
Edward Evard: So the interval history sometimes feels a little bit sparse, so sometimes I have to fluff that up a little bit. It does seem like it hits most of the essentials. Every now and then I notice it feels like there should be more. That's probably just a reflection of maybe me not spending enough time on the encounter, but it's. So I want to make sure that we're hitting the topics.
Becca Bressler: Yeah, no, I mean it's worth noting all of your feedback. Sorry, my face is over here. I'm looking on a bigger monitor. When does this audit piece enter your workflow?
Becca Bressler: The JOT audit? Yeah.
Edward Evard: Typically it doesn't, to be honest with you.
Becca Bressler: Oh, so you haven't been using it?
Edward Evard: I haven't really been using JWT Audit. I've been using the Payer Inform note and every now. Yeah, sorry, that was misunderstood. I'm using. I do use the audit somewhat, but I feel like for the most part I've got the essentials down. But I mean, here it's saying I need to put the city and state specifically. So I guess.
Becca Bressler: What's your impression of that feedback though? Are you like. No, it doesn't. Like that's wrong. You know, what's your.
Edward Evard: Well, my feedback would be I've never done it before and I haven't had any retractions before. But this doesn't mean that it's not just a matter of time. So I don't know how specific it really needs to be. They're saying city and state and so one question I have is just, is that true or is this unnecessary? Yeah, okay. I know he's in Norfolk, so I could just type that in real quickly and then presumably we'll just hit reanalyze to see if it continues to.
Becca Bressler: Are you mostly using the payerware note because you like the output better? Not because of the audit tool, but just because. Because you like the output of like how it looks, how it's structured?
Edward Evard: Primarily. Yeah. And because I feel like it does hit most of the bases that we would need such of the bases that we need. And I'm not. But I mean, it sounds like I'm probably not using the tool to its full potential.
Becca Bressler: No, I mean whether you are or aren't, it's. It's good to know. I had seen, seen in some of our logs. It appeared for some reason. That or like, I guess I.
Edward Evard: I had, I had. I have looked through it before. Like, I've messed around with it a little bit and I guess at the time just decided, hey, this is interesting. But most of the themes are recurrent and I might not need to. I don't know, maybe I'm just being overconfident, feeling like I know what needs to be in it. So therefore not using the tool.
Becca Bressler: And so, like, I think you said the themes. What was the language you used? Like, you're seeing the same themes emerge.
Edward Evard: By that, do you mean like, I'm. Yeah, like the same kind of thing.
Becca Bressler: Like, didn't put city and state flag. Got it. And so from your perspective. Yeah. So I guess one of the things I'm thinking about is like, when you see the same thing over and over again, that you're deciding, oh, no, I don't need this, or I don't want to do this or.
Edward Evard: Or I'm thinking, yeah, like, I probably don't need that and I could very well be wrong.
Becca Bressler: So. Yeah, no, but it's interesting. I mean, everyone, like, approaches this differently. And also tools like this can be more or less, less useful depending on how experienced you are. Right. So some of these tools we're trying to build are for newer clinicians or. But yeah, okay, I guess, like, when I look at the data a little bit more, it looks like you've clicked the audit badge, but you haven't necessarily done much work, like, using the tool from having observed it, like, for the most part. Is it like, oh, I've never done that before, so I don't need to do that. Do you recall thinking like, oh, this is a junk suggestion?
Edward Evard: Like, I've never really thought it's a junk suggestion anything. I've just thought maybe this is above and beyond what I really needed.
Becca Bressler: Yeah, but that makes sense.
Edward Evard: But that the general format of the payer aware notes is what's needed. Yeah. But some of the small details, like putting the specific city that the patient is. Yeah. Might not be. That might be overkill. And I could be, again, totally wrong. But that's just what I kind of assumed because.
Becca Bressler: Got it. How much setup did this, did it take for you to get this payerware note formatted in the way that you want?
Edward Evard: It really isn't. It seems like this was just the way it was. It came, like, packaged.
Becca Bressler: Okay, got it. So what I'm seeing now is, like, mostly out of the box for you.
Edward Evard: As a matter of fact, I wasn't aware if there was a way for me to add or subtract parts.
Becca Bressler: Well, we have this chat window that said next to audit. That AI chat tool is meant to let you train your template.
Edward Evard: I was having some issues. I actually even reached out to Jackson about that because I was trying to train the template to. And now here it is doing it. But to always have my medications in a bullet point format. Okay. It previously wasn't letting me do that. I guess I needed to start paying more attention to see whether or not this is interesting.
Becca Bressler: You were trying to do it from within the pair aware note.
Edward Evard: From within the pair aware note. I was going to the. Well, I guess I shouldn't have signed it. That's probably why it's not letting me. But yeah, let me maybe let me paste this in and I'll show you the next one.
Edward Evard: Yeah, yeah, sure. Sorry, one second.
Becca Bressler: Take your time.
Edward Evard: All right, so I'll pull up a different one now. March Cowden and. See. So what I would previously do is go to chat.
Becca Bressler: I see. Okay.
Edward Evard: And I'm seeing, like. See how all the medications are just in paragraph form. Yeah. I would say change medications to bullet point format. Maybe that's not the way. The way I should have been trying to train it.
Becca Bressler: No. So this is. This is interesting to see because. So this feature, it looks like it's. The train feature is actually disabled for the payer aware note. If you were. If you were using this chat. Actually, can you go to the note for a second? So next to payer note C5.
Edward Evard: So that is what Jackson told me. He said that as of now, we weren't able to train the notes.
Becca Bressler: You weren't able to train the payer awareness?
Edward Evard: Yeah, he said that because I reached out to ask him why I couldn't do what I was just describing it and that's what he had said.
Becca Bressler: Okay, got it. I'm going to follow up on that. And if there's like a reason. Why is this. Are you generating what, like, template is the pairware note going off? Like when you go hit record, for instance, what template are you selecting?
Edward Evard: Oh, I see.
Becca Bressler: Follow up.
Edward Evard: This one right here? Yeah, this is the template.
Becca Bressler: Okay, got it. Okay. Edward, this has been super helpful for me to see because it sounds like you're not. If you were to describe to me what the audit tool does. Is it obvious to you what it does or you like kind of?
Edward Evard: Oh, yeah. It helps me keep in compliance with what payers are looking for. And I guess again, my point of view was that this is getting me probably 99% of the way there. Yeah.
Edward Evard: And my assumption was if I were at a click on this audit here, the number one, I would see a suggestion that is probably a good suggestion, but that probably isn't really relevant.
Becca Bressler: What do you think about that CPT code that shows up? Does that feel like the right code? The wrong code?
Edward Evard: Well, it says code selected non recommended 99214. 99214. Yes, I would say, is the right code.
Edward Evard: Is the right code. And let me see. Did it not put a CPT code in here because, Well, maybe it doesn't have one at the bottom. Well, it says it already has one for here, so I guess I understand that. Why it's recommending one that's already in here.
Becca Bressler: Yeah. That's interesting. Like, what the. What's the mismatch? Can you scroll up to the top of this page?
Edward Evard: And it has it here as well. So I think that this kind of highlights why I haven't really used the audit tool that much, because I've found perhaps maybe the things it recommends are either redundant or just. Yeah, like maybe useful, but probably more likely something that I don't necessarily need.
Becca Bressler: I don't know. Can I ask you to just scroll to the top of this for a second? The top of the page where I could see the patient, the name or. Because I think there's something up there that says enter. Oh, interesting. Oh, okay. Do you see where it says 99214 to the right of ICD 10 codes? Yes. So I'm like, is that a suggestion based on your note content? Okay, can you hit accept codes for a second? Like if you say use suggested. Yeah, Okay, got it. Okay, got it. Codes match. Okay, interesting. Okay, Edward, this has been super helpful and yeah, I appreciate your time. It's really cool to see how you're using the software I have. I've only just begun speaking to people on the payerware note, so it's. It's really cool to see that. It's really helpful for you.
Edward Evard: If you have time, maybe go through one more and you can.
Becca Bressler: Oh, yeah, yeah, sure. I'm not in a rush.
Edward Evard: So let's see here. Okay, this will be a good one to try because he and I have a little more of a history with using JOT site together. So let me pull up rips. And this will also hit on a place where I found things a little lacking. Okay, so. All right, you can see my screen for this gentleman. So I guess maybe I'll just go through the audit here. So again it's saying code mismatch and it's recommending a 1 4. But I would bet money that here it says 1 4. Yep. So it does say it. So when I see that, I guess I'll just hit accept code, use suggested code.
Becca Bressler: Got it.
Edward Evard: Now this is the guy that I did do some, some supportive therapy with and when I'm running into those clients because that's not auto populating in the payer aware node when I'm just going in and I'm just accessing my standard note template, pulling up the add on therapy, copying, pasting that into the emr. I guess it would be nice if that was a step that or there was just a way that we could edit the template for the pairware note to include above and beyond the basics. Yeah. The other thing that I'd. I'm sure you'll hear from other people too is other things that are above and beyond. Like I want to make sure that I have easy visual access to things like the names of patients, wives, pets, where they work. All those things are not always carried over and
Becca Bressler: you might find it in your note but not aware note is what you're saying.
Edward Evard: Exactly. Yeah. So if I could make sure that there were ways to include everything in the payer where now it'd be able to run this audit which seems like it's actually a really good tool the more I'm looking at it and then still be able to keep the things that the payer might not necessarily want. But that helped me. So here, these suggestions, those are just that it's not something that's going to get necessarily the attention of an auditor, but it's something that when you're. What distinguishes something from being a suggestion versus non compliant.
Becca Bressler: Right.
Edward Evard: It's a good question.
Becca Bressler: Yeah, I think that it's like the green yellow red principle like best practices but not like yeah, you know, there's no actual conflict. Conflict. But. But it's a good question and helpful to hear you ask it because, like, this is what's going to be going on in the mind of the user. Right. Okay.
Edward Evard: So if I were to follow this, it looks like the best way to just be fixed with AI and it does it on its own.
Becca Bressler: Is that what you would try? I'm trying not to lead the user too much. But like, if you were curious or would you feel nervous about clicking it or.
Edward Evard: I would feel confident clicking it. So then it talks about mental disease and clearly applied. Oh, I see. So I didn't realize that the AI audit can apply towards my normal note template too, not just the Payer Aware note template.
Edward Evard: Yeah, okay, interesting. I didn't realize that. Yeah, so that's helpful. So according to this, actually it seems like my Payer Aware note, as it would be expected, is more compliant than my standard note than your standard, which although much longer, is not necessarily hitting on all the right things. So that's why I like the Paragore note. It hits on all the right things in as concise a way as possible. I just also would like for there to be a room and I'm sure Jackson and you all are working on this to edit it somewhat to keep all the good stuff and then add in some personal preferences.
Becca Bressler: Have you ever tried using the chat to add in more personal information like the editor?
Edward Evard: Well, let's see how that would look.
Becca Bressler: Yeah, I'm curious too.
Edward Evard: I'm like, so this patient, Rick Siegel. So let me pull up some of the personal information that I would want to add in it. So things about like his interests, playing the piano, reading, his work as an accountant, his exercise habits. I don't think those were listed in here. So let me try adding that. So, yeah, I did mention engages in exercise. Let me see if it said anything about music. Oh, yep. Does interacts and work music, playing piano, reading. The only issue is I'll need. I would need to learn, like, where to find these things because a lot of this is just for my personal reference as well. Like, all right, I know Rick likes playing piano, so where will I be able to find that in my note, you know, easily. So that way I can address, you know, talk about that with him.
Becca Bressler: And what do you mean by that? Sorry, you mean like for your next session, wanting to.
Edward Evard: Yeah, like, like, so for my next session, if I want to be able to be prompted. You know, if you're assessing depression, you want to also assess for things like, are you taking interest in things? So are you taking interest in playing the piano? Are you enjoying it when you're playing it? Are you looking forward to playing? Yeah, so I like to put in somewhere in my note what their typical interests are, so I can see whether they're actually engaged in what they've said they're interested in. And. But I want to have it somewhere that I can find it, you know, hopefully I know my client well enough to know what to ask them about.
Edward Evard: But, yeah, same thing. I have like 600 clients, though, so I get people mixed up and confused. And having it in an accessible place where I can know where to find it is useful to me. The.
Becca Bressler: What would that mean for you, though? Would it mean like, oh, I wish there was a section that said, like, follow up points or like, and then I could.
Edward Evard: Gotcha, exactly, like follow up points. You know, I try to really, like I said earlier, be good about using clients, like the names of their kids and their spouse. Of course. Of course I don't remember 600 spouse names and a thousand kids names, but when I ask clients, how's John doing? Instead of how's your husband? It does help build better rapport. So it's a little thing that I do to remind myself what to ask clients or who to ask about.
Becca Bressler: Yeah. Have you ever considered adding a section to your template that's like personal details or something like that? Or. I mean, it's. I think the payerware note is limited in what you can add. But, like, I'm just curious, like, your model of our templates and the ability to adjust them? Like, is that something you've considered?
Edward Evard: No, but it's a great idea and it wasn't something that I was aware of. Well, I should have been aware, but I didn't realize.
Becca Bressler: No, no, no, no, you. That's not what I'm suggesting at all. Actually it's, it's helpful to understand what people think of because there's clearly more we can be doing on our end, like make suggestions around using tools, you know, so certainly like on us. That said, I don't think the payer aware note allows for this flexibility, but like for your note note, you know, one thing I might consider doing is just like adding a section for personal, you know, life details.
Edward Evard: Yeah, but I mean it sounds like my note note can. It can functionally be a payer aware note. So using the audit tool.
Becca Bressler: Yeah, this is, this is the piece that we're like slowly rolling out this, this audit piece. So actually currently only people who use payer aware notes can see this part of it. But. But yeah, I mean generally it sounds like. I think one of the biggest things I'm trying to discern is, is what is is being shown under the audit sections. If it's like trust breaking, because it seems so wrong, but it seems like that's maybe not the case, that maybe it's not that useful to you, but it doesn't seem like junk is kind of the.
Edward Evard: Yeah, but you know, actually talking with you, it does seem more and more useful and it seems like there are ways to train this so that way we're not having to go back and go through the same quote unquote junk every time. Yeah, right. If I can train the AI to include like if you know that home is Virginia Beach, Virginia for future encounters, you're gonna. Virginia Beach.
Becca Bressler: Well, the, the one thing to know actually though is like patient specific information. You cannot train the templates. So the training lives at like a template level. So if you were to tell the template always say the location is Virginia beach, every single patient you see with that template, it would unfortunately say patient lives in Virginia Beach. So the template level training is best for like formatting section headers, like, you know, it always spell out patient instead of PT or always. You know what I mean? But stuff that's patient specific, I would definitely not recommend attempting to train.
Edward Evard: Okay. But I can at least expect though, like for the patient specific stuff, like if I were to do the template that you'd mentioned where personal information is carried forward, I can at least expect that information to be carried forward.
Becca Bressler: So if it's in the last encounter note, it should be ref. It should be pulled forward, but full transparency. I think this is one of the pieces that is is not super great in the way that it's built.
Becca Bressler: So, like, caring forward location is maybe more specific than just, like, general themes from the previous encounter. That's really good feedback. And you're not the first person I've. I've heard bring that up. Having some sort of patient. Patient memory to that degree. So. Yeah.
Becca Bressler: One last thing.
Edward Evard: Yeah. That I've, you know, I guess in the spirit of, I guess me as a user, maybe other people are having the same issues, been frustrated at times. I know I'm not the perfect DSM 5 clinical diagnostician and there might be times where my diagnosis is actually probably the wrong one and jot psychs might be the right one, but it seems like there are times when I enter in diagnoses. Like when I'll type it into the note and when I'm recording. Yeah. I'll put in like F33 2 like for the specific diagnostic code that I want the encounter to be coded with when the note gets produced. Maybe I'm just misreading this, but it seems like there's a good amount of inconsistency with whether or not that note is in fact included. I mean that code is included and it. I don't know if there's a way around that, like to just kind of like hard wire. Even though it might not necessarily be supported by the conversation. Yeah. Maybe we didn't even talk about major depression in this encounter where we're addressing ADHD. But if I still wanted the F33, two major depressive disorder, severe recurrent, to be noted. Yeah, it seems like it's inconsistent with that.
Becca Bressler: So one follow up. When you say inconsistent, are you saying sometimes it doesn't carry over to the note at all? Or it might carry over to the note, but only in specific sections and it's missing or incompatible with other sections. Then I can show you actually you can go to the patient's profile and add these codes to their profile.
Becca Bressler: So I'll just give you an example where maybe it wasn't.
Edward Evard: So. Maybe Rick again. All right. So Rick, I'm fairly certain I added this in and now this is the payer aware note. So maybe I'm just not using the right template. But I can't say for 100% as a fact that I put in F92, but I definitely didn't put in F99. Okay.
Edward Evard: And it showed up. So that's what's showing up under his diagnosis. It's showing F32.1. F41.1. That would. That was right. And it's also diagnosing non mental health conditions which although are relevant are not the kind of things that I want to personally be documenting or at least I'm sensitive to keeping this in line with what I bill. So if I got a diagnostic code, usually that's the code I'm billing for. Yeah. I'm not billing for neoplasm so usually I would prefer those things to just be removed but. But then I think when I cross over to the note, I wonder if these diagnoses are gonna be the same. I bet you they're not. Yep.
Becca Bressler: So here it's actually. They're not.
Edward Evard: Yeah. Yeah. So this is, this is evidence that. So what. What I did as a matter of fact. So this is had to been the case when I was recording the encounter. I entered those F codes in. So like the F33.0, the F92, the F41 one. Yeah. And it got carried over into. My note. It did not get carried into the pair aware note and. And so I'd been trying to use the payer aware note in part because I wanted to provide feedback on it and so that's some feedback.
Becca Bressler: Yeah, no, that's super helpful to know. And what's going to end up happening relatively soon is where the payer aware note as you see it like is going to become a template. So it's not going to be a separate note. It will be like a payer aware template that you would be using for the encounter. Yeah. Maybe Jackson said to you that that was like coming. But yeah, just to. So. So in that case you wouldn't see discrepancies. That said you want it to be accurate. So like totally taken and really useful feedback for. For me to see as well.
Edward Evard: Yeah.
Edward Evard: But is it is the best way for me to. You mentioned go into like the profile like so say if I wanted to because ADHD isn't going to change. The severity of their depression will change from encounter to counter. But if I wanted to make sure that F92 gets carried over from encounter to counter because people who have ADHD stay with ADHD. And same thing with some of the medless things like if I want to make sure that something gets carried over. Yeah. What's the best way to make sure that that happens?
Becca Bressler: Going to the profile and editing. Typically I would suggest the profile though Are you actually seeing. That's not the case here.
Edward Evard: I've just found that it's a little clumsy to use this. Well, maybe not clumsy, but it's a little more time consuming. Like one thing that's nice about my EMR is, you know, I've gotten to the point where I've for the most part memorized these diagnoses. But like say I'm trying to think of the right OCD diagnosis and I know it starts with the F4.2 or if I want to enter in obsessive compulsive disorder. This is pure laziness, but I've got to type the whole thing out right.
Becca Bressler: Like your EMR will pull up the like.
Edward Evard: Right. Whereas if I just type in obs, my EMR is going to come up with like, yeah, a continually narrowing list based on the data that continues to feed until I get the right diagnosis. So it's just more time consuming for me to enter in the diagnosis this way. So I haven't.
Becca Bressler: But I though it kind of looks like to me. Are all of these showing up in your note? I feel like generalized anxiety. Yes. Because typically I would suggest that this is the best way to get this into your note. That said, if this isn't doing that, that's actually very useful feedback for me to have. And what I've seen other providers do is put all of that information in the additional notes box. That said, I don't know how I'm coming to this payer aware note actually pretty fresh. I'm taking it over for Jackson. I don't know that this client diagnosis list is connected to the payer aware note and I'm. I actually am a little skeptical that it is. I kind of would guess that it's not.
Edward Evard: Yeah, so yeah, so that that's probably been just a maybe a miscommunication where it's made me think that the payer aware note just wasn't as great as it could be. But it may be just the connection wasn't.
Becca Bressler: This could be one of those like oh, it's in beta so that piece of it. But like obviously if I were you, I would expect it to carry over too.
Becca Bressler: So it makes total sense why you would expect that and is honestly that's how it should function. So yeah, really useful to hear that you have noticed discrepancies there, etc.
Edward Evard: Yeah, similarly with the medications too. Like I'll notice that the payer aware note medications will be less specific. Like it'll say dose not entered or dose not discussed. But then when I go to the note it's there, it's actually got the accurate note in.
Becca Bressler: So yeah, my suspicion is that the connection wasn't built with this feature yet. But yeah, no it's clearly something that's very important to have once this is more widely used and rolled out to all of our users, so that's really helpful.
Edward Evard: So I do have to run.
Becca Bressler: Yeah. No. Thank you so much, Edward, for your time. I really appreciate it.
Edward Evard: Yeah, thank you. I appreciate you too. You really helped me a lot learn how to better use this.
Becca Bressler: Thank you. Awesome. Yeah. It was really nice meeting you and we appreciate all your help feedback you've given us so far, so thanks so much. Thanks, Tigar.