Adam Harrison: Happy Wednesday. How's. How's your week going?
matt: It's not too bad. You staying. Staying warm up there?
Adam Harrison: Staying warm. Staying warm, yes. So, yeah, I'm. I'm in D.C. down here this week, so it's not as well maintained as. As New York. I don't. I wouldn't say, but it's.
matt: Yeah, it's kind of interesting. My wife was scheduled to go to D.C. this week, and we were kind of debating what it would look like. I'm from Minnesota originally, and she's from Michigan, so we're like, you know, is it. Is it like New York where they got, you know, the garbage trucks, take the snowplow, you know, put snowplows on, like, Minnesota, unless it's, like, really dumping buckets, like, just doesn't shut down.
matt: But we're like, D.C. is kind of a Southern city. I don't know if they have, like, the full infrastructure.
Adam Harrison: No, they don't. Yeah. I think you made the right decision to stay put this week.
matt: Well, I mean, selfishly, you know, my wife leaves and I got the kids. It's. I don't mind it usually, but I was like, nah, why don't you stick around? Someone should be stranded and.
Adam Harrison: Where. Where are you? Denmark. Sorry. Remind me.
matt: Yeah, so I'm in a little beach down in Florida called Cocoa Beach.
Adam Harrison: Oh, that's great. Yeah. What part of Florida is that?
matt: It's. It's Space coast, so it's about midway up the Atlantic Coast.
Adam Harrison: Okay.
matt: And we're right next to, like, Cape Canaveral.
Adam Harrison: Okay, got it.
matt: The kind of, like, launch facilities here. So a lot of my clients. There's so many launches. A number of my clients, actually, if there's, like, a launch going on, I'll just turn. Turn my computer so you can, like, if it goes on during the call, just, like, put my screen around. So. Got a pretty good view from here, so.
Adam Harrison: Pretty cool.
matt: Yeah. But, yeah, we kind of. We kind of drop. I wouldn't call it dropout, but I think my wife would describe it as that, like, during COVID we went from New York and we ended up in Florida. Like many New Yorkers. Yeah. And then, you know, I thought I'd always work in an office, and my wife's like, I never want to work in an office again. And then my wife travels a lot for work back to, like, New York and D.C. and funny enough, like, now I work from home, so.
Adam Harrison: Funny. Funny. You can never predict how things are going to play out, Right.
matt: The world. The world is a funny place, but it keeps it interesting. Do you travel a bit for. For work?
Adam Harrison: A little bit. I used to travel a lot because I was in management consulting prior to this. So, so yeah, just New York and D.C. with a few like client things here and there, but not too much. Not too much. I definitely prefer having, you know, time in the office though. I think I'm same as you. I, I go a little crazy being at, at home if I'm there too long, at least, you know, New York, I don't have that much space. Probably if I had a better setup, I, I might feel different.
matt: Yeah, I, I mean, yeah, it's, it's, it's very, it's very different having a bit of space. And like every time my wife and I like go back, like do we want to move back to New York? We're like, yeah, we do, but not enough. Like, we just, we have like a, like a big old, like five bedroom beach house.
Adam Harrison: Oh, so nice.
matt: A couple bars from the beach and kids go to school like five minutes away. And yeah, it's, I mean we travel a lot, but it's like having kids and just having space and like dedicated rooms. It's, it's very different. So I have some, I just wanted to kind of go through like kind of standard, kind of standard process, kind of standard deck. I know we talked about a number of things last week. I kind of wanted to read them back to you, kind of hear what you're, you know, if there are any changes to those. But basically I want to spend. I just have a very short deck to kind of walk through and then was hoping we could just spend a little time just talking about your business use case and then. Yeah. Planning to just give this to you as a leave behind because I know you have some other decision makers that you want to chat with and so I can just hop into this.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, sounds great.
matt: All right, so I'm not gonna, I'm not gonna give you like full presentation mode. Well, actually maybe we will. All right, here we go. So I, I end up doing a lot of what I call like red to black consulting just in terms of like taking break even or ads that aren't like operating at a very high return on ad spend and making them really profitable and then scaling them out for there. So I, I kind of like joke around. This is going to be like a little bit of a red to black presentation, but essentially you're like kind of, kind of in the sweet spot of a lot of companies that I work with where you're like sub 10k and spend or kind of right around there haven't quite found what it is to scale meaningfully. And scale meaningfully. You'd want to see some. Some clear separation in terms of. Getting some winners out there, things that are contributing to pipeline. And I think there are some things that you mentioned last time. You kind of didn't have like creative testing and model. You know, you launched some creatives but you didn't really have like kind of a follow on or testing methodology. As a result you kind of saw some, probably some you know, high frequency of certain creatives, a lot of fatigue, cost per league went down and you know, we need a way to get one or two batches of creatives up on you know, a monthly basis. We need enough to feed our audience. We need enough to like, you know, beat the algorithm. Sounds like you also have some blind spots and technical setup. We talked a little bit about Legion Forms meta how I'm seeing that convert pretty highly like even at even a pretty high ad spend. That's going to be a little bit more if we're looking at an inside sales model. But I think when we're looking at a PLG motion as well, like we talked about, you know, it's something that we could, we could also test talked a little bit about on Google search. I know you weren't necessarily focusing on it and I love to hear your kind of thoughts as we go through this, but you talked about kind of some poor non branded search. There's different ways to kind of make that work. Lots of different things I do kind of like as I'm running Playbook, you know, I wanted, as I said like I wanted to hear you read some of these back to me. Are, are there like other. I know it was kind of like all around like wanted kind of a diagnosis and had some things but kind of between creative and some blind spots and technical use and then just like some, some different things on, on Google Ads where you put into maintenance mode. Are there other things that you feel like are big, big challenges at this point?
Adam Harrison: No, I think that I think you kind of hit on the main ones. Really like those are my hypotheses I guess on you know, where we should spend time and some of these like the technical setup, stuff like that. That's something you mentioned obviously. But yeah, really like open to whatever you know is going to actually move the needle. Whether it's like oh actually creative is more important or you know, media buying is more important or like technical, you know, kind of happy to tackle it in whatever order. Just as long as we're you know, getting, getting the big rocks that are gonna you know, be. Be needle movers.
matt: Got it. I've got five buckets that I work through.
matt: I'll, I'll go through, like, how I work on them and like, what that would look like. But basically I kind of took a step back, looked kind of what you have, I think you've got at least with the current kind of like 50 to 60k, like core ICP that you have, not including the 3 to 400k therapists, I think you've got the. Potential footprint amongst your TAM to scale from like 8k to 20k or so a month and spend. And from what I've seen from similar companies and we can kind of go through them like I think you could easily scale up to like 20 or 30k profitably. I do think like a well run program on a niche this small should be looking at like 4x return on ad spend. Particularly if we're kind of expanding, expanding the like what you're doing. Yeah, upgrading the website, kind of expanding that, that product and you know, potentially getting some of those larger practices. I know you had some like 2k ish, but you also had kind of like 10k plus ACVs.
Adam Harrison: Yep.
matt: So I think there's you know like I can kind of talk through like some of my other clients but I think there's like some, some big wins and big possibilities for sure. All right. Okay. So yeah, obviously there's a lot of different, different options when you're going out to like hire, hire somebody. I know you're like probably close to Katie Dunham and there's, there's a reason why, there's a reason why like you know, some people work with consultants, someone will work with somebody like me versus an agency. I do think some agencies are great when you've got you know, a bit of scale and you're kind of just doing like you've got like a kind of steady state. Most agencies suck. Like I got, I gotta tell you, like you'll have like your pitch team. I'm sure if you're talking to anybody else, you have your pitch team, they'll, they'll, they'll throw on kind of the A players and then when they actually hand you off to the execution team, you get somebody pretty junior and they'll hand it off to an even more junior media buyer. And so like working with me, I think it's just a lot easier particularly when you're doing basically profitability work. There's nothing lost in translation. You work with me, specifically with me and I've got the background to commit video for you. You probably see my LinkedIn, but I spent a decade as both a marketing director, head of marketing, director of marketing ops. In the last four years I've just been running paid ads for clients. So it's a combo that I, that I hope is like fun to work with. But I enjoy, I really enjoy being a thought partner and not just kind of like your, your order taker when it comes to paid ads. I have a bunch of clients but like as you socialize this internally. I think the ones that are closest to you and we can kind of talk through, like, what some of those look like, because I kind of take learnings from all of them, and they're like, their work is public. Like, if you go into their Facebook libraries and you kind of look at what they're doing, what they spend. If you go into, like, Google search, like, Semrush, you can pull reports on, like, all of these. But I think the, I think there's some similarities. Like what I, the ones I like are the ones that are like a little bit subs, you know, 1 million in revenue or a little bit, you know, kind of plus 1 million in revenue right around your. Where you are and then like working with them to just get them off the ground. So I think Arcada, even though it's, it's got some different metrics. I worked with Katie like in a couple of different iterations. Both, both kind of prior like starting from like 20, I think it was 2023, you know, for a while we hired somebody full time internally. When he departed, I took it over again and probably dropped the cost per lead from 130 down to 70 again. So like I've kind of worked with companies at every stage, but I'm kind of like running similar playbooks. Slang AI I think is has some interesting things. I started with them when they're 500k ARR and we were just testing a bunch of stuff on Meta. Again worked with them like through a couple different iterations I would say some of the like closest ones. More recently this year, like I worked with a company called Pattern AI which has just has some. Is an AI product in 2025, 2026 that has a lot of tailwinds from people like looking to like basically jump on this. I think like some things that I'm seeing with AI versus like non AI products is there's just a lot more tailwinds and it does pay to be aggressive. But yeah, I think all of these four like pretty close and I can kind of talk you through like the nuts and bolts because I ran slightly different playbooks in all of these.
Adam Harrison: Well no, that all sounds good. I think. Yeah, we definitely are pretty firmly against the agency path. So no, no objections to this slide.
matt: Okay, cool. So. So there's a couple, a couple different ways I work like and I'm, I'm just going to be that basically work with clients in two ways. Like number one, we figure out the foundations to scale and spend one to two months doing that. Or number two are going and run a channel. I think you're like not ready to go run the channel.
matt: So you're going. And I would look across like these, these five buckets. So with all my clients take a look at creative. I think for, I think for what job site is I'm doing right now, like I could either look at you know, being a creative producer. So like usually for when I, when I go in and produce creative like I go on a right copy, I build out kind of a template or framework. I can kind of show you what that looks like. Soup to nuts. Chip. Creative, like. I'll work with an external designer. That's. That's one thing I don't do. But I'll actually either produce a creative, I kind of write it myself, work with the client to actually ship it, or I'll work with either internal or external, like creative producer or studio rather. So like with Sling AI, they have like pretty good internal creatives with like Qloem IO, some other brands I've worked with. They keep all that creative in house. They've got resources for it. There are certain other ways that we get things done, which I would kind of advise you on. Like, a lot of my. A lot of my clients have seen like really get kind of increase on some AI. UGC content doesn't work for everybody. But like I push. I push companies like to just kind of figure out what's best practice in creative and I can help ship that as well. Audience cleanup. You know, it sounds like you got a pretty good handle on it, but I. Yeah, I work directly in HubSpot a lot. You're on HubSpot, right? Yeah, I'll do a lot of audience cleanup within HubSpot. Make your audiences are synced properly. Make sure that your cookie settings and preferences are okay. I know it's kind of an issue sometimes I do a little bit of cleanup on that. I had a company, one of my clients that got sued because their website didn't have the proper disclaimers and they got. They had to pay off like 10k in California for violating a trap and trace law because their cookie preferences weren't updated. They weren't using HubSpot at that time. I just make sure that these are in place and that allows you to sync audiences between HubSpot and Meta, for example. So that's really easy. With adopts. I'm not marketing ops. I just have a bunch of templates that I use and like kind of other reporting dashboards and frameworks that I use within HubSpot do that. And then I think just in general, like I'll. I'll work on strategy and that's like one thing where a lot of times like I'm just used to kind of like connecting your product, like go to market strategy with other things that have worked. So you know what that's like. Oftentimes it's a new product launch. If that does kind of expand the audiences, you know, I can react to that like pretty quickly and kind of help you build out like a new. A new kind of paid social campaign against that. Those are really the five buckets I find myself working in. One thing that I will say a lot of clients do need a little help and I imagine this may be the same within reporting, there's like generally a bit of conversion optimization that's. There's always conversion optimization to clean up in both Google and Meta, but just making sure, like within meta, do you have CAPI set up? Do you know, like conversions API?
Adam Harrison: Yeah, I believe. Yeah, we're tracking. I'm not sure if it's capi or there's like two different kinds. Right. For tracking conversions, but we have basically something that is whenever someone creates a note in the product or signs up through the form that is getting logged in Meta as the conversion event.
matt: Okay. Okay, great. Yeah, I mean we would take a look at that. Usually what would happen even at like a much higher level of spend is as we get more volume in the funnel, we would try to bring the stage of conversion event like down a little bit deeper in the funnel. So like I usually like, I'll won't go into weeds here, but something called single stage optimization or SSO that I think is like not often enough Talked about in B2B ads, but basically is we look at the event that we get, it's as deep in the funnel as possible that gives us enough data on a monthly basis.
matt: So usually that's like 30 plus events. If we get 30 plus events on a 30 day basis, we, we bring that event down in the funnel and we use that as our conversion optimization. So if you are scaling, if you have bit more data, if we can match that, then we can get, send a bit more quality signals.
matt: So that's, that's actually one way that I really broadcast with Arcana over the last month with a previous consultant. So it's like not talked about too much but there's just always cleanup to be done and that's like an ever evolving process.
Adam Harrison: Great.
matt: Okay. So I think like, you know, in any engagement we'd start with kind of like a. We'd start with what does, what does it actually look like? What does it actually look like? Where are we going to get? I think like with what you said with creative. Well from day one we get to like a creative like pretty quickly. You know, if it's actually like we need some new creative, we can go out and do that.
matt: I have one client that basically hired me on Thursday and said, you know, success looks like. Success looks like five leads from Meta with your new campaign on Tuesday. So I think I delivered like 12. This is a billion dollar company now. The CEO, you know, kind of absolutely batshit, but you hear that for me, very, very, very high grind score in terms of things.
matt: But basically like we can ship things really quickly. I think it's just like figuring out what we need and then getting to it. Like what moves the needle the most quickly. I like to take all, I like to basically show off the factory floor, which is like kind of how I work. Basically for all client engagements have the same delivery model. It's regular meeting sessions, usually weekly. Those like help us get in depth on strategy. We kind of go through everything. I've got a client portal called Coordinate HQ that I use. I use that for specificity just around kind of everything that we're shipping. And then I use either email or Slack just for speed in comms. Won't go through all of these, but like within. So I use Miro or Figma, but mostly Miro to just kind of like share some. Share some creatives. Just share a couple of these. Usually I might like tap group open to it, but. I'm. I don't like to dox any clients. But like all of these are. Are actually like all blank. So you can kind of kind of see these instead in Facebook Library. But what that would look like in Miro is just shaping different versions of the creative. You know, client will lie, client will kind of like chime in. And then. Yeah, this is actually like kind of a ad shipping session with a client that, you know, and here's kind of like final approvals. So, you know, these kind of big shape over time. Big shape over time. You can just see there's a lot of creative being being produced in here. And all of these are kind of live. So not. Not actually doxing. Doxing anybody. But you just kind of see like a creative goals process in here within. Within this generally or sorry, within my client portal, I generally have like, after every meeting, I'll add tasks that are associated with everyone. You'll actually get a breakdown. You know what I'm gonna. I'm gonna show kind of the breakdown that I have for you. So I have like kind of a weekly with you. I have all the action items. Here's next steps. Generally these would just go into a portal. They just go into a portal here. If they're big enough to. If they're big enough to kind of warrant their own item. So we stay organized that way. You know, I think like for a client like you, the portal would be kind of like the plumbing in the walls. Usually for. Clients that have like kind of a bigger, bigger org or there's just kind of like a ticketing system. Like why isn't this leap form working? If I can't get to it like right away, I just make a ticket for it. Or if it involves like another collaborate collaborator, I'll bring them into the portal and we'll collaborate that way just to get kind of get kind of a view on that. So yeah. So Mural Fathom Courtney HQ weekly meeting doc. I do reporting in HubSpot and Google sheets which I could share examples of and I use teller and loom or anything that's just kind of async usually in Slack as well. So probably not dissimilar from an agency just in terms of like kind of core working processes. However, like much, much more quickly and I think it goes from like strategy to tactical execution. You're just working with me. Okay. Like I talked about, there's basically I work with companies in two ways. Like a company that's pretty established and is looking for somebody to run their, you know, meta ads. I hate to pick on Katie, but I'm sure you like kind of talked about it. Yeah, usually that's I'm going in to run the. Run the ads for them. Kind of working in a similar way for companies who are kind of. Prior to that, it's a bit more of a pilot approach. My pilots are month a month. Like I don't believe in like single kind of like let me ship you an audit for a thousand bucks or do this kind of thing. Like I just kind of put you in. We do weekly meetings, we take a step back, like divide up the tasks that need to be done. We can implement things like, you know, after weekly calls and generally after like one to two months, we've got clarity on like where we want to go, whether you want to start running a channel or whether, you know, it's not great to actually do this. You want to do something else. I love to hear your thoughts, but I figured that this type of pilot would make a bit more sense for you at this point.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, yeah, I think for sure we're definitely in the camp of like. Yeah. Looking for more of like kind of. Yeah. Pilot, you know, advisory. More. More time. Bound to start, you know, kind of figuring out what we're going to probably have to dive in, figure out what we're. What we need to do in what order. So yeah, I think that that arrangement definitely makes more sense than like the running the channel one. So yeah, full in, full agreement here.
matt: Okay. And I'm happy to, you know, kind of talk through each of them at any time, but basically, I've got. Three ways that I work with people, I can kind of like talk you through them. In some client instances. It's purely a. It's purely like I just need some coaching. That's generally when they have somebody who's a bit more junior with that. Like I just do strategy calls. So you spend a bit of time on Miro. He spent a bit of time working through things. You can kind of bring on Brandon calls. I think where other companies are like kind of where other companies that are a bit at similar stage like would be either like core core accelerated. I mean actually I can give you some pretty, pretty solid examples I think like where things would start to make sense. So with my core offering, this is basically a half a day per week divided into basically strategy calls. So weekly strategy calls plus an execution time block. This one is as close to kind of like an agency offering is like I'll go and kind of like fix Cappy for you. Align things. We can, we'll have like weekly deliverables. We'll work together on them. But this is actually like where I get in and like help you build things the. And at your spend level. I, you know, always like game for like optimizing for, for revenue. But I'm definitely like much more of like things are way better. Like you get off like really good foundations and then you like actually start running the channel and start scaling it. So I've had for core accelerated, I have some clients that are like, hey, we're spending 30k a month and we have like no idea what's going on and things are a mess and our previous person left and it's all hands on deck. And that is a lot of times like everybody is on the weekly call and that it's a bit of time from the team. But I have some clients who are like just, just like money is not a problem where it's just go time. It'll help us scale this like really quickly. Go kind of look at this. I don't think you're there. Although, like maybe, maybe, maybe you are. But if I were to say like kind of that like 10k ish bucket, help me figure it out. But let's like I've got time to like look at one channel this week and maybe look at another channel next week or let's talk through this channel this week and then Matt, can you look at Google Ads like this week as well like to use up that execution time. That's probably where I put you just with full, you know, kind of full disclosure. But I also think that gets you, like, pretty quickly, within 30 to 60 days to a point where you can, like, be confident in how you're scaling.
Adam Harrison: Gotcha. So I guess a question from our side, and this is sort of how I think, like, you know, we tend to prefer to engage from our side is like, is there an option where we just sort of like, do an hourly rate and we kind of start low and scale up and over time and kind of maybe start with more. More of the strategy work? And then as we find things like, oh, this makes sense for Adam to go fix, or this makes sense for Matt to, like, go deep on.
Adam Harrison: Is that like an option? Or you prefer to kind of stick to these different, like, discrete kind of packages? Because we're. We're pretty early, we're pretty flexible, and that just tends to be like, how we, you know, operate. And it's. That's like what we do as Katie and like others. So.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, I don't know if that's like, something you're open to either.
matt: Yeah, I think the best. The way I think about that is, like, generally it's. It's kind of tough to. It's kind of tough for me to like, well, things. There's like, kind of two ways to look at it. Like, number one, like, it tends to be much more expensive if I'm tracking hourly just because I do. There's just like a lot of like, client overlap and stuff that I'm doing. And then number two, I am like, just kind of blocking out a certain number of capacity for any clients. So I assume you're taking up that capacity. And then number three, like, I kind of sell in chunks of hours as well. So if I'm selling you kind of like, you know, for example, like sell like a 10 pack, not 10 pack of hours, but, you know, to kind of do what I do. Like, I would sell like 10 hours at like 2,500 bucks. It roughly kind of backs into like 2:50 an hour rate at that. With a 4K, 4K a month, like, you basically get half a day of execution. So if you kind of back into that, it's going to be much cheaper than doing it kind of hourly. And it's going to be, in my estimation, the number of hours that you're going to need to. To get where you want to go.
Adam Harrison: I see, I see. Okay, that's helpful.
matt: I can tell you a bunch of things. Like, I've had. I've had. I've had companies that have, like, come to me, like, hourly in the past, and they're like, just trying to jam things in the scope because you're like, this is hourly. I'm like, no, you're like, scoping this wrong. It's got to be scoped either way. Like, like, like, can you spend five minutes looking at this thing again? But there's no five minutes to look at, like, a new channel. And if you're budgeting, like, five hours a week and trying to get this done, like, let's just right size it from the start just so like, like, I just also, like, stay pretty busy, so I just kind of like that need to block that scope anyway.
Adam Harrison: I see. Okay, that's helpful. So, yeah, I think, I think we're probably either in like the option one or option two camp. So, you know, obviously my preferences for option two, I think, you know, I'll need to kind of like try to get people on board with that, you know, internally. So, um, yeah, that's probably like my, my read on thing that at this point.
matt: Okay, what's. I do have like a little bit of a sweetener just if you can move a little bit more quickly. I realize like that's not completely up to you. I'll drop this in an email that you can kind of share with the team. But basically if you can decide by. Giving this to a couple prospective clients here on the fence right now. If you can decide basically by February 11th. What I do is credit. Credit the first like first payment up to like any like run the channel offering. So like 4k that you'd spend on this would be applied to basically the first four months of a service. You were basically getting a thousand months off. 1000 bucks off any like if I'm like actually going and running the channel for you. So if you are kind of like thinking about scaling this year, could be a little bit of a sweetener if it works within your timeframe. Like I said, I will add that into the email just as a little bit of a sweetener if you want to move quickly. But I also just know kind of like my, my schedule will probably fill up pretty quickly. So yeah, that's a little incentive for you to like move fast internally and hopefully it works with your team as well.
Adam Harrison: Okay, cool. And so for like. So I understand each of the options. So I guess how I read coach is that like bi weekly, Is that once every two weeks or twice. Twice a week? I'm assuming it's once every two weeks, right?
matt: Yeah, once. Once every two weeks. And what I do, what I do for those sessions, like I have one person I've been coaching for a while and he's like, it kind of works with him because he's like always kind of blocked on like certain strategies like managing a bunch of different channels. And he's like, I'm just Brent. Then just, just tell me what. He tends to use a lot of like Slack access and I do a lot of tele videos for him, so it makes up for a bit of like not having the face to face. But I think like a lot of those things. Things are just like, hey, am I setting this up right? And I'll like record impeller videos and kind of like, kind of walk them through the setup on it. But in that I'm not actually like shipping. I'm not actually like, okay, I'll have this for you. Like, I'm not actually like shipping creative. I'm not actually like going in and fixing things for him.
Adam Harrison: Okay, cool. Yeah, I guess that would be maybe like, maybe one question is how, how much of your time should we realistically expect in like the Coach and Core packages? That's probably like a question that I'll, I'll get as well. Even if a lot of that time is like Async. So I think Core, you said it's basically like four hours a week, is that right?
matt: Yeah, it's about half a day. I mean like as I, as I kind of go through, as I kind of go through my like time blocks, basically like what I'll, what I'll have is a set kind of two hours for our prep, our call, our follow up, like any strategy or follow up like within our call. I'll like have a two hour block for you and then I'll have another two, two hour block where if you need to ping me in real time in Slack, I'll be working on your other, your other things. So it's realistically like kind of half an hour. Sorry, half a day a week. And so you can kind of back into, back into rates that way. I don't, I don't love having, like I said, if I do start tracking actual hours spent, it starts to get a lot more expensive just because, you know, thinking about these problems, you know, when I'm like not in front of my computer, I'm picking up kids.
matt: When I'm also, when I'm also working on other clients, like you know, I'm, I'm taking extra sessions with some of my clients that are, you know, with like face meta reps at some of my like big spend accounts. Like where do I, where do I assign those hours?
Adam Harrison: No, total. Totally understand.
matt: So you know, as I said, like, like most of my business are like these longer term, longer term relationships and the goal is to get you enough value in like one to two months that you can make a good decision on that.
Adam Harrison: Okay, got it. All right, that's helpful. Yeah. Sorry, I don't mean to keep like coming back to the thing. I know, I know that's not like the right way to think about it, but I'm just sort of thinking how I will, like, frame this back, you know, because, you know, I just don't. I just want to make sure it's more of, like, if I. If we go with option one, it's not like, you know, we meet for an hour twice a month. It's also like, hey, Matt is sort of, you know, answering questions on Slack as we have them, and we're going back and forth offline on things, and, you know, we're still kind of, like, moving the ball forward, even if we're not, like, face to face as frequent. That. That's kind of like what I was trying to just make sure I messaged. So sounds like that is sort of like. What it, what it would look like.
matt: Yeah, and I can, I can give a few more examples of that, like the type of, the type of thing that I'm delivering back and forth. But there's a lot of async communications on that level to kind of like make it, make it the best fit, you know, if that, if that's something that kind of like would. Would get you moving. If it's a lot of stuff that you're working on, but you know, you're working on, you don't need leadership. Those types of engagements are great for me as well. It's just a little bit of a different model sometimes.
Adam Harrison: Okay, cool. No, that sounds good. And I can also share a couple quick updates on our end. So we are, we're kind of talking with a number of different creative folks who hopefully be able to do actually like kind of the creative producer role to some extent for us, like actually generating the content where I think we still are going to have a pretty big gap is more around like, you know, more of the creative, like upstream of that, like the creative strategy. Like, what should we actually, you know, what kind of content should we make and what are the different. What's the guidance we want to give essentially to these different creators that we're going to be working with and then everything else around the actual meta, like account setup stuff that we like went through all those categories, like 2 through 5. So if I were to like scope this out, it would probably be a little bit of like, you know, let's figure out how Adam can like point the ship in the right direction for the like one to three different, like, creative folks. He's going to probably engage and then setting up, making sure like all the account infrastructure is set up in the right way to like maximize kind of performance. So, you know, I personally, I like. My preference would be like, I could just work with you on everything like end to end and maybe we will kind of move there eventually.
Adam Harrison: But if I just think about like where we have the biggest gaps right now, it's probably more around actually. Like, how do we actually like set this up and run it in an intelligent way and less around like we need someone in Canva or Figma or Miro to like, you know, build stuff piece by piece. But if that makes sense.
matt: Yeah. So I mean, like, I'll just share a little bit more. Like you can see my screen. Like, sorry, I have. Some of my clients are like, oh, you know, Matt, this is the poor man's. Whether it's for Google Ads. Whether it's for meta ads, whether it's for LinkedIn. I just have some customized Google sheets that I use. I have my kind of standard, I have my kind of preferences in terms of length of ad copy. So some of these are like really built out and kind of picky again, but basically. And then, you know, like kind of build out everything so you get. So I have a kind of a design language to talk to, a, you know, kind of naming conventions. Yeah. Some of these have like hundreds of creators in them already, but basically this is something, you know, I can use to like ship four batches of creative a month on pretty easily. You're probably creating, you know, a couple batches per month of like four to six creatives. I also work with, I also, I also work with a few designers directly. If you'd like to work with them, you can kind of see their work product and decide whether you want to work with them. But basically create a production and you know, at the startup scale is not something we need to go out and buy like magic brief for or, or anything. Like there's some other tools we can use, but a lot of the actual production is done in something like this and then like a mural board.
Adam Harrison: Okay, cool.
matt: So that, you know, you can scale up to the six figures in monthly spend pretty easily on a process like this.
Adam Harrison: Okay. Is it, would it be okay with you if you owned more of like the brief side and then we have like a few other partners that we. That do the actual, like this, this part here that we're looking at. Just because I would kind of prefer to spend your like our time together on like some of those other account level setup and strategy things potentially. Yeah, yeah.
matt: So all this would be included. Yeah, it's pretty easy for me. Um, and then you know, obviously like anything that's like ad campaign level, like I just have kind of a lot of. I'd be generating like, you know, understand like where all the audiences set, like how we're. How are mapping them. How are we mapping them? Like with seasonality, even like on a week by week basis. So I think like scaling from kind of like 8k to 20, 30k a month like pretty profitably with a lot of fresh creative is. Yeah, just be able to either enable you with that or help rerun that. So. Okay, cool.
Adam Harrison: Awesome. Well, great.
Adam Harrison: Anything else we should cover? I know we're out of time.
matt: Let's do this. Let's grab one more time next week. Just have something on the calendar in case you have any more questions or in case people have questions internally. I'd love to work with you, but you know, I want to make sure I've addressed any questions that you or your team have.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, that sounds good. And sorry, I thought we had 45 minutes. I just looking.
matt: It was 30, so. That's okay.
Adam Harrison: No, it's okay. My. My bad. There.
matt: All good.
Adam Harrison: Yeah. I could do same time next week. If you want to just keep it simple.
matt: All right, I will. I'll add that to the calendar for next week. All right, thanks, Adam.
Adam Harrison: All right. Thank you, Matt. I appreciate it. I'm. I'm excited about this. So, yeah, we'll. We'll come back to you soon.
matt: All right, thanks, Adam.
Adam Harrison: All right, bye.