Nathan Peereboom: Insurance billing and you want to do out of network or out of pocket payments through Job.
Monica Dyer: Psych. Yes I think I got the out of pocket payment setup since I wrote that it was like stuck stripe is stuck but got just kind of kept going through it and it connected to my other account. So we're good there and yes I am not individually credentialed yet, but that should be coming soon. Through Jat psych and yes hiring someone in the next couple days.
Nathan Peereboom: Amazing when. Let me just make sure your stripe connect account is all set up. Let's see. Did you do it at a rose water.
Monica Dyer: But it was it's under Monica J Dyer at gmail elsewhere and so they eventually were able it's the same account now.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay great. Let's see so were you able to send any any payments through or like request any payments did that work for you?
Monica Dyer: I haven't tried yet. Since since I got it set up.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay awesome well let me know how that goes if you have any like friction with it just you know let us jump in and do troubleshooting. What when you think about your billing situation actually just bring me into your world here Monica are you it sounds like you're starting out kind of you're you're turning a new page you're you know you're starting to get credentialed for by yourself you're hiring a VA do you have a website and all that?
Monica Dyer: No just have psychology today in headway profiles but things are just really. Expanding quickly so yeah it's been it's been amazing just word of mouth so yeah trying to I've been on headway and Alma but want to be flexible to work from any country and so doing my own credentialing and comparing rates and everything to can't really know till you get the contract I think and yeah so moving in that direction to just have it set up to run on its own without the platforms.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah that makes sense. When you excuse me this virtual assistant that you are hiring do they have experience doing billing.
Monica Dyer: Some do yes.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay have you already hired the virtual assistant? No no okay. Would you find it helpful to hear just like how we do billing just so you can think about it as you hire your virtual assistant.
Monica Dyer: Yeah definitely that's okay part of why I wanted to have this meeting before I hired just like okay what's even in you know does that entail is it going to be involved on their part or can I go with a more like like with a nurse who can just sort of click through things for me or do I need someone who specializes more and you know coding and all that kind of stuff.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. Have you ever done your own billing have you ever experienced it?
Monica Dyer: No just besides picking out my codes for headway
Nathan Peereboom: gotcha what do you hear from other colleagues like what what do you assume to be true about billing just from conversations you've had with other folks in your field.
Monica Dyer: It's that it's doable but just takes time and more steps and everything. So I think it's worth. Making sure that it's you know just done properly not one more thing that I need to be thinking about I'm okay with a small percentage for that.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah okay well let me oh sorry one last question. So you were on these MSOs these like these platforms do you have a sense of like how much of your revenue they take when you build through them.
Monica Dyer: I saw recently this like one patient was like has to pay everything the whole session costs out of pocket until they meet their deductible. And what my I calculated that I get versus what they're paying for the whole session the difference was like 27% or something like that on headway but I don't I know it varies per payer across the board.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah the the rule of thumb is 20 to 30% of your revenue goes to the platforms when you use them.
Monica Dyer: So.
Nathan Peereboom: I guess first of all congratulations on moving off of them because they are like your life will change as you move off them they really change the financial picture of your practice and also they allow you to own your brand more and it sounds like you don't need necessarily like more patience but you know if you ever well I'll walk you through what we do with Jotville but the thing I will say is if you are interested in going forward with drop bill we have a like as our promotion this week is that we are doing free website builds for people who decide to start. So if that's interesting to you, you just let me know and we can set that up. All right.
Monica Dyer: Okay. Yeah. I'm paying for hosting already for a site. So I do need to do that.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, I mean well yeah we can talk about it down the line. But one thing that's nice about using jot psych for your website builder is we integrate our calendar into it. So patients come to your website they see all the information they need about you and it's integrated with our system so those appointments hit directly into your job site calendar and if you choose to use us as an EHR it's a really all in one system.
Monica Dyer: Okay perfect. Yeah I'm aiming to use JOT as many HR. And pestering everyone with ideas of like hey this would make it a lot better how about this how about this?
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah totally oh are you are you already on like jot RX and like some of the other parts you are great okay
Monica Dyer: awesome there there's a few challenges with that one but like I have a back to back sessions with Lee last week and I had a whole list of things that I think could make it better so yeah. I had jot audit I met with. Gia.
Monica Dyer: Yes Joya yes last week and I think I need to just do the the full package. Setup mentioned that there was a discount that she could apply. Because I have my Data X ongoing. Trial sorry and so yeah I do want to figure out how to. Like just sign up because I keep seeing all these other little features that you know for this cost or this cost and I'm like okay I need to be figuring everything out already
Nathan Peereboom: yeah yeah well that sounds good I mean we offer a lot of pricing flexibility because everyone's different and we want them to be able to get what they what they want and what we've discovered is that some people. Really don't like the idea that they're paying for something they're not using so that's why we have the a la carte pricing but if you're using everything you should totally get the you know the full package that gives you a big discount on the whole thing so yeah. All right well let me let me walk you through Jot Bill. So. Just at a high level the reason we built jot Bill was because what we noticed was that people in this field. Were hiring us to write their notes primarily to defend themselves from the Inquisition of payers.
Monica Dyer: They need their data our data in a certain way
Nathan Peereboom: exactly and so what we found was that. We were like what's the best thing that we could offer to people and it's this it's the idea that we take your pair documents the things that you get credentialed with we write your notes in accordance with those rules and then we do all the claim writing appealing appealing you know any back and forth with the insurance company based on the context of those documents. So our AI system is you know Jotville is a combination of an AI and a bunch of humans who are watching and shepherding your billing through. So from your perspective you would just basically you wouldn't need to hire like a virtual assistant or anyone else you wouldn't have to manage them. All that would happen is you go into jobs like you'd see your eligibility you'd see your clinic your your client sign the note and you'd be totally done. Now we would function as basically your financial advisor in that not only are we processing all of your claims and making sure that you get paid but we're also meeting with you to to help you understand hey Monica this is what's going on in your practice this is how we think you can grow this is how we think you can have better economics on your practice and the reason that that's exciting to us is that this is you know this is all like. Incentive aligned work so we take four to eight percent that's the price of the the service but what's awesome about that is you know our goal is to double and triple your practice like we want to help you figure out like you know if you if you should want that to hire people under you to practice at the top of your license to have you know nearly zero audit risk to submit claims really really fast and get paid fast because everything about how we get paid is based on you making you know making your your revenue work. So youo know at the high level you know we would do as I mentioned the the hyper vigilant eligibility checks we'd write your pair where documentation we'd code your
Monica Dyer: notes makes me want to like medicate somebody like you're hypervigilant no no in the psych world oh man I actually
Nathan Peereboom: should be careful about that I didn't know that that was a term of art so yes so so you know we would do all of that we'd submit we clean the claim we'd submit the claim we'd reconcile what was you know promised to you versus your contract we do auto appeals if there was a denial we'd update payer rules we'd actually even look in your your bank account and make sure what hit your bank account was actually like what was in the contract and what was in the era and we do patient collection so we would do the entire kit in caboodle. The benefit of this is you just don't have to think about it at all like you can really focus on the thing you like doing and this is part of why we're throwing in for this week the website build because again in our mind we're like we just want this to go as well as you as it can for you Monica because every like incremental benefit to your practice is something that we would also benefit from so so that's the setup we think it's like a really great service people seem to be liking it. And yeah that's kind of the the overview of what we do. Maybe I can ask this. When you think about hiring someone like what else would you like them to do like would this service be able to replace. The idea of hiring another person.
Monica Dyer: No I mean. It's through these companies in other countries so it's really like very low cost and so I can hire a nurse. Like full time for less than $1,000 in a month to be able to help me just verifying patient medlist. I was thinking they would log on before I do talk to the patient verify their medication list verify allergies address any changes and then just kind of making sure that all of that is up to date. And then yeah helping like maybe running the jot audit for me and then I can just kind of go through scan the note sign and then we're good to go. So I'm kind of more on the medical side but then also answering calls returning calls and rescheduling refills PAs. So insurance companies things.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah I mean one thing I would say well I guess maybe I can ask you like is is this billing offering something that you would be interested in like in addition to what you're doing right now.
Monica Dyer: Yes. Yeah because I think like everything I just said is enough for a full time job and I was kind of like am I going to need two full time people so if you know depending on the billing side and yeah like especially if it's going to increase revenue overall it's worthwhile investment.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah yeah yeah totally I mean that's what we believe deeply. What if you were going to move forward with this what would be what would you need from us like what what's what would you need to be in place for you to feel like you know what I'm ready to like get set up and get started and all of that.
Monica Dyer: I mean I'm not credentialed yet so if it's an extra charge or anything it's just it's by it's by billing right it's the percentage
Nathan Peereboom: it's not like so credentialing is a separate thing do you need to be credentialed. Do you need a company to help help your credential?
Monica Dyer: I had already started that before I found out that you guys did it yeah yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah so when did you start that process.
Monica Dyer: It's been a month and a half okay.
Nathan Peereboom: Do you know where the process is like do you have any updates from them.
Monica Dyer: Yeah. Nothing is fully approved yet which tracks with the headway rate of credentialing. But yeah most of it. Seems to be moving along okay there may be other payers that I want a credential with that could be more streamlined to go through you guys with hadn't had learned about that from y'all.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay. That makes sense all right so. I think here's what we could do. What we could do is while you're waiting to get credentialed it might be a great time for us to do the website build. So one thing that we could do is if you were if you were able to decide hey I'm excited to move forward with Jot psych as my billing company whenever credentialing comes through down the line you could at least get started on the website and that way credentialing could get done as the website was finishing and you'd already have all like your billing set up and we can do some of like we can at least do like the data intake for setting up billing because there's like a bunch of stuff that's just like ticky tacky. How would that sound to you is that something that you would want to get in place just so it's like one thing you don't have to think about anymore.
Monica Dyer: Yeah because there's not, I mean are there any. Fees like to start it or anything like that there's no overhead fee? Now as you go percentage basically yeah okay yeah no that sounds good for sure.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay cool well let me do this I'm going to right now send you this. Contract. And I'll follow up you know just to say like oh you know don't forget but whenever you sign that what we'll do is we will set up. Let's see. Okay let me copy this. But we'll set up a time to do the inter we do a small interview to understand hey what kind of practice like what do you want to portray to the world in your website? And that's a really good time for you to. Yeah for us just to like take in all the personalized information that actually makes your website you and not just like a generic like Linux website so let me.
Monica Dyer: See. I had chat GPT write some website copy and it was actually like creepy how it knew me so I have some you know. That I was already kind of working on too that I can share when we get to that that point but yeah I keep meaning to go back over it but I'm like well let me just like get my. My I don't know like feet on the ground with a practice and then I'll come back to the website and then it's you know it's been two months and yeah totally. How much do you all charge per payer for credentialing?
Nathan Peereboom: We do 300 per pair unless you do more than 10 and then it drops to 250.
Monica Dyer: Oh wow okay. I paid 50 per pair.
Nathan Peereboom: You pay 50 per pair. Interesting who who's doing it for 50 per pair I think that's that's like the lowest price I've probably ever heard.
Monica Dyer: Yeah yeah I believe they're in India. Yeah but I had a friend who's already been credentialed to them and had a really good experience.
Monica Dyer: So that's awesome. Once you get the contracts and stuff. Will it work the same basically just. I'll need to get them to you guys to upload.
Nathan Peereboom: Yep that's exactly right.
Monica Dyer: Okay.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay let me just write some fine print on here. And send okay just send it to you let me know if you're yeah let me know if you have any questions but everything should be in there and let's get a interview on the calendar I'm just going to assume that you'll probably sign that and so the next step is just doing a little interview to intake you does that sound good?
Monica Dyer: Yeah sounds good.
Nathan Peereboom: All right perfect how does Friday at. Let's see. How does Friday add 1 p.m. sound. Actually 14 12 45 p.m eastern how does that sound.
Monica Dyer: Let me get. Too many calendars. Okay you said Friday at what time.
Nathan Peereboom: 12 45 p.m Eastern.
Monica Dyer: So 11 45 here I have a patient okay. Anything in the afternoon later how about.
Nathan Peereboom: 3 p.m Eastern. For. 315 Eastern 3 30 Eastern.
Monica Dyer: Also but then do you have anything. Okay 11. I have a 12 o'clock patient so 11 45 because you do like 11 30 well how long is the interview.
Nathan Peereboom: It's probably like 20 minutes.
Monica Dyer: 11 30 because well 12 30 Eastern be possible.
Nathan Peereboom: Let's see. Yep I can do 12 30.
Monica Dyer: Okay.
Nathan Peereboom: Perfect okay and send okay I just sent it to you. Perfect. All right great well we will talk. Friday at 12 30 okay.
Monica Dyer: Sounds good do you know how I can sign up for. The whole.
Nathan Peereboom: Package let me just do it on my end. I think it's 299 for the whole like everything your subscription cost never changes.
Monica Dyer: Okay that was 249.
Nathan Peereboom: 249 let me look into it for you let me look into it for you.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay okay yeah sounds good but yeah I can do that on my side okay.
Monica Dyer: Okay.
Nathan Peereboom: All right perfect great Monica excited thank you so much.
Monica Dyer: Have a good one bye bye all right bye bye.