Becca Bressler: Hey, daniel.
Daniel Chadda: Hi, becca.
Becca Bressler: How are you?
Daniel Chadda: I'm good. I'm good. How are you?
Becca Bressler: Good. Also good, actually. Really excited about this project because it's like. I feel like what we've had you guys do before is helping a lot of, like, historical learning, like, stuff we need to address and don't know and have needed to learn, like onboarding, user first experience, etc. But what I'm having you guys dive into now is really, like, ongoing. We just launched something we need to understand, like, you know, where to target. Did you get a chance to read it? I'm sure you've had classes, so I really just want to get the beginning.
Daniel Chadda: Yeah, honestly, I meant to, but I had, like, a midterm earlier, and then I just had to, like, run in my next class, so I didn't get, like, too much of a chance to go over it, but honestly, yeah, no worries.
Becca Bressler: My hope was to spend the first, like, 10 minutes with you guys just reading it.
Daniel Chadda: I don't think there's.
Becca Bressler: I don't think there's, like, a ton to discuss, so just. Just, you know, feel free to read it, and then, you know, Alex will do the same, and then we can chat about it.
Daniel Chadda: Okay.
Becca Bressler: Hey. Hey, guys.
Alex Nikolaev: Sorry I'm late.
Becca Bressler: Problem. How's it going? Pretty good.
Alex Nikolaev: How are you guys?
Becca Bressler: Good. Alex, I was just saying to Daniel, I kind of want to take the first, like, 10 minutes or whatever with you guys just reading it. I know. I didn't send it that long ago, and I figured you both could use a chance to read it. So what if you guys, like, go off camera read and then just come back on camera when you're done?
Alex Nikolaev: Yep. Tells you it.
Becca Bressler: Hey.
Alex Nikolaev: Hey.
Becca Bressler: Oh, you both are back. Okay, great. Cool. Do you guys have questions? I don't. You just read it. I don't feel like I need to, like, monologue, I think I was telling this to Daniel. I'm really excited about this project because it's not like a looking back into data that's been sitting around for a really long time to help us learn things. We just haven't had time to learn. But, like, we launched this a week ago. We're having some early signals that this is really exciting or could be exciting. And, yeah, we want to see what we can learn from the people that have already purchased it, people who are inquired about it, and see if we can, like, find Personas of people that we think this is, like, actually that we should be targeting more, whether it's for marketing or, you know, whatever. But anyways, what questions do you guys have that I can answer?
Alex Nikolaev: Daniel, you go first, please.
Daniel Chadda: Sure. Not much of a question. I just wanted to say, like, you know, I'm pretty excited about this project, and it also kind of seems just like from some of the stuff I was reading, I think it's especially under section four, you know, we're just talking about, like, broader usage comparisons and just evaluating, like, if these people are, like, power users in any category. I think it could really tie into, like, the project I just did, you know, not just seeing, like, you know, are they using, like, some of the features heavily, but also, like, maybe even more specific interactions, like, how many times are they using these features and, like, what combinations are they using? So I don't know. I think that could be very interesting. Excited to kind of look into that part specifically.
Becca Bressler: Yeah. Cool. Alex, what about. Yeah, what do you think?
Alex Nikolaev: Yeah, for me, all of it made a lot of sense. I'm just curious about learning more about the product itself.
Becca Bressler: I don't know.
Alex Nikolaev: Have you had a chance to really get involved with jaw audit, understand how it works and everything? Because. I'm looking at it for the first time. Really? I'm guessing it was published live recently. Right.
Becca Bressler: Let's do a demo. Why don't we take time to do a demo?
Alex Nikolaev: Yeah, that'd be helpful.
Daniel Chadda: Yeah. I'm kind of in the same boat as Alex. I think so. Yeah, definitely. Very helpful.
Becca Bressler: For sure. That makes total sense. Let me find my incognito window because that's where I can get. One second, guys. Sorry, too many open.
Becca Bressler: Okay, it's down here. Okay, Great. Can you see my job site?
Alex Nikolaev: Yep.
Becca Bressler: Okay, so. So JOT audit is this new feature next to the edit button for notes. Here, let me go to past note because that one's maybe still loading. What's the date today? Oh. Oh, these are all pretty freaking solid. Okay, okay, so basically what JOT audit does is okay to back up for a second. You guys both probably know this, but just to like frame, you know, a lot of people use us to help them write more compliant notes. So like, people bill certain CPT codes and they expect a certain reimbursement rate. And sometimes they're not like paid what they ought to be paid. And so they have to defend their charge with like, no, no, here's what I did in the session. I should be paid more because of what I did in the session. Or they're going to be audited, right? So like an insurance company is going to come to them and be like, hey, we want to see all your patient records for all your records for this patient for the past year. You coded them at this CPT code. And we want to make sure that like, that's right. And the way to sort of defend what you're coding, which meet, get, which determines what you're getting paid is with the note, right? So this is like what a lot of people use us for is just making sure that they have robust documentation. And so what that means is like what? Or that. What that means for JWT audit is this new thing that we introduced is basically giving them a way to not just like see their note in JOT Psych, but then to have this system flag it for any potential issues. So we uploaded from 150 plus different sources. We uploaded a lot of documents around payrolls, which is like Cigna, Aetna, whatever, right? Because different payers, different insurance companies require you to meet different criteria. For certain CPT codes to get reimbursed at certain rates. Like, it's a mess, you know. And so what we're doing here is like leveraging LLM's ability to take in a ton of messy text and like thought, you know, compare it against the note of what we have of what happened in session and like figure out where there's gaps, right? Figure out what matches where there's gaps. So basically like even just at a quick, quick glance, these are different rules for documentation. So like let's just say say suicide and homicide risk documentation being one of them. So every behavioral health encounter note must explicitly document the patient's suicide risk and homicide risk status, including whether the patient endorses or denies suicide ideation. So this is like something that every single note needs to articulate, like no risk essentially, if you want to not get sued or also just pass an audit, et cetera. And so these are just like a ton of different rules that we have programmed that are that a document needs to meet in order to be like 100% compliant. Does that kind of make sense? So this is like the engine that basically underlies. This, what you see, right? So that's the engine of rules that's being compared against the note and it's doing two different things. So you can't see it here, here. Maybe because this is. Hold on, let me just see. The engine sort of does like two different things. One, it suggests a CPT code which is basically. Let me just like this is so annoying because all these are compliant. Hold on. So you'll see this though if you start playing around with it yourself. And what I would suggest for your job site accounts is I do this sometimes where I'm like, do I have a different account I could go into? I like go to ChatGPT and I said write me a fake follow up encounter that is not going to meet all of the pair requirements. Like leave some gaps for this audit tool to like catch mistakes, right, so that I can copy and paste just to like play around with it. If you want, you can put it in the notepad basically and generate a note and you can use that to play around with this tool yourself so that you can take a note and like see what's here. Sorry, this is so annoying. What's going on here? I think this is so processing.
Alex Nikolaev: I think I'm logged in. You're looking at this note, right? With Ibrahim. Do you see this?
Becca Bressler: Oh yeah, sure, yeah. And then if you go to View full audit, click View full audit Next to primary note audit.
Alex Nikolaev: Yeah.
Becca Bressler: Oh, no, that's not it. Oh. Then view note in the top right corner. Corner. Great. Okay. Yeah. So let me. Because you're seeing more than what I'm seeing. So what this engine does is a couple things. One, it suggests a CPT code. It's basically saying like, hey, here's what we picked up that you did in the session. And we think that qualifies for this CPT code because for more complex patients, where there's like a higher risk, where there's like four different medications, you can code at a higher rate and get a higher reimbursement rate. But what our system is trying to do is basically assess what happened in a session and then tell you what CPT code matches it. Then we're going to show you we think you're closest to this CPT code. Here's where you're not totally compliant with that CPT code, and we're going to suggest some fixes for you. There's a couple of things that you can do here, which is look at the rule. If you click it. You can also use fix with AI Alex, if you hover over the. The action suggested close out of this for a second.
Alex Nikolaev: Yep. Oh, here.
Becca Bressler: Yeah. So there's like a little wand or whatever. And if you click that. What it does. If you click that for a second.
Alex Nikolaev: Yeah.
Becca Bressler: It basically makes edits to your note, like suggested edits, based on the feedback that you're getting.
Alex Nikolaev: Oh, wow.
Becca Bressler: And it will update your note to basically match to fix the problem, basically. A couple other things to note, though. If you go back to the audit tab for a second, Alex is. We're suggesting this code and we're saying this is the code that we think is supported. A clinician, though, might be like, no, no, no, no, no. This is actually a different code. The notes might not reflect that, but I know that it's a different code. So they can manually click it and click the code and. And ask, basically ask the system. Is that clickable, Alex?
Alex Nikolaev: I think it is. This one. This one up here.
Becca Bressler: Is the green one not clickable?
Becca Bressler: No, I think it is. It definitely is supposed to be clickable, but I'm wondering. Hold on. Oh, I guess because yours is green, maybe it's already been accepted. Here, let me share my screen for a second, actually.
Alex Nikolaev: Yeah.
Becca Bressler: So one of the other things you can do is be like, okay, you're suggesting this code, but I actually think it's a 99214.
Becca Bressler: So I'm going to change the code and then it re. Audit it with that new code. It's going to be like, okay, these are a different set of rules. Basically, there are different requirements for different codes, so then it's going to run it against this. And so. Right, so. So, like, what we're trying to give people is a way of having more confidence that they're not going to get money clawed back from them because their documentation is, like, so robust. And if an insurance company tries to underpay them, they can be like, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. This meets this higher requirement. And here's why. And here's my note. So. So that's what this.
Becca Bressler: So this didn't work. Okay, so what you're seeing, though, is. Is why I want. Want stats. Oh, here. It did work. I was going to say is why I want you guys to look at Statsic videos, not spend like a crazy amount of time on it by any means. But. But statsig is really helpful in this case, specifically to see if you can catch bugs that people aren't reporting on. Like that. The thing about, like, when we release new features, people only complain about bugs when they're bug. When the products they're paying for and they already, like, are using our buggy. Right. But when new features are launched that are buggy, like, no one's really telling us about it because they're like, oh, this is new. It doesn't work. So. So reviewing Stats Sigs, I think would be helpful not just to, like, learn more about these Personas, but also just to keep an eye on and making sure you're not seeing anything that's, like, funky. That's. That's a separate point, though. Does this make sense? And one of the other things you can do is after you make certain fixes, you can rerun it, which basically says, like, okay, I implemented these different fixes that you suggested. Now let me run the audit again and see if I get like, a green check mark. Because honestly, because, like, ultimately what people want is something that looks like that, which is like, All rules compliant. I don't really know why there's this, like, discrepancy here, though, between, oh, yeah. Does that make sense, you guys?
Alex Nikolaev: Yeah, makes sense. Makes a ton of sense. Looks like a really cool product. Like, my first impression is like, I feel like this feature is going to be a lot more technical compared to any other feature we've had in the past, like template builder or customization. And that might pose, like, a risk or not a risk, but, you know, it's. It might take more to convince someone to understand or to, you know, want to pay for this feature because of how complicated it might be. Like, for some really, like, unlock its true value.
Alex Nikolaev: Yeah, I mean, like, earlier you were going through your screen I saw, like, there was a video somewhere. I don't know exactly what screen that was on. I'm assuming, like, that's the whole tutorial or something or.
Becca Bressler: Yeah. So right here is a Learn more button down here.
Alex Nikolaev: Oh, I see.
Becca Bressler: So this pulls up a video that you can watch that walks you through what it does after your note is generated. Decide the next step. Either adjust. The other thing I showed you is like the administrators panel. So, oops. So when. If you go to billing and auditing, and then you go to jaw audit, this is, like, in min. This is an administrator panel which is really built for, like, owners of clinics. Right. So you have, like, 20 clinicians. You want to be tracking how well they're doing in their documentation. Right. So you can, like. Or you just want a quick snapshot of your clinic. Right. So you can be like, okay, against all of these rules. Like, these are the ones we're, like, struggling with the most. You can, like, click into it and get more information about your providers. Like, which providers are. Are actually doing a good job with it. Which ones aren't. I get out of here. Oh, how are these, like, compliance rates determined?
Alex Nikolaev: Is it, like, for a particular rule, like, like, you're taking, like, the amount of notes that complied divided by total notes recorded, like, the tools being applied to. Yeah. Okay. And like, the whole overtime thing, like, that's also just, like, the amount of notes made on that day.
Becca Bressler: The overtime is like. Yeah. It's like your compliance score per day. Yeah.
Alex Nikolaev: Gotcha, gotcha, gotcha. Okay.
Becca Bressler: Right. Because you can imagine, like, a clinic's gonna have, like, a bunch of notes being charted every single day.
Alex Nikolaev: Yeah. So, like, an individual clinician, they're not gonna, like, see this whole compliance rate thing. Like, it's like, do we have an idea what. Of what their view looks like? Or we can just kind of make, like, a test account and view it that way.
Becca Bressler: So this is a really good question. So if you are. If you're in a group, if you're, like, in a B2B practice that we service, like, you're the. The practice administrator will see this. None of the clinicians, though, will see this. Right.
Alex Nikolaev: So this is just.
Becca Bressler: If you are, like, a B2C user, though, and you just sign up for us or you sign up with us, you see this, you both see. You see both sides of it. So the only people that don't see this are clinicians at group practices who are not the practice administrator of the practice.
Alex Nikolaev: Gotcha. Gotcha.
Becca Bressler: Yeah. I wouldn't, personally. I mean, go wherever things are, like, leading you. My hunch is that this is not going to be that. Like, I wouldn't index too hard on, like, this particular part of the product, because I think the people who've bought it so far are B2C users, not members of a clinic. But I. But I don't know. You'll. You'll. You'll see, obviously, when you start digging into it.
Alex Nikolaev: Yeah, sounds good.
Becca Bressler: Any other questions?
Daniel Chadda: Becca, not a question, but if we could, like, go back to just the audit screen real quick.
Becca Bressler: Yeah, yeah. You mean like the note? Like, pull up a note?
Daniel Chadda: Yeah, yeah.
Becca Bressler: Then let's see. Okay.
Daniel Chadda: Okay. Yeah. I don't know. This, this is like a small thing overall and it might be like more of a me thing than, you know, like a huge issue to look into. But the like the button that you press to get like the AI to rewrite the note to me, I don't know, it seems like pretty small and like the icon for. It's like a pencil which I don't know in my mind and this is probably just a meeting, but like I associate that with like I have to manually edit it instead of like the AI edit. I don't know if I'm just used to Gemini where it has like the little like AI icon, but I'm interested to see if like, I don't know, that's an issue with other people. Like maybe they're struggling to find the AI part because it doesn't seem like there are any other buttons for that, like, other than that one.
Daniel Chadda: Yeah, I don't know. I'm going to make a small note to myself to just like look out for that in the grain recordings. I think it could be helpful.
Becca Bressler: Yeah, totally. That sounds like you might see people like look at it but like not really know what to do with it. Like. Yeah, I totally keep an eye out for that. And I do want to schedule a check in for this to do some like early hypotheses. I'm not going to be super prescriptive about like only look at grains for the first 48 hours and tell me what you see. I do though think it's helpful to start with some hypotheses based on what you're seeing and then like see where the data leads you. But, but, but yeah, would, would love to do some type of a check in to get some like early hypotheses, things you're noticing and then like what you're planning on like tackling next, I guess. Does that sound good? And I'm thinking I'll schedule that check in for like Wednesday and then maybe we can do like final stuff Friday. Does that work for you guys?
Alex Nikolaev: Yeah.
Daniel Chadda: Yeah, Becca, I do have like two midterms on. So like happy to do like either Tuesday or Thursday if that works.
Becca Bressler: Or yeah, we could, we could do. Does Tuesday work for you, Alex? Or does that not feel like enough time to like.
Alex Nikolaev: Tuesday is good. It would just have to be like before 3:30.
Becca Bressler: Okay. I could also meet with you guys independently for like 10 minutes if you don't mind. It just, we can keep it really tight. So let's schedule that offline.
Daniel Chadda: Yeah.
Becca Bressler: And the one thing that I would say is, So at the end of the Deliverables. Right? It's, like, asking for, like, ideas for, like, moving forward. I would just caution you against thinking of solutions too early in this process. Right.
Becca Bressler: Like, I think having a hypothesis is good. Being like, this is kind of small. I wonder if people just, like, don't know it's there and can't find it. It. I think it's, like, a totally great idea to go in with a hypothesis and see what you find. But, like, try as best as you can to hold off on, like, the solution space until after you've, like, really gotten a good sense of what you're finding.
Daniel Chadda: Yeah.
Becca Bressler: Is the one thing I would say. Cool. Thanks, guys. Reach out if you have any questions. Okay. Oh, the one thing I do want to say, do you guys both know about. You must, because of the other analysis projects, the provider segments table in metabase. You guys are, like, aware of that, right?
Alex Nikolaev: You know what I mean when I say that?
Daniel Chadda: Yeah.
Alex Nikolaev: I haven't used it before. I know you, like, walked us through it. So there's probably some grain, some green video in the past as.
Alex Nikolaev: Yeah, discussion of that.
Becca Bressler: But one actual tip I might have. So the provider segment table is, like, not entirely reliable. Right. It's like maybe like 70% accurate because it's a scraper we built. Given that there are like six people. Eight. If you want to, like, count the people that reached out about it, I would honestly recommend, like, googling them, you know, like, see if they have a private practice if they're on, like, a multiple MSO platform. You know what I mean? Like, use the provider segments table but, like, also see how much you can find out about their profile just by, like, googling them and seeing and learning more about them. It won't take that long to just get like, a vibes back to. I'm also, like, watching pretty closely the stripe to see if people buy it. So I might end up, like, giving you a couple more people if more people buy it. But I don't suspect, like, a huge influx of. Of new buyers.
Alex Nikolaev: Gotcha.
Becca Bressler: Cool. All right, thanks, guys.
Alex Nikolaev: All right, thank you.
Daniel Chadda: Thank you. Bye.