Christopher Hume: You through what we do, and then I'll get you added. And then next time someone asks me to do a baa, you'll have your account set up. We'll walk through together, and I'll have you do it. And I'll just be on the line with you to be like, oh, do this, do this, do this. But I just want to start that process today.
Asia Usmani: Got it.
Christopher Hume: We'll do it. Like the comments is. I won't. I won't throw you to the wolves.
Asia Usmani: Okay.
Christopher Hume: Okay. Oh, This is docusigned. When we share baa with. With people, you just go, I copy one that I've already sent. So go. Brittany of the aa. I'm going to copy it. The recipients. Set your email a Usmani.
Asia Usmani: Nope, just Asia.
Christopher Hume: We'll get rid of this person. And so.
Asia Usmani: So I just send this to whoever needs it.
Christopher Hume: Yep. And so all you really have to do is make sure that the name of the name and email of the person.
Asia Usmani: It's correct.
Christopher Hume: It's correct. Then it should automatically go. Nate should be pre already in here.
Asia Usmani: Okay. Only Nate will be added.
Christopher Hume: Yep. Only Nate. And then, you know, you make sure. Okay. You need to make sure it says, hi, Asia.
Asia Usmani: If any questions, message will be there.
Christopher Hume: Yep. You'll just need to change the.
Asia Usmani: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Christopher Hume: You'll just need to change the first name. And you go, next. Oh, I missed something out. Next. Okay, perfect. So you can see we're sending this to Asia. So all the blue stuff is stuff pretending you're a clinic owner, you would have to fill out. It's already done for you. You don't need to change anything. But just if you want to check, you can see there's date signed, there's company name, And you just go to the bottom and make sure. Okay. So then you put your name, your telephone number, and your email. No, you. You don't have to. The.
Christopher Hume: The clinic owner does. The clinic owner.
Asia Usmani: Okay. Okay, just make sure all these. These will be there, but make sure all these are added for the.
Asia Usmani: They should start adding the sign. Or added. But it should be added. But just double check.
Christopher Hume: Yep, it should all be there. And then green is Nate, blue is the other person, and then you just press send.
Asia Usmani: Okay. Yeah, I've seen, like, docu since, like, I do it, so it's just. It's just I'm sending this to that person.
Christopher Hume: Who do you do it for?
Asia Usmani: Nate.
Christopher Hume: Oh, so do you have access to his account?
Asia Usmani: Yeah.
Christopher Hume: Oh, okay, perfect.
Asia Usmani: Well, account is it? But I have access to DocuSign. He added me.
Christopher Hume: Oh.
Asia Usmani: Then I have to do DocuSign. So I just create that for him.
Christopher Hume: Could you log into DocuSign and let's see if we can get you this. All this stuff.
Asia Usmani: Now let me. Let me check my DocuSign and see.
Christopher Hume: I should have asked.
Asia Usmani: Yeah, it's my name. And yeah, he just added me. Because when I go there, it says. It says Nate's. Welcome back, Nathan.
Christopher Hume: Oh, so can you share your screen?
Asia Usmani: Yes. Oh, wait, let me bring it down. The DocuSign. Okay. Do you see it?
Christopher Hume: Yeah.
Asia Usmani: Since all it's my stuff, I don't see anything else. It's like I just go here and, like, upload the. Like, I create the DocuSign. Like, send an envelope and upload that stuff. Yeah, like, these are all my uploads.
Christopher Hume: Okay, got it. So let me see if I can just turn mine into a template and share it with you, and then if not, I'll just send you the PDF and you'll just have to create the template on your account. Then we should be good to go.
Asia Usmani: Okay.
Christopher Hume: Okay, cool. So I see the next time I get a request for a baa, we'll just jump on the line and we'll walk through it together, and then you should be good to go.
Asia Usmani: Sounds good. That's it.
Christopher Hume: Thanks. All for me.
Asia Usmani: Okay, sounds good. You're gonna. You send me one already? So I. I can just save that.
Christopher Hume: Let me. I didn't.
Asia Usmani: Because.
Christopher Hume: Do you want. Let me see what.
Asia Usmani: Just save the file for, like, myself or. Because, like, I got, like, I got everything, so I can just.
Christopher Hume: Oh, that's a. That's a great point. Yeah. Let me just send you. I didn't actually send that one we were working on, but I'll do it right now.
Asia Usmani: Like, if you can just send me the document, I can just use that. Use a template and have it there.
Christopher Hume: Yeah, you do that. Here you go. Just sent to you, Asia. And I will also. You need anything else for me, Asia?
Asia Usmani: Nope. Thank you.
Christopher Hume: Okay, cool. Bye.