Nathan Peereboom: Alrighty. So I think Becca is going to join. What's the purpose of this meeting? Actually, I'll wait for Becca. Marcus. Where did we end? On the last one. I'm sorry. I had to leap off.
Marcus Irven: Beck and I are going to figure out. How to slot it in Who?
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, awesome. Hey, becca. Hey. Hey. All right, guys, what's the goal of this meeting? I want us to. So Marcus is working on AI editor, template builder. Becca, you did a really nice prototype. I did a prototype? I basically want us both to show the prototypes. And then, Marcus, I would like you to t shirt size them and think about what components you could cut or you would need to cut in order for this to be. Easy, but still a big step function up. There's, like, a larger question around, like, do we want to redo the template builder? I'm not convinced it's a constraint, but also, I don't know how. It's all just like an effort versus value thing. And we know that we want people to be able to customize, and we know that some of the issues we have with note quality regression is actually template quality regression. And it's also a good opportunity for us to flex. Revenue focus in a more concrete way. So, Becca, why don't you share your screen?
Becca Bressler: What does that mean? A way to flex our revenue focus in a more concrete way, like as it relates to the template builder.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, because revenue. Everything should be tied to CPT codes and billing. We want everyone to think in the same mental model, which is, when I see a patient, what's actually happening as a CPT code or an H code. And when I write my template, the template is such that my note is going to defend that code. When the note is written, I'm checking, the note actually supports that code. And when I bill, it's that code. That whole thing is that's the beauty, that's the engine, that's the golden thread that runs through the whole software. CPT codes.
Becca Bressler: No, I understand that. That wasn't. Okay, never mind.
Nathan Peereboom: Oh, sorry. So. But the flex is like, hey. You know how we are auditing your notes? Well, actually, we should be auditing your templates because the template is the same in that direction from.
Becca Bressler: Yeah, right. Okay. That's. That was my question. Yeah, I can pull it up. I have a thousand tabs, so, like, any second, okay? Yeah. I mean, this was sort of like I wasn't thinking about T shirt sizing as I was kind of playing around with this. I know that some of the issues with section customization or the challenges comes from the fact that now we don't have modules in the way that we did before, where there's like specific prompts per section, but it's running through the whole note, which is what I think makes sharing.
Marcus Irven: There are some prompts per section, it's just that they're not shared between templates.
Becca Bressler: All right, well, great. Okay, so I will just click around. We want a new template. This is not the most beautiful way it could look, but three things. Start from scratch, help me build one. Upload existing template. We know what this does. Start from scratch, takes you here. And you could, you know, start putting it together based on a library of sections. You could start from scratch this way. And also use this AI template assistant to describe what you need and what you want and add sections, et cetera. One of the changes which I actually think is very. Would be very valuable. And we've talked about this is letting people dictate what they want. People just really, I think, struggle to know what. How to prompt their template, how to describe it. But if it's like, just, like, word vomit at us or whatever, you know, I think that that would be, like, a real step forward, so. This is sort of one way and then help me build one, which kind of walks you through a series of guided questions to help you get the template that you want. This I don't think works the generate template piece, but yeah, there's just kind of another path that's a little bit more friendly to help people, like, navigate. Like, okay, how do I get started? Which direction you want to go in? And then a couple other things about this, like, template prototype. Right? So we have like the. My template and we have the organizational templates. Managing organizational templates. Sometimes we hear or clinical admins ask us.
Becca Bressler: If they can, like, assign it to only some of their they don't want the entire organization to have. Like, if they have therapists and prescribers, for instance, it's like, oh, I want my therapist to have this template, I want my prescribers to have the template, etc. So the thinking here was that, you know, you could have control over which of your clinicians are actually have access to a template or are using it also where you could, you know, set permissions, etc. I should save changes. So, yeah, so that's a little bit about organizational templates. And then there is the. Current templates, right? So there's, like, bringing in share templates, which is something that we got rid of. I like. I like copies and stuff from Nate here. Nate probably looks a little familiar to you.
Nathan Peereboom: Hey, I almost called you out in Slack, and then I was like, no, no, you're right. Copying is the best flattery. I'll take it.
Becca Bressler: Oh, always own it.
Nathan Peereboom: I will always take it.
Becca Bressler: I do not take credit for things that are not mine. So, okay, so then we let's, like, walk through a template. So there's, like, compliant one to review, one to review, which is flagging specific sections within the template. That might point to some compliance issues for, like, a particular billing code, so. For instance, like one to review. Here's a thing that says like adding medication reconciliation strengthens billing support for this. Like add it or dismiss. You can dismiss it. It will no longer be like a flag for you. But, I mean, this was like, a challenge I had as I was working through this. Of like, how to display this because it's not, like, technically compliant just because you dismissed it. But anyways, something we don't need to really get into now. But yeah, the idea being it would flag compliance issues at the section level to and give you suggestions for how to improve it.
Marcus Irven: To be compliant.
Becca Bressler: Sorry, what was that?
Marcus Irven: What does it mean for a section to be compliant?
Becca Bressler: Well, it's more so. That's a really good question, actually. And it's really like the notes needing to be compliant. I think there are certain things, though, where, like, here, let me, like, refresh it.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Like, this is like job audit, right? It's like jaw audit approved, basically. Got it.
Marcus Irven: But that's not something we do today, right? Or is it?
Jackson Bierfeldt: It's not something we do today.
Marcus Irven: No. Yeah.
Jackson Bierfeldt: I think this is, like, the main idea that was innate, as well as, like, moving some of that into the template.
Marcus Irven: Yeah.
Becca Bressler: And I don't know this obviously like more advanced and once we have like more data that we're paying attention to. But recommending sections to be added to certain templates may be that aren't there if users are, you know, be interested in it and then so. Right, so we have the AI template assistant. My thinking here was. So our users. I've had a lot of conversations where people are really hesitant to use some of these tools because they're kind of afraid of not being able to go backwards or, or what it's going to do, or they want the ability to kind of, like, review it before they accept it. I don't think everyone feels that way. If you have trust in the program, you probably don't want to take that extra step. But I've certainly experienced people who are, like, really, really hesitant, so wanting to, like, show, like, diffs to people before they, like, accept changes. So this is kind of maybe an example of how it would look if it's, like, a smaller change, right. In a way that doesn't, like, make this entire sidebar, you know, because sometimes we're changing sections where there's a ton of text, right? And, like, this would be incredibly chaotic, but then the idea here being like, oh, this is a significant change to your assessment and plan. I've drafted the update review before I apply it and then it would open a modal that would show you the diffs and you could like keep current apply changes.
Jackson Bierfeldt: I really like that idea of. Yeah. If it's, like, a longer thing, you click into it, that's great.
Becca Bressler: Okay. Also share at the template level. Like, once you're inside a template, History version. History. This is a thing we know people, like, hear about of wanting to, like, go back. This doesn't click into anything view difference, but something. I know there's a question around, like. Yeah. Not wanting to show people the prompt, of course, but, like, giving some way for people to understand, like, what they're. Anyways, that's actually kind of beside this point.
Jackson Bierfeldt: So, on that, can you click history again?
Becca Bressler: Yeah.
Jackson Bierfeldt: So those little things added safety screening, chief complaint. That's just like a five word AI summary of, like, what happened. Yeah. Great. I love that.
Becca Bressler: And let's do, like, view it so you could, you know, the thing you approved and, like, restore it, et cetera. Also, this was so much fun. Can I just say, Nate? Killer tool like I. Yeah, I was having a great time anyways, so diving back in. This is something that people are constantly like. Say Paul instead a patient. Say Kathy instead of patient. The whole note, like, it's just. Anyway, so that was kind of my thinking behind this, like, little touch, so as to not, like, crowd the actual note page. And really, it feels like people need to be made aware that this is something that they can actually, like, configure. Because I think it might be. But then this other stuff that I have is just kind of, like, fancy, you know, so which is like. You know, having some more controls over like, format, over like level of detail and like even just the nature of the things that you can customize within a section. So like chief complaint, include patient quotes, add a custom. Like, again, I have literally no idea. I'm sure this is not easy, but anyways, I was just playing around with this. Yeah. Just what are some, like, common things people want to do that maybe they don't want to type all the time. Right. And we know, like, bullets and narrative, like, kind of obvious this or that for people or, like, level of, like, brevity. Like, people are like, oh, I want it to. Be more. Like, I want more detail. No, I want less detail. And it's like, you know, what if there's some sort of meter that. That people can adjust and then needing to, like, sorry, just on.
Jackson Bierfeldt: On this. Like, we've fought about this for years, like, whether or not we should do, you know those. Kinds of sliders versus making it free form. And I'm so convinced at this point, after just like, watching the 80% of people have, like, three things that they want to change, that we should absolutely do something like this, and it should just drive the underlying prompt. Right? Like, it can still be free form. You can go to the chat and ask it to do whatever, and then it just, like, updates the. The UI component. But I do think that, like, most people just want to be like, yeah, make it shorter.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah, they're like, oh, I want this to be bullets. Or I, like, want this to be, like, numbers. You know, just giving them that little thing might be. Might be exactly what they want, as long as it can also be controlled by the AI.
Becca Bressler: Totally. Yeah. And, like, again, you know, extra cherry on top. But, like, patient quotes is another thing, right? It's like some people really want them in certain sections, some people don't. Like, there are just some classic things that we see. Yeah, like you can. You know, just like smart toggles. Drag up a toggle to the top of the template. Drag a potent in there. Drag over Tumblr. It's like trying to compete with that means. Can you say it, Nate?
Jackson Bierfeldt: I can't parse what that means.
Nathan Peereboom: Just the idea that, like, it'd be really cool if we could grab a toggle. Yank it up to the top of the template, put it next to that thing that right now just says, use patients quotes or put newspaper name in all sections. And so you start getting these, like, rules that drive, like, the template writ large.
Becca Bressler: Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: Can get overridden by the section level toggles, but, like, I think a lot of what people want is just transparency over, like, what's being applied to the section, what's being applied to the template, what's being applied to everything.
Jackson Bierfeldt: I don't know how I feel about the specific dragging thing, but that is what I'm just going to pile on. Because this is the thing I wanted to bring up is, like, what's missing? And I think, Nate, this was missing a little bit from yours, too, is like, what applies to the entire template versus the section thing. Because in our new note processing v2, we do finally have that. There's like a prompt that affects the whole template, and then each section has their own prompt, so we have that control.
Becca Bressler: Cool.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah.
Becca Bressler: And, like, if you try and, like, leave, it won't let you. Like, I think that's, like, a thing people struggle with, right? Is like, saving and just trying to make it, like, clear. Like, okay, you have, like, unsaved things before you can change, etc. Yeah. Oh. Also adding a section. You can, like, pick a section from your templates, so there's, like, kind of like a library of, like, maybe sections that you want to add. But then these are your other templates, so you can pull from. Oh, there's one thing that I was, like, excited about that I want to show you about. So fun. I feel live. Okay, new template. Let's see. What was it? It was start from. Let's say. Sure. Let's try this. I guess I could have done it the other way too. But like add section. It's like search describe for a new one. So it's like new like if it's not found, like create section. And then it just kind of, like, takes you here. Like, I'll create a new section if you quit questions. And so it, like, guides you back to this, like, AI, you know, tool to help, like. Yeah. So you're still, like, going anyways? Yeah, I was. I was, like, excited about that, and I wanted to. Show it. And as Nate pointed out, dormant. So, like, you know, we have people that have, like, what feel like 18 templates, and they don't use 16 of them, but they were just, like, playing around a lot. So some ways of organizing it that make it look a little bit more manageable. I probably miss some. Stuff, but I think I also covered a ton of stuff, so I'm going to stop there.
Nathan Peereboom: Awesome.
Jackson Bierfeldt: This is great. I'm very excited about this. One thing that I think is still an open question. Can you go back to the thing where you brought in a section from one of your other templates? There's like, add a section and it showed you your other ones like this or something? Yeah, I love that. As a way of being like, oh, you have something you like in another template. Bring it over. The one thing that sorry. I'm talking backend now. But it is just like something we have to decide on is do we want to create the expectation that, like if you pull the medication section from your follow up soap, that that is the same one, so that if you edit it in one template, it edits because that was one of the things that I know is I'm just controversial that we removed. But, like, I watched so many people over the years just, like, completely get so frustrated where they're, like, editing it in one template, and then it's making changes in another template, and they're like, no, I want my two templates. To be separate. And then, you know, now that we changed it, we're seeing people who are like, wait, what? Like, I want the sections to be the same in both. And, like, that just is going to be one of the decisions that we have to make here around, like, what is the model we want to go with? And how do we make that clear to people?
Becca Bressler: Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: Oh, man. The echo.
Jackson Bierfeldt: I think my mouse died. I can't.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay? My vote is, Becca, you and I should put our heads together on the design option here. I think it's probably something like when it pops into your template initially, like, it has, like, a little, like, link icon on it. It says linked to, you know, the under, like, some language that implies the linkage. And, like, you can't edit it. Or when you edit it, it says like, hey. All of this section across all, like these other templates, is going to modify too. Are you cool with that? And you can unlink it, but when you unlink it, it's unlinked forever. So there's some UI around that. That I think. I think it's a design thing. I don't think it's an engineering thing.
Becca Bressler: But unlinking it.
Marcus Irven: I don't.
Becca Bressler: Yeah. I don't know what kind of forking that meat. Yeah. Anyways, I think it's transparency for sure. It's like, hey, this is what you're about to do. Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: We just should make that really clear. I think it's just a. As long as people know. The trade offs they're making, they can make their trade offs. Okay, so I'm just looking at time. I think that maybe I'll walk through some of my stuff. And then I would like is again, Marcus, you and Jackson to just, like, point out, like, this is what's, like, easy. This is what's hard. This is what's impossible. And then, Becca, I think the project is you and I smooshing together our designs, because there's stuff that I want to. Lift from yours, there might be something you want to lift from mine. And then the tertiary question is, How do we push this to such a high fidelity? That the engineers aren't spending very much time or they're spending as little time as possible on it. And Marcus and Jackson, you guys just have to coach us on that and keep kicking it back until it's in the right shape for you, okay? All right. Cool. All right, so I saw this at the. Cab meeting. Sorry. It's just been a long day. I won't belabor every point. Basic structure is you have a pallet in the middle. With your different sections. You have templates on your left side, and then you have your conversational bar, or you're doing bar on the right. So we start out with the revenue audit. Every template is being tied to a CPT code and being tracked against what we're saying are the rules for writing a good note for that CPT code.
Nathan Peereboom: Then we have a dynamic AI assistant. We have sharing and we have history.
Jackson Bierfeldt: I'm sorry. Everyone was on the cab, right? Do we need to go over this? Can we just fast forward?
Becca Bressler: Yeah.
Jackson Bierfeldt: We all saw this.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, great.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah. So the main thing that's missing is just the marketplace. Well, can you share it? Again? It's the marketplace. And then the idea of the AI View in the sidebar, you know, like some kind of, like, overview audit as opposed to just the. Can you go to audit? And then close out of that. Yeah, it's like that. Like that, like, overall view, I think wasn't in Becca's and then the marketplace wasn't in there. Is there anything else, like, super material that you.
Marcus Irven: What is the. What's the marketplace? Do you mean by that?
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah.
Marcus Irven: All right? Right, right. Publishing them to get some. Question or just an idea. So on the difference, like, I think can you go to, like, where it shows the version history?
Nathan Peereboom: Yes.
Marcus Irven: What is the did you consider instead of like showing the diff from a summary, just like showing. The prompt as a summary. Not just showing the prompt, but like an overview. Does that make sense?
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. I like the way that. No, I didn't. This is something I didn't really engineer. My understanding was that Jackson really doesn't want us to show prompts,
Marcus Irven: but I think you can show a summary of the prompt. Like, I think it's different than,
Jackson Bierfeldt: like, we definitely want to show. I have the thing that, like, the whole, like, green, red. Here's what changed. Completely doesn't work for our customers. Like, the whole, like, oh, here's what it was before, and here's what it is now. No one cares at all. They just want to kind of read, like, a sentence of, like, what was changed. That's kind of why I liked Becca's, like, five word. Here's what was changed. Maybe there needs to be, like, a slightly longer one that's like, here's, you know, five bullet points on what was changed, if you really care. But I definitely think that, like, the diff viewing just is not a thing for anyone but engineering.
Marcus Irven: I think I would want to see, like, at least for the current template, like, just an overview of, like, a summary of what the template does. For the set list sections. Do you know, like. Some summarized version of the prompt. I agree with not showing them the actual prompt.
Jackson Bierfeldt: I think they don't want to see the prompt as much as they want to be able to see, like, what the section looks like, like the example output.
Jackson Bierfeldt: I think for most people, that's what they want to see. And actually, Becca, I can't remember. Was. Was that in yours? Did you have something that showed? Example. Of it.
Nathan Peereboom: Becca had a beautiful diff on hers because she's sorry.
Jackson Bierfeldt: The history aside, just like if you came in, if you've never edited it before.
Nathan Peereboom: And it modifies when you move the bar.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Oh, yes, that's what it's. That's great.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, I really like that interface. Marcus, I think. My understanding is that people know exactly what these sections are by the title. They're so familiar. That they don't need the prompt. Except the thing is you don't see in an example is content sensitivity. You only see formatting and styling. And it might be smart to add content included or something like that as a section.
Marcus Irven: I guess that's what I was thinking. Like, I think of some of the times when you get some really weird stuff in the prompt, like some way to surface that when you have people's names get in there sometimes, and it's always like, we always use a Sue. If there's a way that we can see. I don't know. Maybe that just confuses things.
Jackson Bierfeldt: No.
Jackson Bierfeldt: I think the way to solve this. And again, this is like Backend Brain, but there should always be the prompt, and then there should be metadata about the prompt, content sensitivity, exclusions. Just like little things that AI writes, anytime that it updates the prompt, it also updates the prompt metadata. And the prompt metadata is like what it shows Becca's version. It would be like the length of it. It would be the format of it. Exclusions must always say notes, like little things we could then display underneath the example. To your point, Because I do think that's a good idea, having something that's just more than the example. Definitely on the history. I'm anti, like, diff showing just to wrap that up.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, I think we're all against diff showing unless it's a diff of examples.
Nathan Peereboom: I think the diff of examples is even diff of example.
Jackson Bierfeldt: I really don't think people care about diffs. Like, I don't think they really. Maybe in Becca's thing where it was like in the literal moment where you asked. For it. It shows something. But even then, I think people just want to see the new example and know what was changed.
Jackson Bierfeldt: But we can kind of.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah, but other things on this. It's just the three column thing doesn't work on most people's screens. I mean, maybe we could have it if they have a super wide monitor. Where we show them the third thing. But the way back, I had it where it's like, you do kind of have to pick the template you're working in, and then you go into it, and then that gives the sidebar, like, a more meaty room, because the sidebar should be able to be kind of big, especially for people on smaller screens, because that's going to be where we kind of want them interacting with it. So I think that's clear. We got to find a way to get the marketplace in. If we do that, I think we should. I think that could be a really powerful sharing tool or. Sorry. Like referring to. So I'm going to push for the marketplace, but that's all going to have to come into when we scope this. And then the audit screen the overview. I think we have to have some kind of sense of that. I don't know if this big sidebar with the big chunky things in all the text is it, and I don't think numbers are it. Like having the 88, 71, 94. I think people just want to know. Green, red. It's kind of just like, is it good, is it not? I think even the warning state, this is just like my learnings from job audit. No one cares about a yellow thing. They're just like, I'm so busy. It's either green or it's red. And, like, get out of my way. And I think we do definitely want to put this in there. But it's really more of a question of is the whole template green, or is the whole template got something for you to look at? And then for every section, it's like, is it green? Or, like, does it have something for you to look at? I think so. I think Becca's design handled that quite, quite well there, too. But I think really it just comes down now because we can have, like, little design quibbles and everything. I think the Snyder here nor there, both of these are definitely converging on the right direction of what we would ideally like here. The main question is just like, how do we find the time to build this?
Nathan Peereboom: And what do we want to build? Because. For example, with the marketplace. I have no idea. But maybe there's a difference between a situation where you're simply publishing like a template. Versus1 where you also are allowing people to share individual modules. Though I do think that modules are going to be important.
Jackson Bierfeldt: My preference there is, like, the module thing. It's really complicated. If we do the module, even the syncing thing, it, like, gums up the complexity of every single thing. It comes up the marketplace. It comes off sharing. It comes. So that's why it's like, a lot tired. Just have, like, template and. The template has all its prompts in it and, like, Becca's thing of, like, hey, if you want to, you know, copy a section from another template, that's great. You know, that's easy to do. And then we can just tell them. If we're okay with that, then I think that sharing the marketplace and a lot of these edits are, like, actually not that hard. We even have. I mean, the marketplace thing is basically already plumbed. As far. We did that with, like, the Forms system. You know, where it tracks, how often you're using it and who's using what, and you know, where it came from. Obviously, we'd have to extend it a little bit, but I don't think it's, like an insane build if we're comfortable with treating templates as, like, standalone buckets of prompts that, like, don't really, you know, have spindles that go out and touch it, touch other things. But that's, like, the major, major decision, I think, that needs to be made in terms of, like, scoping how the the data needs to evolve.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Then adding the audit capability to it. That'll be a significant build. Just in terms of prompting, because right now, when we, you know, prompt, when we do jaw audit on notes, we have, like, actual note content and there's all the contacts and we can look at the transcript and, like, we just have to find a way to simulate that a bit more in this environment. And I anticipate that as we go into that process, we'll find that that's, like, a little bit tricky. Again. I think we can do it. It's just that's going to require a little bit of work. And then making the AI. Feature better. I think it also work. So I think those are kind of like the three main buckets of what I anticipate being like. You know, the huge chunks, and then everything else is a little.
Marcus Irven: Also. Also the metadata thing, right? The short, medium, long. That's significant.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah, sorry, you're right. That. That's significant. I'm deciding on the shape of that. I don't think it's a hard thing for us to actually, like, enable, but you're right, like, deciding on what that data shape looks like for sure.
Marcus Irven: And we got to, like, do we go back? To the old templates and, like, you know, pre populate it for every template. How does that work?
Jackson Bierfeldt: Oh, yeah. Migration story is a big one here. I don't think we're going to solve all of that right now. So I think on. On this meeting. Should we just decide on, like, what the next steps are, who's responsible, what the timeline is? Responsible for, like, doing the next. The next turn, not, like, going and building this right now. Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: I think that we have to take what you guys have given us and combine our two designs so we don't have two prototypes building at the same. Time, right?
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: Is there anything that. Okay, so that's one thing. Second thing, though, is. How high fidelity do you guys want this? Like, what is the place where. What is the stuff that we should do to make this like a really. It's that shift left question. How do we shift this as left as possible?
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah, I would say that design wise, it's, like, not that much. More, like, in terms of, like, pixels and shape and everything. Like, I really liked Beccas. I think we just have to add a couple more screens and, like, you know, like the marketplace and kind of figure out where some of that goes. But really, the design here is all about the actual content. Like, if you could make it so that these are loading in real JSON representations of, like, what the data actually needs to look like and how it needs to transform. And you play with that, and you're like, here's a really long template, and here's an intake template, and here's a psychotherapy. Template and like, really dial in the actual details of the prompts, the shape they need to be in. Figure out what data that what shape that data needs to be in in order to power the ui. Like, the more that you can make it less like, hey, this is just hard coded example, and more like, you know, in my AI harness, I have a folder called Data, and inside of there is 15 actual JSON files. Like, if we have that, and you're like, yeah, and like, six of them have this and three of them have this. And here's the variability having that data decided upon both in terms of the shape and the like quality of it. And then a rough idea of, like, what the AI is responsible for writing and what, like, deterministic sliders are responsible for writing. Like, for instance, you know, right now one of the decisions is like, does that slider right over what, like, where does it write that data to? How does the slider affect it? How does the AI affect it? You know, who wins. You know, that kind of stuff. Like, if you can mock all of that data interaction together here, then that definitely helps on the. On the engineering side.
Nathan Peereboom: And the schemas that we would be like trying to write towards. Is that all in companion app.
Jackson Bierfeldt: No. I think you have to make the schemas for most of this.
Nathan Peereboom: But, like, the JSON stuff for, like, the template, like, you know, model, a really long template.
Jackson Bierfeldt: No, I think you just make a folder called Data and then you have template 1 JSON, and it's like you can start with, like, what we're actually receiving now as you're. As your baseline, but you're going to have to extend it. You know, in order to work with this ui. Okay, cool. But yeah, that's the right way to think about it. Like, if you're just mocking, like, OK, the server gave me these 12 JSON blobs and they can power this whole thing. And then when I make this edit, here's the change that has to happen to the JSON blob. We can kind of back solve from there into like, ok, what is the real data model need to be? What are the endpoints? That's the first step. Like, there's a second step where you could, like, really break it down into every single, like, interaction endpoint. But, you know, let's just start with that. Like, the schema, like, the data blobs. If you build those for real, And actually, like, do the thinking work. Put your clinician hat on and be like, does this make sense? Like, now that I've made 10 versions of these, am I starting to see the edge cases? Like, that will also help too, so that as we're running into actually building the thing, we don't, like, get like a late, like, oh, shit. Actually, for therapists, they need a totally different thing and, like, you know, then we have to do on the fly changes.
Becca Bressler: Okay, cool.
Nathan Peereboom: So let's do this. I want to update my prototype with all the requested changes, Send out a new version. Becca, I think you should do the exact same. And then at that point, I think, Becca, if you're. If you're open to it, I think I might just leave. This in your hands to do the combo. And run down what Jackson's describing here. I'm also happy to be like, pretty involved, but I feel like. I feel like we've got to a place where we're ready for someone who understands the engineering side more to, like, take it.
Nathan Peereboom: And I've got plenty of other stuff that I have to.
Jackson Bierfeldt: I have a question, like, why would you update both of your prototypes? Shouldn't we just kind of, like, move into one at this point, or do you think that there's, like, still something to be explored on. On both versions here? Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. I want to update mine with, like, a bunch of the stuff that I liked from Becca's and some of for example. I didn't know that we don't didn't want three panels.
Jackson Bierfeldt: And so I want to, like, I. I. Sorry. Just to save time. Like, I think Becca's is, like, way closer to what we have now. It's the right shape. It looked better.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Can you just. I mean, even if you both just take hers and, like, fork it, And, like, do different modifications to just get two versions. I think I would prefer that than have to, like, in my own mind, like, translate, like, ok, this one to that, that one. You do whatever you want. I'm just saying that would be my. My preference.
Nathan Peereboom: I'm going to spend 15 minutes touching mine up before. Giving it to Becca. And then I'm going to be like, becca, use yours as the base. Pull whatever you want from mine.
Becca Bressler: Okay. I mean, but just to say it back, it seems like the thing people thought was missing from mine is, like, this marketplace idea.
Becca Bressler: Otherwise, people seem pretty happy with it.
Jackson Bierfeldt: So marketplace and overview of the audit, like, right now, yours just shows the individuals, and that's actually missing from both of yours is like, actually like, hey, what's the difference between the stuff that affects the whole template and the stuff that affects just the sections? I think there needs to be some kind of a view on that. I want the whole template. To be in spanish. Or, you know, I want template to never be more than five words in the every side. Those are stupid examples, but you know what I mean, like totally.
Becca Bressler: That's what you meant by full note. Audit. Not like job audit type stuff, but that kind of thing.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Those are two separate things, but like kind of in the same camp.
Becca Bressler: Oh. Full note. Okay. Got it.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Nate has that sidebar that is, like, hey, your entire template is not good. It, like, needs work.
Becca Bressler: Yeah. Yeah.
Jackson Bierfeldt: You know, and yours is. Doesn't. At least I didn't notice that.
Becca Bressler: No. Okay, got it. Also, as far as the, like, next steps, what are we doing, etc. I think Marcus and I should, like, talk. We should, like, kind of T shirt size, the different parts of it. I also think that, you know, we have a two by two coming up. I don't believe that, like, this is like, the biggest constraint right now. It is something that I, like, want us to do. So I, instead of just making a quick decision here to, like, throw someone on it next Monday, like, I feel like we could use a second to just step back and think about that.
Jackson Bierfeldt: I agree. This is in design phase for a little while. Like, I don't think we're going to, like, try to build this next week. I don't even think it's going to be, like, the week after that. But, like, hopefully we're, like, getting everything prepped so that then when we do, we're like, we can go fast. Yeah, sorry. That's totally your decision, but that's, like, my background expectation. Okay.
Becca Bressler: Super helpful, and I love that. Yeah, Cool. I understand next steps, and I'm excited to put this into chat GPT and help me understand all these JSON files. No, not chat GPT. Cloud code.
Jackson Bierfeldt: I got really scared for a second. I was like, February. Becca and Nate, if you guys have questions on what I mean by this, like, JSON file that actually loads into the thing. Thing. Marcus and I can give you examples of what we mean by that, but I think you'll be able to figure it out with cloud code. But if you are stuck, let us know. We can, like, show you what we're talking about.
Becca Bressler: Okay?
Nathan Peereboom: Becca, can I just say one thing that I would like, and I'm curious what folks feel about this with. With back because one of the principles I think that we should have in the software is we should have fewer screens and dropdowns and like, hidden panels when possible. So, like, for example, you know how when you click into a section, there's, like, this gear that opens up all, like, the stuff below? I'd rather not have that gear. And whenever you click into a section, you just see all the stuff immediately.
Becca Bressler: Yeah. It does make sense. What I'll say, Nate, is my reaction to what you put out there, which is a version of showing everything at once. Really is tough for discoverability. It creates cognitive overwhelm so that people don't even, like, they don't get curious. They don't look at all of the features. Like, I actually, I don't, I don't know what the middle ground here is, but I think showing everything is, is just. Kind of like way too much. I mean, we can do.
Nathan Peereboom: Well, not at once. Not at once. But, like, each section is, like, kind of accordioned. But when you click into a section, I think we want to see everything. You didn't have to click four times to change something about a section.
Becca Bressler: Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: I also think that we should make it. Such that when you click into a section, the. I mean, you kind of see this with mine. Like.
Nathan Peereboom: This is one of the things that I think people find challenging about the current, like note editor. Like, it's not really clear what this is. Like, the right panel is or the AI editor is modifying. And I think it's helpful to be like, okay, when I'm here. I'm just modifying this section. I'm not modifying the whole template. And if I want to modify the whole template, like, I have to click out to do that.
Becca Bressler: That's interesting.
Nathan Peereboom: Because people, I think, just want. It's like a lot of what we're doing here is just allowing them to really cleanly understand what is actually being changed when they change something, which I think yours does really well, like at the higher level. You know where. You know, like. Like here. It's really cool. Like, I love this, like, the idea of having template level customization at the top. And then module level customization down here. I think we also want to do that with the most ambiguous part of the software, which is the AI editor.
Becca Bressler: Yeah. That makes sense.
Nathan Peereboom: Awesome. Okay, cool. All right, great.
Becca Bressler: So I'm.
Nathan Peereboom: Going to. Yeah, I agree, though. Becca, let's, like, take a step back here. Let's just sit in the design space for a little while and see what people think.
Marcus Irven: Cool. Stuff.
Nathan Peereboom: Great. Thank you, everyone.