Christopher Hume: I'm in our new office. Nice.
Emily Kaiser: That's exciting.
Christopher Hume: No, it's my first time.
Emily Kaiser: Okay, cool. Nice.
Christopher Hume: So what is going on? I know we chatted yesterday, so probably not too much, but what can I help you with? How is kind of the whole new process going? And I guess most importantly, how is burning through those numbers doing the jot no sales going?
Emily Kaiser: For the jot start? Of course, I know. I'm like, am I on the right page?
Emily Kaiser: No, you are going well. I haven't been able to call any of the jot start people today.
Emily Kaiser: That's on next on my list here. I am. They asked me to run this meeting at 1. So that is kind of what I'm doing next. But right now I'm looking at. This jot build pipeline guide that Nate sent over. Just giving him any feedback, basically, is what he wanted on what I think about all this, just making sure we're on the same page. And then had a couple meetings this morning, did some onboarding with Adam and Jackson. So I don't know. I'm just kind of trying to prioritize here and organize.
Christopher Hume: Yeah, I know you're gonna get on drag in a thousand directions.
Emily Kaiser: Which is okay. I want to make sure that I'm kind of cutting all bases because I don't want anything to kind of get swept under the rug.
Christopher Hume: No, certainly understand that. Let me just see where this. Woman is coming from. Rachel, how do you know, like, where we sourced her?
Emily Kaiser: No, I'm not sure. Actually, I would imagine Jack because it looks like he's on the invite, so I'd imagine he set this up.
Christopher Hume: Yeah, it looks like. All right, cool. Looks like she might be a cold lead. So that's awesome. All right, so cool. That'll be a great experience for you to get to run the show there. I don't have. Yeah, I would say, like, obviously you have to attend all the meetings that Nate is putting. Well, you have to attend all the meetings that Nate is explicit like, I need you attend. And I think so. Those are all first priority and then second priority is just the jot. No calling.
Emily Kaiser: Okay. Okay. That was really my main question for you is, like, focusing on what I should be prioritizing. So that's good to know. So, yeah, in these next couple days, because I saw Nate's message also about wanting feedback on jot RX. So just.
Christopher Hume: I've got the chat RX thing. Let you focus on jot no. I'll see, like, what our metrics are on jot RX, and we can go from there, but don't try and sell any. Well, I mean, obviously, if you get an opportunity, you can always sell it. But, yeah, the focus is, sorry, chats. Chat start. Jesus, the focus is whatever you're selling on those two new lists. Focus on that. We can worry about JRX after I did the analysis.
Emily Kaiser: Okay. And then. Oh, I have not followed bath up with Richard yet. I need to do that, but I wanted to.
Christopher Hume: I owe you a thumbs up, so I'll get you that by end of day today.
Emily Kaiser: Oh, okay.
Christopher Hume: Like a follow up for him. No, I just want to review those Excel spreadsheets before we send them out the door.
Emily Kaiser: Okay, so I'll wait for you to send me that, and then I'll follow up with him.
Christopher Hume: Okay. Yep.
Emily Kaiser: So that's. Okay. No worries. And then I guess my only other question I'll probably just ask Nate because it's about this playbook. I just basically defines my roles in it, and I am just like, it says three jobs as far as, like, introduction, text, job to the nudge cycle. Job three warm-up for upsell. What I want to make sure I'm on the right page, because to my understanding, it's kind of like the more I based off of, like, the comp structure that we were talking about, the more I own the sales cycle. That's kind of how I get paid.
Christopher Hume: So I want to make sure which one is it.
Emily Kaiser: You know what I mean?
Christopher Hume: Could you send me that? When did you send that link?
Emily Kaiser: This morning?
Emily Kaiser: And he told me it wasn't done and take it with a grain of salt, but I, again, on the same page moving through these days. Let me send this to you. Thanks.
Christopher Hume: I'll review. Yeah. The goal is just as much. Let me see. Regardless of what the doc says, it's. We want to get. To as many. As much as many sales as possible. Okay. So, yeah, I would definitely just check. Oh, my God. There's a password.
Emily Kaiser: Oh, yeah, I think it's just jot file. Of course. No. I just wanted to be sure because it says in here directly that I'm not pitching. So i'm just like, am I doing the right thing here?
Christopher Hume: Okay.
Emily Kaiser: I can also follow up with him on this. So what i'm looking at is where it says emily's roles.
Christopher Hume: Yeah.
Emily Kaiser: Do you see what I mean? Because that's very much, like, not being hands-on in the sales cycle. Where it's like what i'm hearing from you guys. It sounds like you want me to be very hands on in the sales cycle, so I just want to be clear on what my roles really are.
Christopher Hume: Yeah, this is a little confusing. Yeah. Do you have a meeting with. Let me just. I'm gonna grab him this afternoon. Yeah, i'll grab him and just talk through this, but I would also flag it from yourself, but i'll make sure he looks your response.
Emily Kaiser: Yes. Okay. He was asking for feedback, so i'll give him the same feedback. That's pretty much my only thing in here that is, like, a little confusing. But.
Christopher Hume: Yeah, that's fair. That's fair.
Emily Kaiser: So I think other than that, though, and then other than richard.
Christopher Hume: I think i'm good to go.
Emily Kaiser: Like, he not only information, but he needs it right this second. He needs it now.
Christopher Hume: Yeah. So. But then if you like convict for him and then, like, talk to him in two weeks, he, like, it's completely fine. Yeah. We have some customers who just, like, want a lot out of us. And, like, my methodology. Like, be good or bad is just. Like, give them as little as we can to keep them engaged and paying without just, like, completely reworking our business. Around one customer. I think, of course, you have to have a little bit of a different perspective because you're directly compensated. If you get that one customer to give you one more seat, so. But I would just, again, like respect old good customer service, all that stuff, but, like, don't let him take over your life. Right, exactly. He will. I like. I'm not sure if. Have you ever met a lita?
Emily Kaiser: No.
Christopher Hume: Oh, my God. She's a real trouble customer. She's great. We like her, but she sent me three emails this morning and a text last night, and I'm like. A lot of you. Maybe if you were, like, 100 clinicians, you would get me to respond to all these immediately, but you're seven. So, like, we need you. We love you, but, like, we are an eight person team or whatever.
Emily Kaiser: Right, exactly. So.
Christopher Hume: Okay. Cool. If you need anything else, let me know. I'm gonna see if I can grab Nate now. He was in a meeting, but hopefully he's out and just be like, hey, just flagging this. I'm losing give you more detailed feedback. And now make sure he's kind of tracking.
Emily Kaiser: Okay, sounds good. I'll send that feedback to him also.
Christopher Hume: Okay. Let me know if you think.
Emily Kaiser: Thanks.
Christopher Hume: Bye.