Nathan Peereboom: Nice. How's your Tuesday kicking off anything interesting going on in your day?
louisa: I just got some really good fried rice it's a really good wine.
Nathan Peereboom: That's always that's always a great great thing to have as a part of your Tuesday then you I don't think we've met before right no okay can you just give me a little background how do you fit into Visio is it Visio yeah how do you fit into Visio.
louisa: So I'm one of the two nurse practitioners here I am the one that is here in the Fort Worth office every day. So yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: Awesome okay great so you're a nurse practitioner you're one of a very small team of them there do you use an AI scribe right now is that part of your world?
louisa: No you know I have some trauma linked to AI scribe oh really tell me do I tried something else I think it was called like MD Hub or something a previous job where my. Patient load was like 14 people a day so 14 is like a good day. So I kind of like was drowning in notes and I tried the AI and I felt like it would pick up everything and then the way. It would bring it up I felt like it I would need to still reread it in order to take things out in order to I guess use my clinical judgment in what I think is kind of going on like if someone talks about maybe like eating it might pick up and think it's an eating disorder when I don't feel like it's to that level yet. So I feel like it worked harder.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah that makes total sense accuracy is really important and I will say when's the last time you tried MD hub?
louisa: Over a year ago?
Nathan Peereboom: Okay yeah the technology across the board has improved I will say I mean I'm biased I think that we have over indexed on accuracy and customization around the sensitivity of the model and I think what you find is that things like hey a food gets mentioned and all of a sudden it's inferring and eating disorder we have all sorts of guardrails to help you know prevent that from happening so yeah we should totally you know as I walk through jots like we'll talk expressly about those those elements. Paul Cameron welcome nice to meet you.
Nathan Peereboom: Hello hello hello. So Louisa introduced herself gave me a little bit of a lay of her land you guys tell help me understand how do you fit into the division and yeah like do you have any experience with AI scribes?
paul: Yeah I'm Paul Snyder I'm a psychiatrist I'm the medical director at Vigo zero experience with AI scribes
Nathan Peereboom: okay awesome all right sounds good. Cameron?
cameron: Can you hear me good okay Cameron Chober LPCS LMFTS I'm in resident therapist and never never use a scribe getting familiar with chat GPT but never ascribe.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay great well that's exciting I don't know how many other folks were waiting for but what I'll do is I'll just jump in and you know give you some background to myself so my name's Nate I'm the CEO and co-founder of jot psych what is Jod site Jot psych is an AI scribe just for behavioral health. And what our goal is is we want to make it so that you never have to worry about documentation my mom and dad are both clinicians and yeah no I feel the same way Cameron my parents are both clinicians and they just spent an enormous amount of time on charting so we built Jot psych to listen to your encounter take dictations take your notes build the perfect note and then we've also uploaded a bunch of payer rules so that you know that your note has all the elements needed to get reimbursed because that's always the challenge you know you submit a note it gets kicked back in audit happens the revenues in question so we're we have you know basically connected the two worlds of of note taking and billing and and tried to make it great for for you and of course for the folks who run your clinic so. I'm going to any questions on that or you know the premise and the foundation before we we kind of jump into things.
paul: No no.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay awesome so what I'm going to do is I'm going to walk you through how to use jot psych and then we're just going to get everyone set up and I would just say use jot stack as much as you can just enjoy it and and at the end of you know the pilot what we'll do is we'll pull up and we'll you know you'll get to talk to it let me see. Yeah I don't know exactly like who's piloting the the whole project but you'll be able to essentially just surface up to your leadership team hey this is what we feel about Jot Psych this is what you know we would not like to continue and that can be an internal decision that's based on you know what you really feel about the software hey Laura welcome. Nice to meet you. Oh I think you're still muted.
laura: There we go.
Nathan Peereboom: Perfect great.
laura: And I'm sorry i'm going to be in and out for a second but I just wanted to join no that's totally fine.
Nathan Peereboom: All right great so what I'm going to do is I'm going to show everyone how JotSpite works and again the goal of this experience is we want you just to experience the software have a really you know use us as your partners to help you like figure out anything that feels you know like challenging or not clear and then at the end of the pilot program you can talk to, you know to Megan and Carrie and Dr. Schneider about about exactly where you all want to go with it. Okay? All right perfect. Okay, so I'm going to go to Jot psych. I'm going to share my screen and all the data you see it's all it's all mock data don't worry we are very very HIPAA sensitive and I can talk about that if folks have questions but you know the basic structure is really simple you go to record. And you know you select a template. And then you simply click start recording. When you do a recording you can you know you can start it you can stop it you can add dictations you can add notes and when you're done there's a button that'll just say generate the node. When you generate the note you'll get something that looks like this. And what you'll receive as an audit where we tell you hey this is the CPT code that we think your visit is ideal for as well as you know things you might be at risk for in the note based on that CPT code. But you can look through the note you can you know make edits to the note by going to our AI editor and typing in your edits. And then whenever you're ready to copy and paste you can you know you can simply you know copy copy all or you know select multiple sections to copy and as you can see any of these you can click into and you know you can change you know you can change the background or change the actual content of. So any questions on just the basic structure of this I mean I we've designed it to be really simple you walk into the encounter you select a patient you select a template and you build a note it should be you know it's it's as few moving parts as possible does it kind of make sense. Okay great the other thing I'll note is that we have a bunch of tools that you can use so you can send PHQ nine forms and GAD7s you can order labs through jot psych and this is my favorite one you can request any kind of document you'd like so if you wanted like an FMLA. Document please. You can just type that and it will create an FMLA letter based on the content of the patient. So it's great you can save these as templates and it's all based on you know just holding on to the critical context here. All right. So. I would love to hear just any questions folks have and then we'll get started and we'll just get everyone set up with an account how does that sound?
paul: So I have a question does this function as its own electronic medical record or does it integrate with others
Nathan Peereboom: yeah so a lot of clinics use us as their electronic health record we have e-prescription and all those sorts of functionalities your clinic is not using us as an EHR y'all are on Athena I believe so you're going to stay with Athena for now and and that's like a separate decision if if you decide to move over but yes our view is that we are the future of EHRs we're starting out just as an AI scribe but as I mentioned there are a lot of clinics that use this as an electronic health record.
paul: Okay thanks.
cameron: I have a question. Psychotherapy is much less structured than, you know, like a more medical, you know like we're collecting history and, you know, doing it kind of checking boxes, if you will. Like is it do I have to give it extra instruction do I have to kind of feed it some stuff to get it to structure my note? Like a psychotherapy note?
Nathan Peereboom: Great question. Okay so when you go into Jot psych we have a library that includes things like like a therapy specific node or therapy plus med check note and Cameron to your question those are they lean more in terms of they lean more towards the standard therapy style but and this is really really important Jot psych is infinitely customizable so you could start from scratch build your own template we've got like a pretty extensive set of modules and you can also build those directly inside the note so if you let's look at this summary or let's look at the HPI okay let's say that this was a therapy visit and you wanted this to be you know in prose I could say hey make the HPI more prose like. And fluid tell a story. You know I'm I don't know if that's exactly how you would want an HPI and I don't know even if you want an HPI at all but what you can see is that it immediately regenerates it and then I can save this so that all my HPIs for this template going forward have that modification so what I would say is ask for what you want like ask the program for what you want the whole magic of artificial intelligence is that it does respond in in a pretty special way to the unique nuances of of natural language so that's how I would guide someone who's doing therapy or psychotherapy. And you can ask for short or whatever yeah yeah
cameron: follow-up question so is there a way to? Because I do handwritten but digital notes in session and those are the bane of my existence to try to get into Athena is there ways to either do that directly in jot psych or have it kind of. Synced that somehow?
Nathan Peereboom: So the best way if you're taking well let's see right now we don't have a strict like document upload per encounter tool but if you would be willing to type or to copy and paste them into this notepad these get synthesized into the node.
cameron: Yeah well the only reason I ask is because at least in Texas like those are typically separate so like you have your psychotherapy which have extra protection and you have your progress which is skimpier. So that's why I was curious.
Nathan Peereboom: Yep it's a great question right now we separate them in the note document itself but not in terms of the database record so when you write a note and you submit it it is all saved in a single document.
cameron: Works for me it's still it's still moving the right direction.
Nathan Peereboom: So yeah, but it's helpful to hear that Cameron on market for the engineers to look into because you know I understand the new onset of what you're asking.
louisa: Yeah and we'll be copying and pasting it into Athena currently right yep yeah that's right.
Nathan Peereboom: So all you have to do again is you know you can you know you can copy one section you can copy multiple sections or you can copy all sections so you've got three different ways to copy and paste into your EHR.
paul: All right the one last thing sorry another question how do you document patient consent to use this tool?
Nathan Peereboom: Great question so some people folks do it in different ways there you could send it as a form so if you wanted to create a consent form you can do that here and then send it to every patient before the appointment. So when someone is in an appointment you can select forms that are required for them to fill out before the visit so that would be one way Dr. Schneider the other way is the other way though is just to include it in your natural consent paperwork or to ask verbally and have it on the recording. We have a page on patient consent let me let me send it over. To y'all let's see okay so i'm going to send this over this is our guide on patient consent and what it does is it includes. If you want to use our our patient consent template.
paul: Okay thank you.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah you bet thanks for the question. All right great any other questions before we start kind of getting everyone up and rolling. Anything that y'all are worried about I always find it interesting and helpful to understand you know it's new technology software is always a little scary anything that folks feel like apprehensive about or want to bring up as you know a hesitation or something that they you know you're not going to hurt my feelings I've heard everything but yeah any anything I can like assuage or address.
louisa: We recently. We just talked kind of my issue so. I'm looking forward to see how this one is able to navigate some of those nuances that I might not put in my notes sometimes.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah Louisa what I would say is this AI edit tool it's not just a formatting and styling tool it's also directing and shaping content sensitivity so the example you gave at the beginning of hey I talked to someone about a meal they had and all of a sudden it looks like they have an eating disorder even though that's not right that's exactly the kind of nuance that you can add into into this AI editor if it's helpful.
cameron: Well I don't know how many people are actually like educating theirselves on on AI they just think it's like the Terminator. But the big one that I've heard in a few circles on the therapy side is right that like their PHI is training a model and it's really hard to combat that because again like the belief that we're fighting that. But I also can't answer with confidence like here's the assurances I have against that versus like, you know, a BAA with my email, you know, like Google has said this is our job and this is your job.
cameron: And like we're taking responsibility for this.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, so two things there. One we are under BAA with your clinic. We signed BAs with every clinic as part of the pilot contract. Two, we never train on data. So we don't hold your data in any sort of facility that's training, you know, that's available to us for training. When you sign a note, it's sequestered from us. We can't touch it. When you delete a note, it's gone forever. We can't get it back. But we never train on any data. That is not our business model. And every company we work with is under a PA with us to, to also not train or develop any AI based on it. Those are contracts that we're really careful about because we know that this is a concern. And part of why we are specialized to behavioral health is because we've built all of these systems for making sure that this is like the most secure, most sensitive, most human oriented use of this tool.
cameron: It helps. It's just going to be hard to convince people.
Nathan Peereboom: I mean, well, yeah, you know, I would say the consent paperwork, you know, lays out a lot of this example that we don't train. But let us know if you guys are having trouble talking with patients. Because patients almost never decline an AI scribe. Like patients, at the end of the day, they want to have a human interaction with you. And anything that makes that better or easier is something that. You know, in our experience, we scribe for, you know, over 2.3 or 2.4 million notes at this point. In our experience, that is the best thing for patient care and client care too. So if you have any challenges, please bring them up to us. But in our experience, patients are incredibly excited about this technology.
cameron: Do you hear specific feedback on why they're excited or like what on the client side of benefit that they would derive from.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. Eye contact, like people don't love the idea of you like, you know, typing everything. And, you know, just being like half in the computer and half with them in person. There's also just a like, like folks are aware of burnout. Like patients understand that the clinical profession is rife with burnout and that doesn't make for the best clinical decisions. It doesn't make for the best therapeutic alliance.
Nathan Peereboom: And so patients are usually receptive to this idea of like, hey, I want to spend all of my brain energy. Connecting with you and helping you, you know, navigate the challenges that you're navigating. And as part of that, I'm going to reduce the amount of brain space I'm giving to my admin work. And so that like mindshare question is something that. Patients really do understand when you when you explain it to them. And the other thing we say is you don't have to use this with every patient. A patient says, hey, you know what? I'm just not feeling the same thing. You can use jot psych as a dictation tool. It works the exact same way. And you still get all the benefit of a really structured note coming just from a dictation.
louisa: I have friends who at their job is like part of their. Consents.
paul: Get a choice. Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, totally.
cameron: And the privacy of this meeting, I would absolutely say it's going to be the equivalent of, hey, could you not use Microsoft Word to type my note? Like there's going to be a place where this is just baked in. So that's why I'm also trying to, like, be head of the curve and how to talk about it.
cameron: Cause I think one, they don't know, but two, like, hey, here's what you'll actually get from that is that I don't have to XYZ, which before ate up all this time or had denied claims or whatever, whatever actually matters.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, that's a really good point.
louisa: But we do have skeptical patients. 100% Done.
Nathan Peereboom: Well, I cut you off, man.
paul: Sorry.
Nathan Peereboom: That's all right. No, that's, that's why we do these meetings. We want to like understand, you know, we're here.
paul: We're a white glove software company.
Nathan Peereboom: Like we want to understand what you're concerned about and, and how we can, you know, actually help you communicate this to patients. Because I think you're all right. Patients can be skeptical. This, this tool is a tool that is, you know, becoming very, very, very mainstream. It's becoming the way that clinics practice. And, you know, just figuring out how to make people feel excited about that, not just resigned to it, but actually like affirmatively, like, no, this is actually like, Cameron, to your point, I'm getting something back from this is, is really important. So I don't mind the question at all.
paul: All right, so my question, this may be unfounded concern, but it might open up another bag of worms, too. But my question is, I know that it's not going to be perfect. It's going to make mistakes and I'm going to have to go edit it. Does the software learn from me or learn my style to make it more accurate? And then the can of worms is how much is it learning about me and my, my style and my personality through the questions that I ask and the way that I jump around through an interview.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. So you don't have to follow any format or, or anything like that. You can, you can jump around the software is great at, you know, it, it can take any kind of structure of language and, and work with it. One thing to note is that. It typically takes around 10 encounters for the software to really dial into your voice. And what's important about that, and Louisa, this is part of the accuracy engineering that we've done. Once we know your, like, vocal fingerprint, the accuracy really hops up. Because what it, what we, what we're able to do is really disaggregate, like, oh, like, you know, Dr. Schneider's in the room, and that's the patient. And if Dr. Schneider says something about what's going on in his life, it's not being confused with what the patient says. I mean, initially, the software has no way to know if you're a doctor or a nurse practitioner or a therapist or a patient or a mom or a dad. Like, there's no, there's no, there's nothing to tell that. So what I would say is have patients with the first 10 encounters, get through 10 of them and then decides, like, okay, like, how is this going? And then the second thing I would say is that AI edit tool be really, really, like, vigorous about using that because the more you give it, the better your templates will be. And templates define how the notes come out.
paul: Okay. Gotcha. Thanks.
Nathan Peereboom: All right, well, let's do this. Let's get everyone started. So I'm going to put our website on down here. And if everyone could just go and start an account, I'll add you to the group provision.
Nathan Peereboom: So I just put in the link, go to jotslike.com and on the top right, just click start your trial. And as you, and as you get onto the software, let me know when you've built the account. And I'll, as I mentioned, add you to the correct group.
cameron: Can I just use, like, the Google login for our Google workspace?
Nathan Peereboom: Totally. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, absolutely.
cameron: Come in.
Nathan Peereboom: Yep. Yeah. Okay, great. You guys tell me what accounts you are under. Can you maybe just put in the email address? In the group chat, and then I will. Send that over. And should we all do, like, a mock encounter together? Would that be a good exercise just so folks get the hang of doing a recording?
paul: Yeah, I think so.
paul: All right, let's do it.
Nathan Peereboom: Well, I'm happy to be the patient. Let's maybe all go to our, to our recording page. And let's make sure that we can record. So this is the hardest part of using job psych. It's, it's picking the, the microphone. So the first thing that I would do is, and I'm going to share my screen here. Let's make sure that our microphones are active. So when I look at my page, I can see down here the different options I have. So I'm going to use MacBook Pro microphone. And what I can see is that it's not picking up any audio because this is, this screen is not jumping around. So I'm going to click start recording. And. Okay, this is good. So you can see how there's, there's movement in the graph here. So I'm going to click pause. And I'll resume in a second. But once let's have everyone do, like, a five second, like, like little mock audio just so we can, we know that it's, it's taking everything up. And if Cameron, you're on headphones, you should, you should probably make sure that those headphones are, are here.
louisa: Hello. Okay.
cameron: Luckily, I'm a gamer and I'm well versed.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. If I'd known how much challenge folks would have with audio recording on their computers, I think I never would have started an audio first company.
Nathan Peereboom: It's amazing how much trouble people have. Okay, great. So Dr. Schneider, do you want to, do you want to be the clinician? I'll be the patient. And we'll just talk for five minutes and then see what happens. Oh, you're muted. Oh, Dr. Schnaider, you're still muted. There you go.
paul: Hi, Nathan. I'm Dr. Snyder. I'm a psychiatrist. It's nice to meet you.
Nathan Peereboom: Nice to meet you, too, Dr. Schneider. Thank you for seeing me today. I really appreciate it.
paul: Sure. How can we help you? Can you tell me why you came into the clinic today?
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, I came in because I've been feeling some anxiety lately. And it's really starting to affect just my functioning. And so my girlfriend sent me down, and she was like, hey, I like, I really need you to go see Dr. Schneider. Because you need to, like, just take responsibility for this.
Nathan Peereboom: And, like, move forward.
paul: All right. Can you tell me a little more about areas of your life that your anxiety has impacted?
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, totally.
Nathan Peereboom: I think I'm pulling a lot of anxiety right now about this summer. I'm going to work on a farm. And, and I haven't, I haven't worked on a farm in a long time. I don't feel like I remember everything about what to do, and I'm going back actually to work with, with my dad and, like, brothers. There's like, there's like eight or nine of them. And, you know, we. I'm, I don't want to say I'm estranged, but, like, you know, it's been a while, and so I'm nervous, I guess, for the fact that it's a weird social dynamic. And also for the fact that, like, I want to, like, pull my weight. I don't want to, I don't want to, like, not pull my weight in front of everyone.
paul: Sure. Yeah, that makes sense. So when you, when you're feeling this anxiety, is it something that's consuming you all the time, or does it just come on episodically?
Nathan Peereboom: It's episodic. I've had a series of, like, panic attacks where I'll start thinking about this and I'll have to kind of stop and, like, lean over a piece of furniture. And I'm, like, hyperventilating. And that really doesn't feel good. And my buddy Josh has given me a bunch of, like, Xanax, which, you know, I kind of blown through, and so I don't have any more of that. Which, I mean, I don't know what that means, but, but that's, like, another Dynamic at play here.
paul: All right. Yeah, we'll come back to talk about the Xanax in a minute. I'm curious as to whether you're having any other physical symptoms along with the panic attacks. Like, some people have their heart racing fast or they break out into a sweat or even have nausea or vomiting.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, I have the sweat. I have the heart palpitations. I don't have any nausea, though. There's no nausea. My stomach's totally fine. I've never, like, thrown up or, you know, I never felt like I needed to or anything like that.
paul: During the past week. How many of those panic attacks have you had?
Nathan Peereboom: I have about one every day at 1pm in the afternoon. It's kind of like clockwork. It's like 1pm every day.
paul: All right. How long do those panic attacks last?
Nathan Peereboom: Typically? They last for exactly nine and a half minutes, and then they stop.
paul: So what, is there anything significant to you about the nine and a half minutes.
Nathan Peereboom: Well, the farm that we work on is nine and a half acres large. When you think about it, it's actually very small farm for nine people to farm. But, but it is nine and a half acres.
paul: Do you have any association to the time of 1 p.m.
Nathan Peereboom: Well 1 pm was the time that I left the farm. About is about, I guess, 8 years ago. It was 1 p.m. on a Friday afternoon. And, you know, I had this, like, blowout fight with my dad over whether or not we should buy an electric tractor or a diesel tractor. And he wanted to get the diesel one. And I was like, you know, I just come back from college, so I really thought we wanted an electric tractor, and we just were screaming at each other. And then. Walked away and I looked at my watch and it was 1pm.
paul: Okay, I guess that all kind of makes sense to me. So going back to your, the way you've been trying to deal with the, the panic attacks, you mentioned Xanax. Have you tried any other things that help relieve the symptoms at all?
Nathan Peereboom: No. My girlfriend is really into crystals, so she's been giving me these crystals that she say will, like, help me. So, I mean, I guess you could say I've tried that, but not really in my own will. She just sort of sits me down sometimes and is like, hold the crystal. And I'm like, I I don't know if this is going to help, but, you know, that's just who she is. Her name's Katie. She's awesome, but she is very into crystals.
paul: Well, I'll have to read up on that. I don't know about their efficacy in treating panic disorder. Are there things that happen during the attacks that make them even get worse than they, they were when they started.
Nathan Peereboom: No, they're like, they're very even. They've not gotten worse. They've not gotten better. They just every single day at 1pm. For nine and a half minutes. I, I have my, my episode and then it, and then it basically ends.
paul: When was your very first panic attack?
Nathan Peereboom: The first one was when I was about seven years old, so they didn't, like, they haven't, they obviously took a big break, like, particularly when I was in college and before I left, like, they definitely, and before I decided to come back to the farm, I really wasn't having any panic attacks. But when I was seven years old, I was in the 4-H club. And I remember getting ready. Like, I was about to. It was like the county fair, and I was about to, like, pull the. I had, like, this little sheep that I'd been taking care of, and I was just super, super, super nervous. I really wanted to win. So. So I had a panic attack then, and that was the first time.
louisa: All right.
Nathan Peereboom: All right.
Nathan Peereboom: Well, I tell you what, Dr. Schneider, I unfortunately have to go. I'm overdue for my panic attack. It's 1 30 here, but maybe we could see each other in, like, two weeks with that be all right.
paul: Sure. I'll let my front desk staff know, and we'll see you then.
Nathan Peereboom: All right, perfect. All right, so i'm going to click generate. We will see what happens here. Cameron, you. You raised your hand.
cameron: No, I was trying to. I was trying to emote, and I clicked the wrong thing. It's going to give you all hand.
Nathan Peereboom: Was that a realistic visit for you, Dr. Schneider?
paul: Yeah, I would. I would say so. It was fairly, fairly accurate.
Nathan Peereboom: This is my. My favorite part of my job is, like, doing these mock encounters, and I was thinking about doing something, like, themed like joseph and, like, the dream coat. I was, like, trying to angle us in that direction, but it came out just as, like, kind of a normal story. There were some other family. All right, great. So let's look. I mean, as you can see, it's. It's generating right now. But for everyone, let's just kind of inspect the accuracy of this. So patient presents for evaluation of anxiety and recurrent panic attacks. First one was at age seven. At this four-h event county fair long remission during college and until prior to returning to farm. That's correct. So. I've decided to return to work on my family farm. I've got anticipatory anxiety about the work, and there's this pattern where, like, clockwork every day at 1pm, you know, I get this panic attack that lasts for exactly nine and a half minutes. The episodes are very even. They're not getting better or worse. They, you know, I had this event eight years ago when I left the farm. After an argument with my dad about the tractor. I started, like, i'm here because I, like, these panic attacks and anxiety are starting to affect my functioning. And my girlfriend was the one who urged me to seek evaluation. I've used xanax. We popped in the generic form of it here obtained from. I have the settings on this account such that no names of any kind are included, but the name was josh, I think. And i've blown through the supply and currently have none left. I've also used some crystals as a nonpharmacologic measure, and those are from my girlfriend. So we didn't talk about everything. But, you know, as you can see, it's a fairly good note. You know, it's accurate, it's robust. Now, there might be things again that you want to change. You know, you might be, you know, you might decide, hey, I don't want that cc and the chief complaint. Maybe you don't even want the quote, and you can change that just by going up here and, you know, making the modifications. You can also see the audit. So this is an intake, a 90791. And you can see the things we needed. So we didn't create a medical necessity statement. So we might want to do that and we can do that simply by clicking the pencil. And let's say we want to add to the assessment only. And so that medical necessity statement will go directly there. All right. So any questions? And did folks, were folks able to generate this on their side?
louisa: So I did not. It wasn't picking up on you guys until I took away the. Disabled or made it into a headphone thing. And then it asked me a click. Which web to share. So I feel like that took me a couple minutes to figure that out.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay. All right. Do you feel like for the next one, Louisa, you'll be, like, in good shape?
louisa: Yeah. Yeah, I'm figuring it out now.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, awesome. That's great. Cameron, Laura, how did it go on your side?
cameron: Well, just because of my setup, it wasn't, you know, gonna play nice. So I'll just feed it an episode of Esther Perel's. Where should we start and see what it comes up with?
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, I love that.
paul: I forgot to hit record. I was having an anxiety attack about being performing with Cameron.
Nathan Peereboom: Wow. We're over three here. Guys, this is not looking good. It's not looking good.
cameron: It's. It's fine. I believe in it.
louisa: That was funny.
Nathan Peereboom: All right, well, I hope folks. Well, let me ask this. Do you feel confident, though, that, like, like after this, you'll be able to just click it and. And go through the process. Did it make sense?
louisa: Yeah.
cameron: Yeah. Okay. Yeah, I was gonna ask, though, in my. Of my own accord, I was already trying to look at what the therapy side is looking at for AI and how to do it best. So nested in that question, do you all have, like, how to's or basically just kind of like the way to better engage with it? Because I think that's been the hardest part, is learning how best to use the tool.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, so the. The two things that I would remember with any AI tool, that's three things. One, you want to be very high agency yourself. So if you see something that you don't like, nip it in the bud early by using the AI editor to change that part of the template. The second thing is give it as much context as possible. You know? So if you are seeing a patient or a client and they're talking about something that you have background in your own brain for, but the software couldn't possibly know because it can't read your mind or the clients. Say it a little bit, you know, be like, hey, I understand you're bringing this up. Last time we talked about X, Y and Z, anything that you add in terms of content is going to help Jot Psych build the perfect note for you. And then the third thing is you do have to read the note. You know, job site for all of its beauty and wonder is not a mind reading software. It cannot read your mind, and it cannot know if something gets said after the recording end. So just glance through the note before you sign it. The thing I always tell people is if we had created software that could read your mind, we would be in a very different business. And so just be vigilant about injecting your agency into the software, providing as much context as possible and being really clear about. Yeah, about, about just like knowing, like, when to read the note and, and be careful with it. It's a helper. It's a song replace you.
Laura Delgadillo: I do have a question. So say that we have the returning patient from the farm and we want to continue. Can you link the two notes together from previous visits?
Nathan Peereboom: Laura, I'm, I was literally just thinking that I should have showed you that and I was debating in my mind whether or not it made sense to. So anytime you attach a patient, it's pulling all the context from the previous encounter. So if I grab Christian Bellinger, what I can see is all the information about, like, their last encounter. But more importantly, when I click start recording and do it, I will be able to, like, the new note will have all that background context. They will be linked. And then you can go to patients and actually find this and look at the profile and all that jazz. So the answer is yes.
louisa: Since we already been working with another or other notes, can I copy and paste my notes into the black virtualizers narrate before the patient gets there?
Nathan Peereboom: You can do either or both. So you can, in that notepad session, just copy and paste the old note. Or your old notes. Or you can, you know, you can dictate before. Either one works. But again, remember context is really important. So if you're copying and pasting an old note, but you don't tell our software that it's an old don't. There's no way for us to know. There's no way at all for us to know. So you have to, like, do all of the, like, over explaining that, that you would if you were handing it off to a human being.
cameron: I've said, explain it like a child. Like, you just really dumb it down very ultra specific that's helped me a lot.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. You don't have to dumb it down, but being ultra specific is really good. You can be incredibly technically detailed. You can be, like, obscure in the references. You can talk in medical terminology. You can, you can speak to it like you're speaking to, you know, the smartest person you know, but you do have to be specific if you want to get specific notes.
cameron: Yeah. My version of dumb it down is just like, like, I'm going to tell you every single thing versus, like, you're not going to fill in the gaps.
Nathan Peereboom: Probably true.
louisa: Well, thank you.
Nathan Peereboom: Perfect. Hey, listen, we are so excited for all of you to start with jot psych. I would love to get time with this group again to just check in on your, on your progress. Do y'all have time maybe early next week to, to meet up again and just check in? Okay, let's see. How would. Texas, how would 4 p.m. on you Monday sound 4 PM Eastern, 3 PM Central.
Laura Delgadillo: I am usually pretty booked. I think the best way to coordinate that would be just to get with Carrie and she can kind of look at her schedules and come up with the time that'll work for all of us.
paul: Yeah, I agree.
Nathan Peereboom: Awesome. Great. Well, we'll reach out to Carrie and get that on. And in the meantime, just like reach out if you have any questions.
paul: Okay.
louisa: Thank you.
Nathan Peereboom: Thank you all. Take care.
paul: All right.
Nathan Peereboom: Did you get an account? I didn't see your email.
Laura Delgadillo: No, I think I'm doing ketamine. So I'm, I was stepping in and out, but.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, yeah. Okay. Well, why don't I get you set up just so we can make sure you're on the group account?
Laura Delgadillo: S. Okay. And these are temporary accounts.
Nathan Peereboom: They are trial free accounts. So if you, if you all do decide to move forward, then, you know, then you can carry over all the information in them. But if not, they just lapse and go.
paul: Okay.
Nathan Peereboom: All right, perfect. So to get started, just go to jot psych.com. And here I'll post that in here again. Boom. And then click start a free trial in the top right.
Laura Delgadillo: Let's see. I have not seen the start the free trial. And it's jot site.com.
Nathan Peereboom: Nope. Jot psych. So if you go to the messaging panel.
Laura Delgadillo: Oh, okay. Yeah. I'm like, this does not look okay.
Nathan Peereboom: Can you see the messaging panel in Google meet?
Laura Delgadillo: Let me look at it. Oh, listen, Google meet.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah.
Laura Delgadillo: And how long are these trials?
Nathan Peereboom: I'm not sure what pilot program y'all are on, but I think it's. Two weeks or so.
Laura Delgadillo: Okay. All right. So start the free trial.
Nathan Peereboom: Perfect.
Laura Delgadillo: And so I just put in my. Let's see. Just my email. Almost there.
Nathan Peereboom: You did it.
Laura Delgadillo: Awesome. Verifying. It's just trying to verify the code. Okay. Think going in almost there.
Nathan Peereboom: Awesome. And what email did you use for that? Can you mind just popping it into the message panel so I can add you to the free pilot program?
Laura Delgadillo: Yeah, it's just Laura at viggio wellness.com.
Laura Delgadillo: Laura at LAURA.
Nathan Peereboom: At Visio. Well. Okay, great. All right, perfect. All right, well, Laura, let me know how it goes. Do you have any questions? Anything? I know you've been in and out. Anything I can help you with, just in terms of figuring out how to do this.
Laura Delgadillo: I don't think so. I use something similar.
Nathan Peereboom: Oh, what do you use?
Laura Delgadillo: It was. Called scribe AI, but I think now it's comeur.
Nathan Peereboom: Oh, yeah, yeah. All right.
Laura Delgadillo: It looks like it's pretty similar.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. I mean, yeah. Have you enjoyed Kamir?
Laura Delgadillo: I have.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah.
Laura Delgadillo: It has saved my butt because I'm super busy all the time.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, I get that. I get that. Well, give us a try. Let us know what you like more or less. And let's see how it goes.
Laura Delgadillo: Awesome. Thank you so much.
Nathan Peereboom: All right, take care. Bye-bye.