Patricia Amankwa: Thank you. Nice to meet you.
Nathan Peereboom: Hey, my name is Nate. I'm the CEO and co founder of JOT Psych, and I'm super excited that you're interested in JOT cred, our new credentialing offering. Tell me a little bit about your world, Patricia. Why do you need credentialing? Why are you interested in this? Where in the country are you? What kind of clients do you want to see?
Patricia Amankwa: I just want to get a little bit more about. A little bit information about it. Not necessarily that I want to get credential, but I just need to get more information because nurse practitioner and I'm using site for my notes and stuff. So I just want to get a little bit more about that.
Nathan Peereboom: Totally. What are you interest? Well, first of all, do you know what credentialing? Do you know what it is, how it works, all that?
Patricia Amankwa: Okay, so. I'm working with headway and also I work with other. Practice that they actually do my credential, I don't have private practice yet. They do handle the credential, but recently a couple of weeks ago, one of my job. Announced the closure of the practice and we had to move our client to different practice, which I moved my client to Headway. I just want to know how that job site credential and stuff work. I just want to get a little bit just in case I decide to leave headway and I need to be on my own, like a private practice.
Nathan Peereboom: And why would you want to leave headway? Besides the fact that they take 20 to 30% of your revenue? Or is that the reason? Or are there other reasons why you want to leave?
Patricia Amankwa: Not necessarily because when my job announced the closure and wanted us to take our client to they suggest we open start our independent practice. But it was like, at that point, I didn't have any option but to move my client to headway. So that's what I just want to know because get more information about how the job site works, since I already use it for my notes and other stuff.
Nathan Peereboom: Totally. Well, the credentialing is pretty straightforward when it comes to our involvement in it. Credentialing, just to remind you is the way that payers contract with you to get the best fee schedule for them. And oftentimes it's a really intense process because payers make it sort of hard to be in network. They often have to pay different rates for people who are network and all that, but they do need people to be in network. So a lot of it is just creating. It's like setting up all these little landmines so that when you actually go to bill with them, they have a lot of protection and ability. To play with you a little bit. So the reason to get credentialed? Is you want to own your destiny. You want to own your patients, you want to be able to build them directly and build their insurance directly. You don't really want to go through another party for that. So as much as you can. If you were to move from headway to job site, you would probably make an extra like 15% annually for yourself. So that's the reason to do it. When we get involved in credentialing, the two things we hear from people are one, I want credentialing to go fast.
Nathan Peereboom: And two, I want credentialing to be transparent. I want to know where things are as they go through. So what we do is we have an AI system and a human team. And we do that exact thing for you. We move as quickly as we can through credentialing. We use AI to write all the documents, to synthesize everything, to kind of keep up on the Payers. Just like every time you create a lag, the Payer sends us something back we have to write. A document to return it. Every day or two that you wait on that, it slows down. So the industry average is like, almost 180 days. Takes a long time.
Nathan Peereboom: We like to get it done extremely quickly. And we believe that we have the right to do that because we're using all these software tools. So I mean, that's it. It really shouldn't involve you at all. Really, what it is is you tell us the payers you want to be credentialed with, we ask you for all these documents. There's, like, five documents in general that we need. And then you just, like, can get updates as we go through it. And eventually your credential. Now, the long game for us is like, we hope that you have such an amazing experience getting credentialed that you decide to use drought tech as your ehr. And, you know, you do e prescription with us. You build through us, all of that. But the first thing you have to do is get credential, which is why we offer this service. And whether you stay with Jotsec or you go somewhere else, You have to be credentialed. And you can take our credentialing to any. Any other provider or any other vendor.
Patricia Amankwa: Okay?
Nathan Peereboom: I'm sorry.
Patricia Amankwa: Go on. No, go ahead.
Nathan Peereboom: When you think about credentialing what's important to you?
Patricia Amankwa: Know. Actually. I mean, better, you know, payout. I mean, you, like a lot of people say that headway, take 20 to 30% of the revenue and all of that. So, you know, if it can get better pay, because you are the one doing the work. So if you can get better pay somewhere else, you know, that's important and also. Headway dust the billing. So it's just like if you had to do credential. Are you doing the billing or it will be where after the section you can submit the billing directly or how does it work?
Nathan Peereboom: So you can bill with us. Now. We have a service called JOT Bill, and if you use JOT Bill, you know what we do. So Job Bill is kind of the uniting of our AI engine and our human billing engine. And what it does is it checks eligibility for you. It writes your note to be specific to the pairs that you are working with. In other words, we like to do credentialing because then we own the documents, but then write the notes. And then all you have to do is sign, and then we take over from there. And we operate as basically your financial advisor, just, like, taking care of you and making sure that. That you know exactly like what you're billing, how you're billing, how much you're making. Ways you can improve, et cetera.
Patricia Amankwa: Okay? And then you also mentioned that you can do the credential, and then you can take it to anywhere you want to. How does that work?
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. So if your credentialed as an individual or as your own llc, you don't have to be under headway or another group. You can just like work on any ehr by yourself. So it enables you to control your destiny, enables you to own your own business. And you don't have to do it for your whole practice, but you can start building, like this little practice on the side, start seeing people, and eventually your goal should be that 100% of your patient load is billing directly with you. Because, again, that's how you make the most money.
Patricia Amankwa: Okay? Okay, so what do I need to get the credential? Independent credential. What document do I need? I don't have my private practice yet. I don't have a name. I don't have not. Nothing. So how do. How does that work if I want to do it?
Nathan Peereboom: Well, you have an npi number, and an npi number is all you need. Because you can't practice without an MPI number. What credentialing does is it takes your NPI number and it, yeah, obviously it gets you credentialed under that. So is that something that you want us to do? Because I can tell you the documents to that we need from you and then. We could set up an intake, if that's helpful.
Patricia Amankwa: Okay? Okay, so the npi. I do have npi. Yeah. So what else do you need? So you credential me. Independent. And also, how much does it cost?
Nathan Peereboom: Okay. So can I text you the list of documents that we need? Is that all right?
Patricia Amankwa: Yes, the number is 703.
Nathan Peereboom: 703.
Patricia Amankwa: 203.
Nathan Peereboom: 203.
Patricia Amankwa: 2136.
Nathan Peereboom: 2136. All right. Okay, so I just sent you the list. This is what we need. And this is all, like, pretty obvious stuff. So once you send that over, we basically have to process it, look at the payers, see if there's any, like, little addendums.
Nathan Peereboom: But we'll get, you know, we'll just keep you updated as we go through this process. But once you give us what's on this page, we should be able to rock and roll. Now, in terms of the cost, it's $350 to just, like, get started. And then it's $300 per pair. And that's just a one time cost.
Patricia Amankwa: Okay? So if I want to do, like, maybe 10 insurance company, then it's going to be like 3,000.
Nathan Peereboom: Yes. And that's just industry standard cost. We just went right down the fairway with it. The thing to understand is that every month that you're not credentialed on your own, you're losing, like, thousands of dollars. And so, you know, if the average in the industry is like, 180 days, And we're saying, hey, we're going to do it in 90. The benefit is so enormous from a revenue perspective for you. That, you know, it's worth it. You should just get it started as fast as you possibly can.
Patricia Amankwa: Okay? All right, so now. Now that I've gotten the information, I will think about it and then let you know if I want us to proceed and start working on that.
Nathan Peereboom: Awesome. Can I ask this, Patricia?
Patricia Amankwa: What?
Nathan Peereboom: Is there anything that you wish we were providing that we're not providing right now?
Patricia Amankwa: For the job site. Note taking or what? What is.
Nathan Peereboom: That maybe credentialing to start out like. Or let me put it this way, like. What is the thing that you would need to believe to just be like, hey, you guys get started on, like, start the clock on. On credentialing, because, heck, I want to make sure that.
Nathan Peereboom: You know, I want to make sure that we're moving forward here and that I can. I can bill for myself as soon as possible.
Patricia Amankwa: Because I'm not ready right now to, you know, first of all, I just transition from my job, no information, the closure and all of that. Income has gotten a little bit something because I had to cancel all appointments. And I'm trying to move them, even though I have moved them to headway. But they have not completed the forms to set up appointment and, you know, and start seeing them. So the cost involved is not something I'm ready to, you know, come out with that kind of money now. And also it's too much right now, things that's going on. So I just need time to think about, you know, I. I just need time a little bit because that I'm still moving them and I'm still chasing them to fill the forms and all of that, so I just want to focus. On one thing at a time. So when I get. When I get everybody sign up, I can. I brought them to headway so I can easily move them as I want to leave headway now.
Nathan Peereboom: My recommendation to you that completely makes sense is if you're feeling overwhelmed by the idea of doing 10 pairs at the same time, You can always just get started with, like, one. And the nice thing about getting started with one is we'll have all your information. And you can just tell us when you want to do the rest, but the cost is, like, not that much. And the other thing that I'd be happy to do, if it were helpful, is I'd be happy to take, you know, that $350 startup. We can just comp that towards your jots, like, subscription so that, you know, that way you're not paying that twice. So if it's really like, what, the true cost would just be $300 to start with one. With one pair. If that were interesting to you and you wanted to kind of dip your toes in and start again. It just takes time because pairs are slow.
Patricia Amankwa: Yeah, I understand. But, you know, I make this appointment just to get, you know, a little bit more information about it. Like what? My plan wasn't to just get started today, but, you know, I've been using Joss Psych for some time now, so, you know, I just want it. And this is the first time I'm seeing that. So I just want to make the appointment just to get more, you know, information about that.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, totally. Okay, well, great. Well, listen, I'm so glad we met. You have my phone number. When would you like me to follow up with you? Just to touch base on where you're at with the transition to Headway.
Patricia Amankwa: Maybe about a month and see how things are going.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. Awesome. Okay, great. So I'm going to reach out. What is it? It's March 4th. I will reach out in early April. And maybe could we set maybe a time to meet in early April? Like, April 1st? Could we just touch base?
Patricia Amankwa: I don't know my schedule yet, so just. Communicate and set an appointment in April. Sometime in April.
Nathan Peereboom: Perfect. Okay, great. I'll reach out in April and we'll do that. All right?
Patricia Amankwa: All right.
Nathan Peereboom: All right. Thanks so much, Patricia. Let me know if you need anything else, all right?
Patricia Amankwa: No. Okay. Thank you.
Nathan Peereboom: All right, take care. Bye. Bye.
Patricia Amankwa: Bye.