Mia Soviero: I had thought initially when I started the first trial that I would just be doing more of the video side of things and producing video ads. But I was really pleasantly surprised when I started doing both the written content and infographics and static ads that I enjoyed those parts, too. So I've really enjoyed being able to ship out content in all aspects of the role, not just sort of one piece of it.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, I'm a little, like, out of the. Out of the loop here. I know you've been working primarily with Adam, right?
Mia Soviero: Yes.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, cool. Tell me about, you know, what that's been Like. What are the. Like. I know. I actually. Just walk me through, like, what the last few months have been in terms of what you've gotten to work on, how it's been working with Adam. You know, where what you're in the middle of right now. Yeah, just like, the whole. The whole spectrum.
Mia Soviero: Yeah. So I went into this and talked with Adam, and he sort of framed this whole trial period as I believe the word he used was him wanting me to be his thought partner in the marketing lens. So he essentially has framed it as me getting to have most of the direction over what I do without a lot of direction from him. So he likes it when I take charge, and I'm the one who's coming up with the creative ideas for the concepts. I'm the one who's executing them, storyboarding them, editing them, and I essentially ship him my, like, finished product. And then we go through a round of iterations where he will say, why don't we try this thing? Why don't we try this different font or this different way of demonstrating a concept? And I'll say, okay, and I'll give him a few different iterations of how content could look a little bit differently. And we'll go back and forth about what is the best one to eventually put out into the world. We did that initially. The first time was for one video and one static ad. And that one was a lot more geared towards appealing to the human side of clinicians. It was geared towards the ability of job psych to reduce the time that they're spending charting and increase the time that they're spending doing other things, like spending time with their families or their time outside of work. And so that one was sort of leaning towards that aspect, and each of these trial periods that we've done have leaned towards a different aspect. So that was the first one. The second one, I did another video and another static ad, and that one was leaning a little more towards UI user interface and the ways in which a clinician could use JOT psych. All of the features and functionalities of JOT psych. I wanted to demonstrate it in a way that was, um, really kind of punchy. I don't know if you've ever seen Monday.com ads. I see them all the time. I'm kind of inundated with them as a. A person who is big on organization, and it's essentially a company that helps you organize your company's time. And they always have these really punchy UI ads that showcase all of the features and functionalities of Monday.com and essentially the space in which the person would be working and how the person would be using Monday.com and I really like that because I thought perhaps these clinicians are struggling with being able to grasp how they would be using this AI engine, how they would be using JOT Psych in practice. Right. So that's what I tried to target with the second round and that I also really enjoyed. Each has been an exercise in sort of a different method of communicating an idea through advertising, and I've really liked that as well. And then for this third one, Adam and I met, and he said he wanted to ensure that I could do the entire scope of a marketer role. So not only the video and static assets that I had been creating before, but also written assets. So he had me do a blog post, and this was the theme for this one was billing updates, which I'm less familiar with. So I actually had a great time learning about insurance and billing updates and United Health Care. And it was actually really interesting for me from the perspective of someone who has studied science, studied behavioral health, and has deep connections to behavioral health, to see sort of what goes on behind the scenes in terms of billing and claims. And I got to work with him to produce a blog post, and just yesterday, I got him the video and the static ad that were part of those. It was actually an infographic that were part of that sort of lens, and that was designed to really make clinicians not only want to use JOT Psych to help make their billing easier, but also just to become an educational sort of leader in this space. So that JOT Psych could be a person who is saying, be a company who is saying, here's what you can do to make your billing smoother. We happen to be one of those options. We're a great option, but here's education on what the changes are so that people are clicking on us when they're trying to figure out what these new billing updates are. It was a great way to gain a new interface, gain new users potentially, and expand our audience through these educational materials. So that I also had a great time with. That's a little bit about what I've been doing. I've really enjoyed sort of this widened scope, especially here towards the end, that lets me learn more about what it is that you guys do because I'm very familiar with the charting aspect. I'm not so familiar with billing and claims and auditing, and that part was really fun to get to know. So I feel like I have a much better understanding of all of the different features that Jot Psych has now and the work that you guys do for. Clinicians.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, cool. Wow. You've gotten. Yeah. You've kind of covered a big part of the spectrum.
Mia Soviero: Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: What. As you've started to learn more about, like, what we do and, like, what's here, is there a part that you're, like, kind of gravitating towards where you're like, oh, I. Like, in my vision, if I were spending more time with. With shots, like, and also just remind me, like, how many hours a week are you currently, like, on cycle?
Mia Soviero: I've been doing, like, 10 to 15 hours a week currently.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, gotcha. So, yeah, like, if you could totally control what you were doing for those 10 to 15 hours, like, based on what you've seen so far, like, where would you be spending that time?
Mia Soviero: I really. So I've really enjoyed sort of the holistic approach that I've been doing in this last trial run, where I was able to sort of have an impact on marketing strategy as a whole, rather than just one specific area. And I really, really liked that. And I've enjoyed getting to work with Adam. And he sort of commented on this that he really likes this idea of being able to contribute in many different ways instead of just one way. So I really enjoy that. Getting to influence marketing and influence content and the. The marketing from all these different ways. Video static and the. The written features as well. But if I had to pick one, I really, really enjoy the videos. I really enjoy the video editing. I have 12 years of experience video editing and video producing, so that's, I guess, where I'm most comfortable. But I really do enjoy it holistically as a whole.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, that. That totally makes sense. Okay, cool. In terms of. I. Have you heard that we're moving to New York?
Mia Soviero: I have, yes.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, cool. Remind me where. Where in the city are you? I totally forgot. Are you on the upper.
Mia Soviero: I'm splitting between Forest Hills and Connecticut, So Forest Hills is in Queens. It's. I'd like to. And I talked about this with Adam, actually, because he asked me, if I were to be working with you guys, if I'd be able to come into the office, and I think he said you guys would be located in Brooklyn. I would be willing to relocate to a. Forest Hills is kind of, like, out of the way from Brooklyn and Manhattan, so I'd be willing to relocate to a place that is a little easier to get to the office from.
Nathan Peereboom: Is Forest Hills where they do the US Open?
Mia Soviero: It is, yeah, it is.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay. Just.
Nathan Peereboom: So it's, like, busy for, like, three weeks a year. It's crazy. And then for the rest. Okay, that's super helpful. Very cool. One thing that I'm curious about is. When you were going through this like this learning process with like billing and you know, there's, there's like two sides. You're like learning what we do in billing in the billing world, but you're also learning like billing just writ large and then writing itself. Like, what is like, what's your relationship with like AI tooling when it comes to that? Like, and there's not a right answer here, I'm not like, it's not prescriptive, but I'm just like curious what your cycle is.
Mia Soviero: Yeah, I like to use AI as a tool to give me sort of the initial first grasp at what I need to research. So for example, if I am completely unfamiliar with billing, let's say I went into this totally blind, which I didn't. I knew some about billing, I knew some terms, but if I went into it totally blind, I would use chat, DBT and I would say, can you direct me towards the best sources for learning about billing and use it sort of as a pointer tool to point me in the right direction? And from there I could use those sources and other sources that I found on the way that were cited within those sources to learn more about billing, about the insurance policy updates, United Healthcare. That's sort of my relationship with AI. I really do do not enjoy the use of generative AI in my own work personally because I, I really love my art. I like to create my, my videos myself, my static ads myself. So I try to avoid the use of generative AI, but if I, if I need to use it to point me in the right direction, I will do so.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, that makes sense. When in your mind, do you imagine there will be a point at which generative AI is good enough, that you do want to use it? Or is it like a philosophical thing where you like, to your point, like this is my art and I don't want to like have a machine involved in my art.
Mia Soviero: No, I think, definitely, I actually think I just don't have great experience with AI that produced for example, images or videos that were high enough quality that it made more sense for me to use those rather than doing it myself. I want to make the best product, product possible, something that looks very convincing to viewers and that isn't off putting to viewers. And I think, and I actually noticed this when I was doing my videos because I looked at all of your competitors ads, by the way, I looked at all of your competitors ads and what they're putting out and a lot of them had put out videos that were very clearly AI generated videos, some of them, some of which were actually a little wonky, like a little weird. And I had noticed that and said, I want us. I like this concept that they're doing, but I want us to do something that is a little more maybe like, not as off putting to customers who might already be approaching an AI tool with trepidation. I want them to look at our ads and feel like it's human or feel more human and not feel. Feel like, you know, people who might not be the most amenable to AI, I want them to see us as a tool, not as something that's entirely devoid of the human aspect. So in that way, I guess I'm just waiting for ways in which I could use it that is, that are a little more convincing to the population that we're trying to target. Because I. I saw those examples and I thought, I don't know if that would be compelling to maybe an older person who might be skeptical of AI. Who is our target demographic, an older clinician who is, you know, trying to decide if they want to use AI. I think that might convey to them that it's a little less human than it actually is. So that.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, okay, cool. That's super helpful. As you've. As you've, like, kind of seen the way that we work and operate. Like, do you have questions for, like, what. How can I be, like, helpful in, like, kind of enabling you to continue having either a better experience here or understanding us more? And I. I am, like, particularly curious about, like, just at a human level, like, what your experience has been working at Drot Psych. Because we, like, we want this to be a place where people really enjoy plugging in, you know, and, like, plugging in makes them want to come, you know, be a part of us more. Can you. And I actually am going to push you. I'm going to kind of, really, like, challenge you to. To say some negative things too. Like. Like, you can tell me all the things that are good and great, but, like, I'm also really curious, like, what has felt hard or opaque, misleading, Just, like, anything around the experience that's been like, an edge that we should sand if we have a piece of sandpaper for it.
Mia Soviero: Yeah. Well, I've really enjoyed getting to meet the members of the team that I have met. I've met you, I've met very briefly, Jackson on the phone, who helped me with an engineering issue. I've met Adam, and that's been very enjoyable for me. I found that I really like the culture of independent workers that you guys have, where you guys are really pushing people to generate ideas on their own without a whole lot of direction. I really like that. I would love more experiences to get to know the team because I haven't gotten to meet any other members of the team. And thus far, I've really felt. And I don't know, I wanted to have a conversation with you today about whether this would move forward in a contract position or in another way. But if it were to move forward in a contract position, I would love to get to feel more like part of the team because right now I really only work with Adam and occasionally get to meet with you. And I would love to be able to get to know the team more and interact with them more. I am on the slack and I want to introduce myself to. Everybody on the slack. And it looks like you guys have a lot of fun on there. I've been loving the messages that I've been seeing, but I really would. Would love the opportunity to meet the team more. I think right now it just feels. Because I'm still, you know, new to this and I'm still operating under this trial period. It just feels like I could be a little more part of the team than I already.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, that. That totally makes sense. Okay. Anything else that, like, would be important to you or. Or you found sort of like challenging about the way that we operate?
Mia Soviero: I, you know, I really like. I. I would. I think that most people would say the sort of hands off approach that you guys have of. Of less direction would be a negative, but that's actually how I operate best, and I found that. I really like that. So I actually. I really liked working with you guys thus far. I don't have anything really negative to say. I think I would love some clarity moving forward about where this is going to go because that, that piece has been. I mean, it's been about two months of doing the trial period, and so having some. Some clarity would be good. Um, that would be my only thing to say about that.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, cool. Yeah. So I have to talk to Adam. I think that we are probably still moving in like the 1099 relationship direction for right now, though. I have not discussed with him, like, exactly how you guys are working. Do you have a preference? I think if I remember correctly, you do have a preference for like a W2 position, like, at some point. Is that right?
Mia Soviero: Yeah, that was. And I talked to Adam about this on Monday. Um, that is my preference. I would prefer to feel like I'm more part of the term, more part of the team, and I'd prefer more of a long term commitment. Um, I really, like. My goal would be to move full time and I. I want to participate in building the entire marketing strategy, not just pieces of it. So I would love to feel like I'm. I'm more part of the team to do that.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, cool. That. That totally makes sense. Let me. Let me circle the wagons with him and with Jackson and like, see the next thing. What is your capacity for the next, like two weeks?
Mia Soviero: For the next two weeks? I. You mean like hourly hours? Yeah, I can still be putting in. I've been doing 10 to 15 because that's what Adam suggested, but I can do 20. And I think I discussed with Adam and I don't know if I mentioned this to you, but I've discussed this with Adam multiple times is until March 20th. I have a commitment that I'm wrapping up with my nonprofit. But after March 20, I am available for as many hours as you would like. I just have a commitment, so I can only pursue 20 hours at this time.
Nathan Peereboom: No, that's great. That's ideal. Okay, let me. Let me circle the wagons with. With Adam and get back to you. But I think that what we are probably going to do is, like, one or two more, like, projects, and then think about, like, hey, like, what's the actual cadence that we want to just, like, stick with? And even if it's a contractor role, like, we'll. We'll be honest about that, and we'll just be like, hey, look, this is, like, a continuous 1099 thing that we're, like, hoping lasts forever. But I understand that, like, part of what you're looking for is, like, just a way to say, like, hey, like, how much of myself should I invest in this? How close can I be to the human beings I'm working with? Should I geographically think about my life differently? Like, I understand that you're doing some of that, like, life and, like, spirit planning, so I can commit to, like, getting you a sharper answer on that.
Mia Soviero: Yeah, that is important to me because I'm thinking about right now, you know, commitments and how I'm going to be scheduling my time moving forward. And I really want to commit to you guys. I've really enjoyed working with you, your team. I love the product, and it's very close to my heart with behavioral health. So I. Yeah, I'd love to be able to get a better read on committing my time. And also, like you said, geographically, I'm deciding. My lease is almost up. I'm deciding where to relocate, and if I would be coming into the office, I would need to relocate soon because of that. So getting a clear answer would be really great. I would appreciate that. Thank you.
Nathan Peereboom: Awesome. Okay, cool. Well, it sounds like a plan. And, Nia, sorry I missed you in D.C. i think we were just, like, ships passing.
Mia Soviero: It happens. It happens. We'll find out soon. As you said, if I end up at the office in Brooklyn, we will find out if we're both bots or not, which would be nice.
Nathan Peereboom: All right, Lovely. Okay, cool. Well, I'm going to run. I want to catch Adam before my next meeting at 10:30, but thanks a million. Okay, thanks.
Mia Soviero: Thank you. Have a great rest of your day. Happy Friday.
Nathan Peereboom: All right, see you. Happy Friday.