Jack Waugh: Hello? Hey, sue, this is Jack from JOT Psych. How are you? Hi. Doing great. Thanks for asking. Yeah, I was just calling. I know we had our meeting set for now. Is now still good for you? Okay, awesome. Yeah. Let me know if you need any help getting to that. That meeting link there, but it should be. Sure. Oh, yeah, let me see if I can. Oh, yep, There you go. Okay, I'll hang up with you here. Hey, sue, can you hear me okay?
sue: I can hear you.
Jack Waugh: Awesome. Yeah. Well, appreciate you taking the time. Yeah. Good to talk face to face. Yeah. Just kind of wanted to ask you. I know we chatted a little last week and just kind of wanted to talk to you to see, you know, did you get a chance to like check out Jot Psych at all yet or. I don't know if you signed up for a trial yet or anything.
sue: I have not signed up for a trial. I've been a little bit occupied trying to research and look for something that has AI scribe in it because it looks like I'm going to be needing that more than anything.
Jack Waugh: Cool. Yeah. Well, I'm, you know, I'll walk you through today. Kind of like what we do and we, you know, we are an AI scribe basically built specifically for behavioral health clinicians. And I'll kind of show you how it works. I can help you get set up with a trial so you can follow along and see.
sue: Yes, absolutely.
sue: So how long is your trial?
Jack Waugh: The trial is two weeks.
sue: Two weeks. And what is your. Do you have like a first month rate and then or yearly rate or how does the rate goes?
Jack Waugh: Yeah, it depends on a couple of things, which I'm happy to walk you through. Through today.
Jack Waugh: It just depends on a couple of things about like the size of your practice and like what you need it for.
sue: Well, I don't have like a practice. I'm just working with a company right now. But they didn't provide scribe so I'm. Yeah, it's really terrible. So I mean it's not terrible but like, you know me, I want to have things that help me be more efficient and help me, you know, get through my nose kicker. So what I'm looking for is something I can get on my own so that help me. Do you have that available?
Jack Waugh: Oh yeah, definitely. I mean.
sue: Okay. Not for a company but like for me to use.
Jack Waugh: Yes. Oh yeah, yeah, we have, we have that worked out for individual practitioners, not just for companies. In fact, most of the people who use JOT Psych are solo practitioners.
sue: Okay.
Jack Waugh: And I wanted to ask you, I know you had mentioned you were spending like a pretty good amount of time on like notes and.
sue: Yeah.
Jack Waugh: What's. What do you would you say is like your current like weekly time spent charting and, and on notes and everything?
sue: Well, right now I gave the company two days out of the week and so out of the two days I have like about an eight patient load.
sue: So so different things I have to do. So it's pretty heavy.
Jack Waugh: Okay.
sue: So I want to get through these pretty quickly and sometimes it takes longer. Even like the next day I go back and edit notes. So that's a lot. I just want to make sure you know what I'm saying.
Jack Waugh: Yeah, yeah, absolutely. So yeah, it sounds like you're spending a pretty significant amount of time. Kind of what we do. I mean clinicians who switch over to JOT psych, they'll save up to eight hours a week. I mean I've heard as low for like lower patient loads. I've heard people say like five hours, but on the high end I've heard people say like 10 hours. So it's a big time save for people. And the way it kind of works, we're one of the few scribes that's actually built specifically for the behavioral health space. So we trained our scribe on notes that were actually more likely to get approved through insurance for behavioral health. So it's very accurate. It's really quick and I'll walk you through it in just a second. But basically you're outputting from just hitting the record button a fully HIPAA compliant note in about like 15 seconds. So.
Jack Waugh: Okay, so let's do this then. I'm going to share my screen. Are you able to. If you're able to go to job site and just sign up for a quick trial account, then you can kind of like follow along with what I'm doing.
sue: Sure. So what's the website that I have since on? What is it?
Jack Waugh: Yep, it's J, O, T, P, S, Y, C, H dot com.
sue: Okay. Job sign up. Okay. I'm at a screen now.
Jack Waugh: Okay. Yeah, and you should see like a login or sign up button.
sue: It says a pink one. Tried jot cipher free. Is that the one?
Jack Waugh: Yep, that's it.
Jack Waugh: Okay, then I'll. I'll give you a second to set that up. Take your time.
sue: All right. And then it says. Already have an account? No, continue with Apple or email address and password. Okay, so I'll do my email address and I'll do a password. Let's see. That's meeting criteria. Looks like it's loading now.
Jack Waugh: Yep.
sue: Okay, now I'm just going to fill in all these information. Name, phone number, specialty is going to be psychiatric nurse practitioner. How did you find this? Should I put a referral or.
Jack Waugh: Yeah, that's fine. I mean, I. It's. However, I don't know if you'd heard about. About us before. I had given you a call, but maybe.
sue: Because a lot of them reach out. So I'm like, not. I mean, I never really entered them because. Do you have a referral code I can use or no.
Jack Waugh: Oh, like through. For other people? Yeah, we do.
sue: Well, it says referral. Okay. Referral code is optional. I don't put anything there.
Jack Waugh: Oh. Oh, I see. No, you know what? For now, that's something different. That's if someone who's already using Jot Psych referred you.
Jack Waugh: Okay, so that's a. That's a totally separate thing.
sue: All right, so it's loading. So English. Refer to the patient as client. Okay, next. So this is kind of like twofold that I was trying yesterday. Okay. 10 days left in your free trial recording. Okay, so I'm at the page. It looks like we're, you know, welcome, with my name next to it. 10 days left with. Okay, perfect. Okay.
Jack Waugh: Yeah, I'm gonna share my screen, so you can kind of follow along here. So you're on this page here?
sue: Yeah, mine's on my phone. So maybe it looks a little bit different, but it looks like towards the left side of your screen. Yes.
Jack Waugh: Okay, that's fine. I don't know. If you're in front of a computer, you might find it helpful if you're on the desktop. We do have an app, though, for the phone specifically.
sue: Oh, okay. So should I download that, too?
Jack Waugh: If you'd like. Yeah.
sue: Now I have a Mac. I have a Mac. So is it gonna be. What's the name of the app? I can download it later?
Jack Waugh: Yeah, it's. So if you use it on your iPhone, it's just called Jot Psych. But if you just are on your Mac, then you can just go to jot.py. com.
sue: Okay, so just in this login from there.
Jack Waugh: Yeah, yeah. It's just. I mean, you don't have to do it right now, but it's just if you want to, like, kind of be able to follow along. Are you typically planning on using this on your phone or on your computer?
sue: I use my MacBook Air to do my sessions.
Jack Waugh: Sure.
sue: But I use Psychology Today, my sessions. I'm looking for something that can record the session itself. Is this what it is?
Jack Waugh: Yes. Yes, this does record the session. So maybe it would be good if you have a second to log in on your computer, then you can kind of see how that would.
sue: Okay. Let me see. I don't think I'm allowed to pull my computer out here where I am. But.
Jack Waugh: Okay, if that's the case, that's fine. I can always just show you on my end.
sue: That's totally fine.
Jack Waugh: So can you see. Can you see the screen I have up here?
sue: I do. Yes, I know.
Jack Waugh: Okay, so basically, this is kind of how you use Jot Psych. And just stop me if you have any questions or if anything comes up. But it's pretty straightforward. Basically.
Jack Waugh: First you just go to this record window here.
sue: Do that again. Sorry, the pink button, correct? Yes.
Jack Waugh: Yeah, so it's this. It's this pink button up here, and you just hit record.
Jack Waugh: And this is where you would just enter. I mean, you don't even have to enter a patient name if you don't want to, but if you want to type one in or select one from your list, you can do that and put a name, right? Correct.
sue: Okay, let me ask you a question. Is this a platform where I can actually conduct the session? Okay, so. So I will send my invite from here for.
Jack Waugh: Oh, to send, like an invite to the session?
sue: Yes.
Jack Waugh: Well, so this is. This isn't necessarily a telehealth platform, if that's what you're asking.
Jack Waugh: Like, we're not like a zoom call through Jot Psych. This is just. But it does work with any telehealth system that you're using. Okay.
sue: It works with Psychology Today?
Jack Waugh: Yes, it should work with anything. There are some settings over here which I'll walk you through in a second. Basically, that's all you really do. Now, are you finding, like, through your clinic, do you guys have set templates you're using or do you need just more like kind of standard templates?
sue: She doesn't have any template. I kind of, like, follow my boss's templates because she hates one, and I just kind of, like, use that. But, I mean, I can have my own if I want because I don't really like her format because hers is. It just kind of mixes, like, the medical history with the background. I don't like that. I like it to be background and medical history. Okay.
Jack Waugh: Okay, so I'll show you what we have here. Now, the cool thing about jots is our templates are very customizable. You can even upload, like, a custom template, and I'll show you how that works. But for now, I'll just put one of our, like, standard ones. Like an intake template.
sue: Yes.
Jack Waugh: So all you do is you would select that template.
sue: So those are Pre in. Those are pre in. Okay.
Jack Waugh: Exactly. They're already built.
sue: Template. Okay. I'm just taking a few notes so that I can play with it later.
Jack Waugh: Yeah, absolutely. And then you just hit the start recording button here, where I
sue: don't see your mouse key hover again.
Jack Waugh: Yeah. See this here?
sue: Make it a little bit wider. Let me see if I can do that.
Jack Waugh: Yeah, okay.
sue: Oh, that one. Hit record. So, purple record button.
Jack Waugh: That's right. And then when you're done, you would just hit stop and review.
sue: Okay.
Jack Waugh: You could also make multiple recordings, like if you wanted to record something else after the patient walked out. Or you could type additional notes down here if you needed to.
sue: Okay. While they're speaking, just take a note down.
Jack Waugh: Yeah. And I don't know, on your sessions, are you using headphones at all or are you typically just using.
sue: Last time I did, like half AirPods, they died. And then he was using regular. Whatever my speaker for my laptop was. But that's what I want to ask you. I feel better with my headphones on in case something is going on in the background I could move.
Jack Waugh: Yeah.
sue: Is that okay?
Jack Waugh: Yes. So see this little button here? Actually, before you'd start recording, See this little headphones button here?
sue: Okay.
Jack Waugh: Yeah, you just click that so it's on.
sue: Okay.
Jack Waugh: And then you would be in headphones mode, and then you just hit record once the session starts.
sue: Okay, but what about if I'm already on the session? Do I click headphones after?
Jack Waugh: Oh, like if you're already on it and. Yeah, I mean. Yes, exactly. You. You could always just click that on.
sue: Okay. Okay, Good to know.
Jack Waugh: Yeah. And then from there, once you've hit stop and like, you're ready to review the note, you just click generate note here.
sue: Okay. So you don't hit stop from review, you hit generate note.
Jack Waugh: Yeah. You want to hit it one more time. The reason we do it like that is in case you want to make multiple recordings before the note generates.
sue: Oh, yeah.
Jack Waugh: And obviously we didn't generate a real note here, but I'll show you what one actually looks like. So here's a pretty good example of like an intake template. So perfect.
sue: Yes. I love it.
Jack Waugh: Yeah. So, like, this is really cool because again, all of this is fully HIPAA compliant.
Jack Waugh: We took out all of the legwork of you having to format everything, and we just do it for you.
sue: Okay.
Jack Waugh: So I'll let you read through this. I don't know if you can see it, but we have.
sue: I can see the cheat, the summary, the chief complaint. Mine would. My chief complaint would be first. I mean, the summary is good too, to have a little background hpi.
Jack Waugh: And then.
sue: Okay, that's the rest of it. Medications. Yeah. Now, what was the medical history? Is it in the hpi?
Jack Waugh: Yeah, it's in the hpi. Now, if you ever needed a separate section, you can always add that. I'll show you how you can customize a template. In a second. We'll actually auto match ICD and DSM codes as well.
sue: Beautiful. Yes.
Jack Waugh: So all that here.
sue: What about CPC code? Do you do CPC codes?
Jack Waugh: Yep. CPT codes right here.
sue: Okay.
Jack Waugh: And the DSM is somewhere up here in the note. Yeah. DSM 5. Yeah. These are very accurate, too, which is nice, because it's one of the few scribes that's actually built for behavioral health clinicians.
Jack Waugh: We have insight to, like, match those in, like, a really accurate way, which is really helpful for people.
Jack Waugh: And that's basically what a note looks like with Jotsych. Now, I know you were asking about customizing the note a bit, so I'll show you that. But first of all, does this make sense so far?
sue: Yeah, so far, so good. Yes.
Jack Waugh: Awesome. Okay. And then we'll also draft. If you look down here, like, There's like a follow up email. So if you need to write.
sue: How did you get there?
Jack Waugh: It's actually on our intake template. We just have a section here called follow up email.
sue: So did you come out of that first note? Like, how'd you get there?
Jack Waugh: Yeah, it's right, right there in the note.
sue: Oh, it's on the bottom of the note. Oh, beautiful. That's a little extra.
Jack Waugh: Yeah, yeah, it's really helpful. And that way like you don't have to like write up the whole thing. You can just send them this follow up email based
sue: on to summarize the visit and stuff. Very good. That's a nice touch added. Now the note has a section where the follow up visit is scheduled for two weeks. Whatever. It's on there, right?
Jack Waugh: Yeah, it should. It should. Yep. Your next appointment is scheduled for. Yep, perfect. Okay, so I'm going to show you another cool thing. So under note templates, let's say you wanted to. You liked that template, but I think you had mentioned I'd rather chief complaint be first on it.
sue: Yes, yes.
Jack Waugh: So what you would do is you go to documentation and then note
sue: to change note, go to documentation and what else?
Jack Waugh: And then note templates.
sue: No templates. Okay. Now is there like a place where you can like email me at all directions to do this I can just kind of get used to.
Jack Waugh: Yeah, I mean I can send you a quick email after we get off and just give you like a quick overview of the, of the directions for it. Yeah, that's not a problem.
sue: Okay.
Jack Waugh: And yeah, so you would do intake and you see this little duplicate button up here?
sue: Okay.
Jack Waugh: You just click that and then you could actually edit this template to have whatever you want on it.
sue: So click duplicate.
Jack Waugh: So like.
sue: I see.
Jack Waugh: And that way you can actually edit the template. So like here's chief complaint. I'm going to drag that up to the top.
sue: Oh, I see. Yeah, you can take out the summary.
Jack Waugh: You can take out the summary if you don't need that. And then like here's a section I added to it. Like if you're doing any psychotherapy, you could add that section to it. Yeah.
sue: Mm, very good.
Jack Waugh: Cool. And then when you're done with those changes, you would just hit save. And then whatever you've titled, just remember, whatever you title that template, maybe you call it my template or whatever, and then you'll be able to load it into the record window of the next session.
sue: Okay.
sue: I want to like refer you to the company I worked for. I'll talk to them about it first, I want to make sure she's just like. Because people are weird. They might think you're trying to impose on them. You know what I'm saying? So I'm going to just say, hey, I found this really cool thing, and I think, do you want to do it? I don't know. So I'll email you about that.
Jack Waugh: Yeah. So you meaning, like, if they. More people from the clinic might want to sign up to use it?
sue: Well, the lady who runs the clinic, I want to, like, send it to her, like, so she can, like, think about putting it in her practice for us so that we don't. We don't have to pay for it. You know what I'm saying?
Jack Waugh: Yeah, absolutely. Yeah. If you'd like to, you know, I'd be happy to reach out to her as well. Or if you want to email, let me know.
sue: Yeah, for sure. But for now, I mean, I have a heavy load tomorrow, so I really want to play with this.
Jack Waugh: Yeah.
sue: See how to work it.
Jack Waugh: And I'll show you something else. Pretty cool. So if you go under here to patients and you click on a patient.
sue: So first of all, how do you add the patient in the beginning?
Jack Waugh: It's just in that record window.
sue: Okay.
Jack Waugh: You just click this little plus button from the record window and you would add the patient there.
sue: Okay, do that one more time. Let me see again.
Jack Waugh: No problem. So here's our home page again.
sue: Okay.
Jack Waugh: So record window.
sue: Okay. Record tab.
Jack Waugh: And then see, under patient, there's this little plus button here.
sue: Okay.
Jack Waugh: We're just. And you don't have to type in all of this information. You just need their first and last name.
sue: Okay. Okay. And then I can just go back and just add, like, different. Like. Let me ask you a question. If there's a patient I'm seeing for the first time, but they've been seeing before, can I add their previous notes in so that they can, like, know who the patient is?
Jack Waugh: Yes. So there is a way to do that. Technically, what you can do is you can create. I mean, obviously you have to create the patient from scratch and jot psych, because you've never used jot psych before.
Jack Waugh: But what you could do is you could do whatever the patient name is. Let's just say it's Dave, David, this guy. And then you could copy and paste in here all of the notes from past sessions.
Jack Waugh: If you want to make a few notes in that patient. So you can do that, just make sure you just record for a few seconds. Otherwise it won't let you generate the note from the.
sue: That.
Jack Waugh: Yeah.
sue: Just want to have that information there as, like, a background in case. Like, if. Because I don't know why they put, like, two sessions back to back. One is like 15 or 20 minutes or 30 minutes. So how am I gonna talk for that long? You know what I mean? Yeah, absolutely. I want to make sure that if It's a short session that I had background information that I could use.
Jack Waugh: Definitely. Yeah, that makes a lot of sense. And that's how you would do that. You basically just kind of go to the record window, but just notes manually, and then it'll populate that for this patient.
sue: Okay.
Jack Waugh: And real quick, I'll show you this, too. This is pretty cool. Under the. Patient tab. Do you find, like, do you have to write a lot of, like, clinical documents, like things like accommodation letters or prior authorization?
sue: Not right now.
Jack Waugh: Not right now. Okay. If you ever had to do that, we'll actually generate it for you. So you can. And academic accommodation. I mean, you can type in anything.
sue: Okay, nice. Yeah, yeah.
Jack Waugh: Specific to that patient Again, you know, this is why I say when people use Jot Psych, they save all this time. It's because this, you know, we've built in a lot of features here that really help people be more present with their patients and not bogged down in all the note taking and the charting. So.
sue: Okay, very good. Yes.
Jack Waugh: Awesome. So first of all, just gonna pause there real quick. Any questions on any of this?
sue: I mean, I do have questions, a lot of them, because it's gonna be my first time using it, but I'm just gonna have to play with it and see. What is it? Annual pricing, monthly pricing? What is your rate?
Jack Waugh: Yeah, so for the first month, what I can actually do is I can give you a discount month. We do a really great discount month for $20. And then after that it's 150amonth. Or if you pay annually, it's about 135amonth. So you have some different options there. But that's kind of why we set you up with the trial and also the discount month first. So you can see that it's working for you.
sue: Okay. Okay.
Jack Waugh: Yeah. So if that looks good to you, I'd be happy to get you approved for that. And then I think that would give you like 45 days to really get a chance to use Job Psych.
Jack Waugh: Does that sound good?
sue: Yeah. Yeah, it sounds good. That's cool.
Jack Waugh: Let me. Let me walk you through because I have to approve that on my end. If you're on your phone, do you see this little. Your practice button here?
sue: Which one?
Jack Waugh: It should say your practice right next to the record button.
sue: I don't see that.
Jack Waugh: Let's see. There's another way to get to it. If you don't see that.
sue: Oh, let me go back to the. Let me see your practice next to the record. No, I have. I'm. I'm on the page that says you record an encounter, review, sign notes.
Jack Waugh: Oh, you don't see this. This little bar at the top here?
sue: I see job site.
Jack Waugh: Do you see your middle initials in the upper right corner?
sue: Yes.
Jack Waugh: Your two initials. So click on that. This should.
sue: Okay.
Jack Waugh: Okay.
sue: It says practice information.
Jack Waugh: Yeah. So you see below that. Oh, wait, no, that's weird. They must have moved that. Give me a second. Let's see if we can get set up there. Okay. Oh, so I see. So they moved that. So actually, yeah, you'd have to get to it from. It should be under your subscription. But what we can do. Are you on the app right now? If you type in.
sue: I'm on the browser.
Jack Waugh: Yeah. So type in after.com, just do slash practice, slash subscriptions, and it should take you to this page from there.
sue: After dot com.
Jack Waugh: Yeah. If you just look in, like, wherever the address bar is, how it says, like jot psych dot com.
sue: Okay. So after dot com.
Jack Waugh: Yeah. Just hit slash practice.
sue: Okay.
Jack Waugh: And then slash subscriptions.
sue: Okay. It's an okay not found.
Jack Waugh: What does it say there?
sue: It's a page not found.
Jack Waugh: You typed in. Does it say next.jotsych.com practice subscriptions?
sue: No, it just says I put after.com without the stuff in the beginning.
Jack Waugh: Oh, yeah. So it should be. It should be like jot psych.com or like next. Jots like dot com.
sue: You said you were.
Jack Waugh: You logged in on your phone already.
sue: Yeah, I was.
Jack Waugh: So the other option is you could try doing it from your computer, but I know, I know you mentioned you might not be able to take it out right now. So let's see if we can get it on your phone first. So, yeah, try. Try typing in this here. You know what? All this phone number here that I reached you.
sue: Yeah, yeah, text me there.
Jack Waugh: Yeah. Open this link on your phone and this will work.
sue: Okay. All right, you said login, so now I'm going to log in.
Jack Waugh: Cool.
sue: And then putting my password. Thank you so much.
Jack Waugh: Yeah, no problem. Take your time.
sue: It said session expired. Okay, now it's welcome. Wait, it sent me back to the same page.
Jack Waugh: Okay, now that you're logged in, try clicking it one more time.
sue: It said welcome. It's on the welcome page now. Okay.
Jack Waugh: And did you click on that link again next with the practice subscriptions and the text message? Yeah, yeah.
Jack Waugh: If you click on it one more time, I think it'll reopen to the right page now.
sue: Okay. It's saying welcome, and I should log in.
Jack Waugh: Oh, it didn't. It still doesn't have you logged in?
sue: No. You know what? Maybe because they want me to verify my email.
Jack Waugh: Oh, yeah. You know what? That might try. Yeah, try that. Let's see if that works.
sue: So I. Email verified. Let me go back to the link again now. Oh, my God. Logging in again.
Jack Waugh: Yeah, it's a little easier from, like a computer browser. Um, so there's. Don't worry if that doesn't work. There's another way. I can. I can get you to that page, but the session expired. Hmm. Okay, let's try this.
Jack Waugh: Are you able to go. Do you see this page here?
sue: To go where?
Jack Waugh: Okay, so just on the home page here.
sue: Okay, let me go back to. I'm on the home page which says welcome in my name.
Jack Waugh: Cool. Yeah. So do you see. Is there like a menu bar at the top?
Jack Waugh: Kind of like I'm scrolling through here?
sue: No, I don't have all of that. I just have a three. Yeah. What do I click?
Jack Waugh: Okay, so we'll hopefully. Okay. All right, so let's type it in manually. We'll get it to come up. So do you see HTTPs/orwhatevernext.jotsych.com in the address bar on top?
sue: No, that's not what I say.
Jack Waugh: Okay, what do you see right there?
sue: Right there? I see app.psych.com.
Jack Waugh: oh, I. I see. So let's see. App.jotsy.com. that should be fine. Let me double check something. I'm going to try typing it in here. Let's see if we can. Okay, that's fine. Oh, I see. So it says, cannot be found. Let me.
Jack Waugh: Do you have one more second? Let me see if I can figure this out for you. Okay. So is there no way you're able to log in on a computer right now?
sue: No, not really.
Jack Waugh: Okay, that's all right. Let me try one more thing. Let's see if we can get this going from the phone here. Okay, let's try one more thing. Thanks for your patience there. Okay. I'm looking to see if I can get there from another page. Okay, try one more thing for me. We're going to type it in manually to the address bar.
sue: Okay.
Jack Waugh: So if you can type in next like n e x t.jots.com J-O-T-P s y c-h.com and then you do slash, and then you would type in practice/subscriptions, and then practice/subscriptions. Yeah. So it's next jot psych.com practice subscriptions.
sue: Okay.
Jack Waugh: And tell me what comes up there.
sue: Oops. Something went wrong. It just says welcome to job site.
sue: To begin experience in the future charting, please log in and create an account.
Jack Waugh: Okay. You could try logging in one more time. If that doesn't work, we can always touch base in a week when you're maybe like around a computer and you've had a little time to use it. And then I can just get you set up with it then.
sue: Okay, so I'm putting in my log information. Session expires. Okay. Now.
Jack Waugh: Okay. Yeah, yeah, that's. So I don't know why it's doing. It should be fine from the mobile, but it might be because with like a couple of logins, you're typically using this from your Mac. Right?
sue: So I'm logged in now. You gotta let me log in. So do I click now?
Jack Waugh: Oh, okay. So now. All right, let's see here. You still. Do you still not see these top options here? Like your practice next to the record button? Actually, you're not. Are you able to share your screen at all?
sue: Yeah, let me see if I can.
Jack Waugh: Yeah, let's see if I can see it from my end.
sue: What button do I click to do that? The Go Chat Settings. And what button do I click to share my screen?
Jack Waugh: It's in our chat window here. Yeah, if you go back into our chat window, you should see like a kind of computer icon with like a little arrow.
sue: Bro, How come I don't see that?
Jack Waugh: Let's see. Are you in the Google Meet link like that? Are you like.
sue: Yeah, I'm in the. Yeah, let me see. What's this? This is for this air plus this is the face. What's this? Gemini is available. What's this? I don't know what that is. So this is the video microphone. What's this on the go chat settings, reviews
Jack Waugh: Here, I'll tell you what I can do.
sue: I raised my hand. I don't know.
Jack Waugh: Okay, that's all right here, I'll. I'll log in on my phone and let's see if we, if I can get it from my phone, give me one second and if not, then, then we can talk because we should meet in a week regardless. So I can check in with you and answer any questions and we can just do a quick follow up and we can always do it. Okay, let's see if I can log in here on my end. Give me one second. Oh, I see, I see. So, okay, you see this menu bar up here?
sue: Okay.
Jack Waugh: You're gonna tap these three and then you're gonna scroll down.
sue: Okay.
Jack Waugh: And then do you see where it says your practice when you scroll down?
sue: Okay, I see it now.
Jack Waugh: Yep, that's where it is. So do me a favor and click that and you see your subscription. So you're going to click that and then you're going to click add payment method.
sue: Okay.
Jack Waugh: Okay. And then it should take you to a little form like this. So once your card is in there, I can approve you for the first month, which is the $20 month.
sue: Okay. Oh, it automatically put my card in. How did that happen?
Jack Waugh: Oh, if you have it saved in your browser, sometimes it.
sue: Wait a minute.
sue: Is that my card number? How can I get my card number so quickly like that? Not even scared that that's not my card number. Let me see what it is account looks like. How do they gain that? I'm scared now.
Jack Waugh: It's sometimes if you have like an old card on autofill, browsers will just do that. That's not really on our end because we can't like see that information anyway.
sue: Okay, so now what do I do?
Jack Waugh: So once it's in there, you just click save payment method.
sue: That little purple button at the bottom and.
Jack Waugh: Did you do that?
sue: Yes.
Jack Waugh: Okay, awesome. So I'll go ahead and prove you for the discount and let's do this. Then let's meet. How about next week and then kind of touch base and just see how everything's working and I can help answer any questions while you're using Jot Psych.
sue: I don't see this.
Jack Waugh: It'll. It'll just take a second. I'll. I have to approve it from my end for it to go through, but you won't be charged full price yet, so.
sue: Okay, when are you going to charge it?
Jack Waugh: So that'll be in two weeks when your trial's over. You'll get charged just for the discount month only.
sue: And then how much will be the discount month? $20.
Jack Waugh: Correct.
sue: Okay, awesome.
Jack Waugh: Well, yeah, Sue, I'm really excited for you to start saving a bunch of time with this. I know it's going to really help you out and yeah, I'm looking forward to hearing how everything goes for you over the next week or so. So let's do this. How is like next Wednesday for you for a follow up?
sue: Yeah, it's fine.
Jack Waugh: Okay, cool. Let me go ahead and just schedule that real quick. And you want to check your email, just make sure that you get that. Same time, like 12:30 Eastern?
sue: Yes.
Jack Waugh: All right, perfect. And do you think between now and then you might get to use this on like five to ten, like, patient encounters?
sue: Probably like four.
Jack Waugh: Four, four is good. I think that's. That's about enough to get an idea and. Yeah, and feel free, like you have my email too. So, like, if any other questions come up, you can just let me know.
sue: Okay.
Jack Waugh: I'm gonna send you an email here.
sue: I just want to make sure it's gonna charge for now.
Jack Waugh: It's. It's not. Yeah, if you're not seeing that, don't worry. It's. It's only gonna charge you $20. You're not gonna be charged in full, so.
sue: Okay.
Jack Waugh: That's not until the following month, but you have like a full 45 days to try it out at the discount, so.
sue: Okay, thank you.
Jack Waugh: I'm confident that when you get to that point, you will be finding it's. It's worth it because it's just going to be helping you save so much time. But again, that's why we do this trial phase, so you can see that for yourself.
sue: Okay, let's see.
Jack Waugh: Cool. All right. Email incoming. Sorry for the delay. There, see? Okay. Oh, I gotta include your phone number. All right. Okay. It should be in your inbox now for a follow up. Next Wednesday, same time. Do you mind checking just to make sure that that went through?
sue: Yes, I'm refreshing my email now.
Jack Waugh: Sure.
sue: There's not here yet.
Jack Waugh: I think it just showed up on my end like just now. It's like a calendly link should say from Jack Wa. And I sent it to sue v. I l meahoo.com.
sue: yeah, it's still coming or something.
Jack Waugh: Let's see.
Jack Waugh: You could try your spam folder just in case it went through there by mistake, but it also might just be.
sue: Not in the spam. Okay.
sue: I think maybe it's just because I'm on the phone. I don't know.
Jack Waugh: Yeah, I mean, I'll. You should check. Check one more time. If it's still not there, I'll just send you. Oh, okay. You got it. Okay, perfect. So if you click yes on that or add. I think if you like click on it, there should be like a yes button. It'll just like put it on your calendar there and then you can join that Google Meet link at that time. Awesome, Sue. Well, yeah, appreciate you taking the time. Any other questions I can answer for today
sue: at this time, but thank you so much for sharing.
sue: Yeah, I am. I hope I hopefully the $20 a month bills properly for now because I will say that's a little bit out of my budget, but I hope my boss can do it for the company, you know.
Jack Waugh: Yeah, absolutely. And we can touch base next week. And you know, if you'd like me to connect with your boss or whatever, you know, I'd be happy to speak with them. If you want to mention that we're meeting at. At Wednesday 12:30 next week.
sue: All right. Thank you so much.
Jack Waugh: All right, sue, thanks. Take care. You too.
sue: Bye.
Jack Waugh: Bye.