Nathan Peereboom: Stuff. Chris, how are you, man?
Christopher Hume: Good. How was the day?
Nathan Peereboom: Oh, it was good. There's a lot of work to do. There's quite a bit of work to do.
Christopher Hume: Better learn billing, buddy, as they say. Better learn ICD10.
Nathan Peereboom: It's exciting, though, as they say.
Nathan Peereboom: As they say. How is. How are you doing over there? How's home base?
Christopher Hume: I feel like I've had such a productive day. I have a few more things I need to call a ship today, some analytics. I'm going to feel real good for the rest of the week.
Nathan Peereboom: Good, good. That's awesome. Well, we've got so much to cook on. Chris, why don't you start out? I glanced through your memo.
Nathan Peereboom: Why don't you just give a quick voice over to everyone else?
Adam Harrison: Okay.
Christopher Hume: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. So, I mean, collect my thoughts here. So the goal for this meeting is to discuss, like, sales, go to market stuff for upselling, billing and eligibility checks to our current customers. I've started to have the FDRs up on that. So I gave them an overview of the presentation. I told them to weave it in informally when relevant. And they've actually begun sourcing meetings just based off, like, informal, like, oh, we have something called John Audit. Oh, we're looking into billing, and they've gotten me probably four meetings, two with clinics, two with B2C people over the past week. And I realized kind of in a position where I'm not fully aware of our capabilities right now just because of the velocity with which we're moving at. And there's definitely a risk that I could, like, turn on the spigot. We get a bunch of meetings, and then we actually can't serve these people. Just like, not a good way to run a railroad. So what I was thinking today, I think probably the most important thing, actually having looked through Adam's notion page for the good of the group, I think it's very important that Adam walks us through that. And then for the good of Chris, I think it's very important so I can walk you through my thoughts. But then I also have, like, a repository of questions where I'm like, what's going on with eligible? Like, how much can we sell eligibility checks? When are we going to start charging people for job audit? How should we be messaging this? How are we trying to ramp up revenue? And it's just hard to do without us all being on the same page. So I'm happy to walk you through my memo, and that's, like, an easy way to structure my stuff. But, Adam, not to put you on hot seat, but I think it's probably best to go through your memo first, because that's more product focused, and then we could do, you know, the fluffy SDR stuff afterward.
Adam Harrison: What makes it fluffy?
Christopher Hume: Chris, there's nothing fluffy about taking credit cards. Slam credit cards. Where are you guys? Are you at a hotel? Are you still at Valcourt? Are you all in different locations that just look vaguely similar? Oh, my God.
Nathan Peereboom: Actually, I'm going to go outside because it's so loud in here, but yeah, Adam, why don't you give us a state of the union on eligibility checks? But before you do, let me go on.
Christopher Hume: Chris. I was going to say what I think might be a good structure is Adam does his. Then I could go through all my questions and then we can go through my structure and plans ahead. I think that'd be the most productive way.
Nathan Peereboom: Before you do, I want to frame up the kind of theory of land and expand here. So we have. We have job site, we have job audit, we have eligibility checks, and then we have billing. Billing is downstream of jot audit and eligibility checks.
Nathan Peereboom: We can get to billing through either one. People can get excited about auditing and say, hey, I want this audit to be, like, put into greater effect by doing billing. Or they can say, you already have my patient data. I might as well bill with you because you're already, like, touching patient stuff. My view is that the. And we have Lean doing migration work, so we're going to be able to more quickly move people into both those. My view is that what we should be doing is an experiment where we basically are offering something free for us but cost. Like, something with a cost to our customers. So basically, like time or patient data, get them in the door for either jot audit or eligible or whatever. Jot ellage. And so the question for Jackson is, when is John Audit ready for prime time? The question for Adam is like, when is eligibility ready for prime time? They're both working on eligibility. But I want you to think, Chris. Okay, I don't ever have to actually sell jot bill unless someone has jot eligibility and jot audit fully running. Because those are, like, easy, like crumbs that we, like, move people through.
Christopher Hume: Yeah, and that's kind of what I was thinking, too, but I just want to flag that.
Christopher Hume: Like, even just like, the cursory stuff we've started, people are chomping at the bit for jot bill. That's a little exaggeration.
Christopher Hume: But, like, there's people like, oh, you're doing. Can we set up a meeting? And so, like, yeah, like, obviously, like, we're not ready to do that, but I just want to be.
Nathan Peereboom: No, we are. We are. If someone is ready to do job build, set them up with a meeting with me. And what I do is I walk into the whole thing and I say, hey, first step of the process is we got. We got to dial in eligibility checks, and we got a dial in jot audit for you.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, it takes a month, you know, because we have to collect all your documents, we have to upload your patient data, but by that time, Jackson is going to have a full RCM software built for us, and so we're going to be able to rock us all. No, no. But all this stuff takes longer than it should.
Christopher Hume: I understand. Yeah, I was getting ahead of us. I just wanted to flag for you that. That stuff early. Adam, let's go through your stuff before I just derail us talking about messaging. Because really the messaging doesn't matter without the product roadmap, so.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, so. So this was like my view as of last night. I think it's sort of evolved a little bit since then after our meeting today and some of our conversations. But let's. Let's go through just the tldr. Sorry, the slightly longer tldr, because this was like a very long memo that if you guys want to like, read in your own time, I think it's going to be like a little too boring to go through all this right now. But the TLTR is. Yeah, it's essentially what Nate said. Like, we have job audit, we have eligibility and we have billing. Eligibility and audit are sort of tip of a spear for billing. I think a few. A few things I want to point out is like, okay, where are we with jot audit? I think Jackson can probably comment on that like, a little bit more. As far as where we are with eligibility, I would say we have a preliminary manual system that works at a decent level. It takes a lot of team capacity between me and Asia and Lee to run that for a given customer. So I think we need to like, constrain.
Christopher Hume: Yeah. Adam, I'm sorry, you talking about eligibility checks or jot bill right now?
Adam Harrison: Eligibility.
Christopher Hume: Okay. Okay.
Adam Harrison: Yeah. We're like capacity constrained to be able to do like, if you. If you set up like five customers with me next week and told me like we were going to do eligibility for all of them, I would not be able to do like anything else that week. So I don't think that is like a situation we want to put ourselves in. I think we're also this week making a decision on if, like, what exactly we're going to do with eligibility checks and if we're going to do the like, high quality, high cost version of that, which is like we make a phone call. Like, we know with a very, very high degree of confidence that like, this patient is 100 good to go, or we do the like, more like kind of base level of eligibility check, which is like what you can get out of the box with most EHRs, and it's probably okay for like, you know, most patients, but doesn't really add a lot of value. From a like billing, downstream billing standpoint. So TLDR is products development work ongoing here, introducing any new pilots here. We want to be like, we want to like limit the number of customers that we're introducing at any given point in time because it is still highly manual and we want to save capacity for like building the system as opposed to executing on it. So I would say no more than like one per week that we're running. And I think we're just going to do like a one week, one week trial at a time for each customer. So. So that's where we are with eligibility as far as billing. We. Yeah, we don't, we don't have anything here to be clear. Like we can do things manually through steady, which is like a separate software, you know, that we're integrating with. We have now two customers signed on. One is, one is Valcor, one is Beverly. Potentially Steven is a third to me in my mind, Like, I do not, I think any future customers at this point for JOT Bill go on a wait list.
Adam Harrison: Like, that would be my strong push because I think we already have like assuming Beverly is like, you know, she signed the contract. That's real Steven, maybe that's another one. Valcourt is like very serious client. We can't mess up. To me, that's like already what we need for this phase one of work, which is like learning, doing things manually, building a system, productizing it. So yeah, my strong proposal would be like, we can sell it as widely as we want, we can take intro calls and then we can just say like, hey, we'll put you on our wait list. Like right now we're just working with a few design partners to like really productize this and we can reach back out. But I see no issues like going to market here and taking interest. But I wouldn't, I, you know, I'm not sure I would even put too many more people into eligibility because it's still highly manual audit. Assuming the quality is there. I would feel a little more comfortable doing that and getting them on the path. But Jackson can maybe like comment on that. But yeah, I don't. From a delivery standpoint, I would probably want to constrain the number of people that we're like introducing at this point.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah, I think Jaw Audit's the definitely the most scalable one and it's certainly down. It's upstream of JOT and Bill. So anyone who's like interested in JOT Bill, I think our talk track is kind of like getting them into JOT audit and getting them to use. That and like, have the rules start to like, improve their notes. Because there does need to be a little bit of like, they're. They have to adjust their template. They have to get their rules right. They have to start feeling like their notes are like, really good. And I think.
Jackson Bierfeldt: I don't know exactly how we want to message it, but there is probably something around like, oh, well, we can only bill for you once you have like, you know, really like audit proof notes. So, like, the first step is for us to like, get that spun up and that's exciting and we'll like, help you do that. I think that's probably the like, way we're leading people into JOT bill. So kind of like a wait list but with a like active. Hey, we can like start getting everything dialed in and prepped up using JWT audit up till then, eligibility checks. Oh, sorry, go ahead.
Christopher Hume: Yeah, so one of my questions was like, what that I had for later is like, what is going on with JOT audit? Like, how are we, like, what are we doing to people that we turn pair aware notes on for? Like, are we just like, so sorry, it's not pairware notes.
Jackson Bierfeldt: No, no, I know, I know.
Christopher Hume: Yeah, I know. But like, we turned it on for people. So, like, are we going to start charging people now? Are those prices locked down? What's going to happen now? Yeah, that we've like subsumed payer aware notes into notes. Notes. Like, what happens?
Jackson Bierfeldt: I don't know when we're going to start charging people for it. I think we just get them onto JOT audit and then they start seeing their note being audited and then hopefully that either if they have like a bad template, we just say, oh, we'll take one of the payer aware templates and like fork that one and start customizing it. Because everyone has access to the pair of Aware templates now. It's like go into the template library and there's four of them and then hopefully they just like start customizing their template and their rule set around. Around that. But yeah, we need to figure, we need to start rolling out JW audit. And that's what I'm working with Becca to do to like start scaling that out to people.
Christopher Hume: And then is that going to be the value we offer? Like, is like. So Nate was alluding to, like, hey, we like bring people in, we offer them value, whether it's, we're going to give you 53 eligibility checks, but then what we get in return is access to their patient data. Data. Jesus. What do you guys kind of see as like the quid pro quo, to use a loaded phrase here. Like, what are we getting in return for turning on audit? If we're not charging them yet,
Nathan Peereboom: we are chart RCM is going to be its own bundle, so there should be a price associated with it eventually. But I think what we're getting right now is their payer docs. So what we would like to collect from them is, hey, we want all your payer docs and that'll like make jot audit better. And that's like the thing that like allows us to have a billing advantage when the time comes for.
Christopher Hume: So completely understand. This is really helpful because I wasn't really see. Yeah, this is very, very helpful. But when do we, like, what are we going to do for people that we turn it on and, like, presumably the bundle will be ready in a week, a week and a half. I'm not super locked in right now. Is it like, oh, you came on early. As long as you convert to jot bill, you're good? Or like, hey, like, we can give, you know, like, how do we message this? Because I don't even know, like, what's the pricing timeline.
Nathan Peereboom: Right now? John Audit is effectively still in beta. So I don't think that we're. I don't have a good answer for you on the pricing yet, Chris. I think that that's something that we, like, I actually am just not sure how it all zippers together. It kind of has to do with, like, it's a balance between, like, how quickly we actually ship bundling, how much traction we actually get with jot audit with, like, the small group that has it now. And, like, those two, like, countervailing forces are gonna kind of. Or those two forces, countervailing and otherwise, are going to determine the. The pricing situation. But I don't have a good answer.
Christopher Hume: Okay, then just flagging it is like, that's something that. Yeah, okay, Put a pin in it. We can come back to this later when we dive more deeply into kind of go to market stuff. I feel like I kind of grabbed whatever you were doing and then pushed it to Jackson, and then we completely derailed it. Did you have more to add there about kind of, like, progress ahead?
Adam Harrison: Sorry, you're talking to me, Chris.
Christopher Hume: Yeah, yeah, yeah. I just feel like you kind of got derailed walking through your grand plan.
Adam Harrison: No, no, no. I think that those are kind of the main things I wanted to. I guess, you know. Nate, does that all sound good to you in terms of, like, we kind of focus on the current people we have maybe selectively take a few more if they're like, right in our icp. But I. I don't want to. I. I want to, like, preserve some capacity because once we commit to, like, doing job, build for someone, like, we have to, like, execute on that.
Christopher Hume: We just.
Adam Harrison: And that is gonna, like, take up bandwidth that we're, like, limited on right now.
Adam Harrison: I think high execution bar.
Nathan Peereboom: I think I want to take every single call with somebody who's interested in shop bill. I think that I have. I think I can, like, stretch it out long enough to give Jackson and the rest of the engineers time. Engineering is obviously like the constraint here, and I think, given the interest, we might want to pull someone from the core engineering team into this. I am sort of inclined to like, like with eligibility checks, for example, just to like, run them at a loss because it, I mean, wait, do we have like 100% conversion from eligibility checks in a job bill right now? If anyone who's done eligibility checks, who we haven't gotten in the
Adam Harrison: job bill, Allison kind of has gone a little bit dark. I've been following up with her.
Adam Harrison: I think the issue with eligibility checks is it's still very time consuming because, like, I'm doing it one by one and steady. Asia's calling. We're QCing. We're also, like, not sure yet to our earlier conversation if this is going to be like a long term strategy for us. So I'm kind of like, Nate, if you gave me like, Stephen next week plus one or two more, like, I feel like that kind of like my capacity is shot for the week, so I'm like trying to protect some of that as well. I would almost prefer we like, lean a little bit more on drop audit where I think we're getting like, docs, which are going to be a long term asset for us. And it's, I assume, a little more lightweight to set up. The eligibility, I think is still good to run, but I feel like it's kind of like one per week that I would feel comfortable doing at any given, like, point in time just to make sure we have time to deliver a deval cord, you know, kind of like do the marketing activities we want to do and everything else.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, that's fine. Yeah, that. That makes sense. Okay, understood.
Adam Harrison: And. And I think there is something we can maybe do here about like, creating a little bit of exclusivity around this. Like, hey, we're like, there's, you know, we'll set you up with a call with our CEO. We're like, we already have commitments through, like, Q1, you know, because there's so much interest and we're on like a wait list and there's maybe like, you know, we want to pick the right partners to work with. So there's like an application process. Like, we can, we can sort of create some hype and exclusivity around it. And I think we have like, the opportunity to do that now because we do have like Valcor and others who are gonna kind of serve this phase one of the initial scoping and manual work. So I don't know, maybe Chris, as you reflect on, like, go to market, that could be an element to play with some like, scarcity value.
Christopher Hume: Yeah, I think it might make sense to just walk through this really quick. Just. I'm the captain now, but I think the thing I just want to sort of flag is that there's. Just. To be frank, Nate, I know at one point we were looking at the whole strategy for 2026. Six. And the idea was, okay, maybe we focus it like the back end of the funnel and upselling current customers. And that takes a lot of pressure off of the top of funnel. But just like, given what it sounds like some of the product constraints are, I think, like, we could set this up. We could start getting the meetings rolling. I actually don't want to jinx it, but I don't think that's going to be that hard of a task. And then, like, I will probably have to shift, like, all focus back onto top of funnel if we're only going to be like. Only is like a bad way to put it because, like, Valcor could be whatever, 10,000 mrr. But if we're only able to add a few customers a week, I think we just want to be like, we're going to have to turn back the top of funnel to keep growth going while we finalize everything. But that just seems like a year and like a little different from what we were the mentality a couple of weeks ago. And so I just want to, like, flag it.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, yeah, Chris, That's super helpful to hear. I think that before you abandon this project as like, something of stable growth, let us do a little calibration on, like, what's happening with digital ads.
Nathan Peereboom: Let me see how much capacity we have on the engineering team to augment Jackson as we try and scramble through this. Because it might be the kind of thing where it's like, hey, we're like a week or two weeks from having, like, scalable eligibility, and then all of a sudden we can just sell eligibility.
Christopher Hume: You know, so there's. Or maybe it's. It's John Audit and we just like, really churn that up. It sounds like maybe that's a little closer. I wasn't thinking that, but let me walk you through what I'm thinking here and then kind of go from there. Okay. So kind of to line up with Adam's. I think you had three phases, Adam. I wasn't, you know, tracking everything up exactly, but wanted to make sure that these were somewhat in line. I think what makes sense is the next whatever, however many weeks we do like a bespoke reach out identified like some customers that I think could be good for eligibility checks. They're either owners of a small practice or they have. They're on an mso. And so I think those are like the two people that. It's like, not huge risk, but like, we could really up NCV here or. Excuse me, mrr. So kind of how I was thinking is that these first few weeks, we just hit all 200 of these people. We create some sort of see how many we can get. Yeah. So, like, it's a two pronged thing. One, it's like a fact finding mission. So you want to get, like, pain points, hooks, and values that work. And it's just like an opportunity for us to figure out what resonates with people and be pretty scientific about moving forward, how we message and how we try and bring people in. And then the call to action, as Adam sort of alluded to, is we're like, Holy shit. I think you could be perfect for us. I think this would be great. We'd love to get you up and running. Let's meet with our. Get you set up with our CEO if they hit certain to be determined attributes. Otherwise, it's like, hey, this is going to be rolling out in the product soon. We're going to add you to our wait list. And, Adam, we can use all that kind of messaging that you described in terms like, it's exclusive. We already have so much interest. We think it'd be a great fit, but maybe next quarter, whatever. So that's calls the current customers. Then we get them into an intro call with Nate, you, or Adam, you. So we do that. We collect all the required information. Another opportunity is to figure out, like, okay, are they someone we want to try and get onto JOT Bill now, or are they someone we want to try and get on Jotbil in three months? So then we again go, we do the eligibility checks, and then we either move them to the job bill waitlist or start JOT bill with them. But this is, like, super, super bespoke. So, like, it's going to be a trickle. We're going to have complete control. Adam, when you get sort of overwhelmed, we just go, all right, SDRs. No more calls. Don't bring it up. Don't offer it to anyone. And we can turn it off immediately. And we're getting a lot of data out of them. So that's kind of what I see, the first step here.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah, I would just say that even if we're, like, getting overwhelmed with eligibility, we probably want to get people into JOT audit.
Christopher Hume: You know, like, that's something I wasn't sure I think you're gonna see. It's one of my questions. What is do we want to do? We want to just call people to turn on JOT audit? I wasn't sure, like, where that stood in terms of product or how we were breaking it out. So that's definitely going to adjust this.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah, I think it goes, like, in tandem with the wait lists, you know? Yeah, it's like, oh, yeah, JOT Bill. We're, like, getting ready to do it, but you should start using our job audit system.
Christopher Hume: So, Adam, what Adam asked is, do we want to wait until we have the. The bundle ready? Yeah, I mean, it just completely depends on how we want to message it. We could be like, hey, we're offering it to you for free next month. This is. It's going to be out of beta. It'll probably be an extra cost. I don't, I, I don't really know what the timeline is, and I think we're still nailing down price. That's a really good question, Adam. We don't need to go through any more crazy stuff here. I think it's just like we start bespoke, we find out what works, and then phase two, we scale it up a little bit. We do automated emails and texts with that messaging to turn it even higher, we can send it to basically everyone in the customer base. And then phase three, once it's fully productized, we do another round of automated outreach and we turn the SDRs onto all of our high value customers and we just see how many people we can get in the door. It's explained in a little more detail in the map. Memo. But I think probably reading one memo in a 30 Adam
Adam Harrison: and maybe one like, simplifying thing here is I'm wondering if we maybe just like when we go to potential customers, we actually lead with Jotbil. Because, like, I think what we're trying to do is like build pipeline for Jotbuild in QC Q3, Q4. Yeah. And then if it's like, hey, do you. Would you want support with your billing? Like, we have a bunch of different tools from eligibility checks to like payerware notes to actually like full service billing. It's like, you know, if that's of interest of you, we can hop on a 30 minute call and then in the call we just figure out like the right routing.
Adam Harrison: It's like, oh, this is a waitlist person. Oh, this is a, you know, get them in now for job audit. You know, this is a quick eligibility pilot because they care about that.
Adam Harrison: And yeah, I wonder if we were just like a little more jot bill forward in the initial pitch. I mean, I guess sometimes maybe if you're talking to the front desk, you might have to like lead with eligibility because they do that and it's sort of the right hook. But I think ultimately what we want here is we want to get like 50 customers on job bill at the end of the year. And this is like, maybe we just go directly for the jugular. Yeah.
Christopher Hume: Yes.
Adam Harrison: That we just don't. Yeah, we just don't over commit on timeline.
Christopher Hume: Um, yeah, I mean, that would work for me. And that's kind of what the sale sales team has been doing so far. Just kind of casually mentioning it and setting up meetings. Um, so I don't know. Nate Jackson. Nate, I see you're unmuted here.
Nathan Peereboom: Here's my reaction to this. We want to make it really, really simple what the vision is for customers. Because if we just keep piecemealing it, it doesn't all like, fit together with like a main message. And so I actually, I really agree with what Adam is saying, which is. Yeah, let's just say, you know, it's a whole suite of like AI driven, you know, whatever. The whole like, bit about what job bill is, hey, we're taking introductory meetings. There's a backlog, so there's no pressure. And then when we have that meeting. Yeah, I totally agree. Like, we just figure out like, what's the angle that they're like the highest appetite for and then we plug them into that part and we'll be able to keep track of people and like, kind of nurture them along. But the sooner we get them in the job build top of funnel, the sooner the revenue hit, even if it's like four months down the line, because it really is a longer sale. So I have. If I could have it my way, I'd be like, hey, let's call everyone in the, you know, in the. In the customer base. Let me pitch jot bill to. Every single person will hear it. Let me, like, sandbag until we're able to actually deliver it. But, like, let's get that pipe, like, nice and thick and, like, just get the revenue as fast as possible. So my preference is fill my calendar with job build pitches.
Christopher Hume: Oh, yeah. Could we spend. May we just run through these questions? I want to be respectful of time here, but I know no one's going home, so it's all good. Yeah. And I'm already home.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay.
Christopher Hume: So our eligibility check, capacity. Adam, you answered that. Thank you. When will be turning bundles on? Like, Nate, I am in a world of hurt when I'm having these B2B calls because people are asking about features and pricing. And I know if we set someone up on a pilot, there's gonna be new pricing at the end of the pilot. So, like, how much is gonna cost the end of the pirate pilot? And it's just tough. It's tough. I'm like, oh, well, it's $100 per person. But I think having an actual answer for when we're gonna be able to turn that stuff on. I know you said you're not ready for it now, but just flagging that is actually a challenge in the sales process.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay. Yeah. The reality is that we're blocked by. The engineers, are still finishing it, and we have to do some testing to see what the actual, like, precise numbers are that we put around it, so. No, I understand. And that's going to require some A B testing. So what I would say is anyone that you're in a pilot right now with shouldn't have to worry about changing pricing. Like, they're probably going to enter the new world with the pricing as is probably, like, the month after. Okay.
Nathan Peereboom: Switch to pricing.
Christopher Hume: Okay.
Nathan Peereboom: But it would be, like, the second month of their subscription. So the way that I would frame it to them is, hey, the second month of your subscription, there's probably going to be separate, like, different pricing. We can cross that bridge and then just remind them the pricing is designed to better fit what you actually use in the software. So that may get cheaper for you, it may get more expensive, but it is designed to give you, like. Like a tighter fit between what you use and the price.
Christopher Hume: I just. It might be a little risky to bring up to say it might get more expensive to people.
Nathan Peereboom: And we're trying to sell.
Christopher Hume: I think we. If it's. If they have at least a month, we might just want to let it ride and kind of deal with the pushback. When we deal with the pushback.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay.
Christopher Hume: Having pair aware notes, those are just templates now that are going to be available to everyone when we turn job audit on for them. Is that true? Or everyone's going to have payroll wear notes. How is this working? Sorry, I sound. I'm just going aggressively.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Say the question one more time. Chris. I was doing something else.
Christopher Hume: I'm hurt, but that's okay. Pairware notes. You said everyone has the template.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Everyone has the template, yeah.
Christopher Hume: Then what does. Turning on jot. Audit dot.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Audit will audit whatever. Note.
Christopher Hume: You have the bar on the right hand side.
Jackson Bierfeldt: It's the bar on the right hand side. And your practice administrator can view all the data.
Christopher Hume: What about the. What about the blue bubbles?
Jackson Bierfeldt: Oh, those are gone.
Christopher Hume: No.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Okay.
Christopher Hume: All good. Okay, so now I want to talk like, That's my understanding, Adam, as I understood, but that's a good question. Under new bundles. So we're not charging for the payer aware notes, but we are charging for jot audit to confirm with everyone.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah. The pair Aware notes are just note templates. Honestly, I mean, this is another thing we not to add on to this. It's not a bundling thing, but, like, at some point we need to go through our base templates.
Christopher Hume: Yeah.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Like, the templates that we have are not good. And like, the payer aware ones should just kind of be the one we give people. There's like, a little work to be done in there. I mean, they're not branded as payer aware notes. They're just branded as, like, templates that have CPT codes in the title of the template to kind of like, hint at the fact that, you know, they're for people who are, like, billing aware. So that's like a whole semantic branch of software that I think we could explore and rework and like, rename. But pair Aware note as like, a separate category, feature bundle, whatever. Totally gone. Like, there's. Okay, it's just audit or not. And it's something that applies to. You could have a template that is just HPI and if you have JA on, it'll audit that template, that note.
Christopher Hume: Perfect. Okay. I think that's all the product stuff I had to ask now. Just talking like, nuts and bolts for the next, like, two weeks. Nate. So you want me to just destroy your calendar, which is my pleasure. So what I was thinking and how I was kind of viewing this to, you know, I think calling customers, even when we're offering them a lot of value is something I want to be a little careful about. So that's interesting, Adam, that you're thinking, so we don't have so many of those inside our customer base. What I was thinking for the inside selling to our existing customers. Okay, so was thinking of calling 200 people sort of in the Steven and I would assume Beverly Lane, where it's people who either partially have an MSO and then I would assume have their own client base or have a small practice that they're in charge of or both. So it's like as we're testing this out and testing out the value and the hook, we kind of get that data from them over the next two week or two, because there's only 200 in our user base who kind of fit these requirements. So what I would think is maybe next week we have the SDRs. Just burn through all of that, see how many meetings they can book for you, Nate, and then use that. Data to craft like better messaging, more tight messaging on going up for some bigger fish. Adam, guessing you disagree with me.
Adam Harrison: Well, yeah, I'm curious because I think we should have kind of the debate. I think it's the right question, Chris. I think as we go through the next several weeks here, we're going to find that the requirements and how we operationalize the actual service part of it for someone like Beverly and Steven, who are solo clinicians, don't have a front desk, don't have any sophistication around, you know, eligibility screening intakes, don't have a billing department, you know, don't really have any idea what's going on financially with their business are going to be very different than the job audit. Excuse me, JOT Bill product and service that we build for someone like Valcor, which I think is going to be like just more bells and whistles and built for like multi person, multi provider admin roles, you know, supervisor roles, like clinician roles, etc. My sense is for JOT Bill we're probably what we would rather have if we have the choice of like 10 clinics that are 20 people each versus like 100 clinics that are 2 people each. I think our strong preference would be for like the 10 clinics because it's going to be like just less operationally complex for us to manage probably higher retention and yeah, all that stuff. I just think like to offer like a full service thing, you want a clinic that got that has some like serious volume behind it and we can like service our like cost of servicing those relative to the revenue that we're getting is going to be much better at larger clinics. But yeah, I'm curious like Nate, Jackson, Chris, how you guys are thinking about it. But that's like my early hypothesis
Christopher Hume: just to jump in before Nate and Jackson. Sorry. I think just the one point here is not disagreeing that that's like a much better target. I just wonder if when like crafting our message it's much lower risk to like work out the kinks on like frankly pretty low risk customers and then if they get in a meeting with Nate and Nate's like oh shit like this. We can't have all these like individual people. We just put them on the wait list and it just gives us an opportunity to craft our message. Buys a little time. But certainly open to other to your perspective, Adam?
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah, I think we need to buy some time so while we develop. Like, I wouldn't go to my psychiatrist right now and be like, hey, do you guys want to do a dot bill thing?
Christopher Hume: You know, and, and also not to just like make work, but I, I think also there's no real, I think for our big customers like that there's not really actually go to market. It's just, it would be almost disrespectful to have an SDR call my psychiatrist. Right.
Jackson Bierfeldt: We just have 100%, Nate.
Christopher Hume: Yeah.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, Very fair. I. I just think though, like, as a future state, like end state, we might want to have some thresholds for like minimum practice size or like billing volume threshold for us if we're going to do the like service version of job bill. Because, you know, I think if we had like 100 Beverly's, that would be far worse than like five Valcors.
Nathan Peereboom: I think right now we shouldn't be picky. Yeah.
Adam Harrison: Because.
Nathan Peereboom: Because the other thing is a lot of like what we're enabling is account expansion or like, like employee expansion. So eventually you're right. But I think that that's like as we move up in market right now, having small surface area, limited number of providers, small volume, get everything right and then scaling it is what we want to do. So I, we're like probably six to 12 months from having a threshold on billing.
Christopher Hume: Okay, this is really helpful, everyone. I know we've gone over, so just like to wrap up next steps. What I'm going to do is rework the process I have built for the SDRs. Based off the feedback you all shared today, kind of targeting JWT audit potentially is even more tip of the spear as opposed to eligibility checks. I'll get that tightened up hopefully tomorrow, but maybe Thursday during the next deep work day, send it to all you guys for review and feedback. And then as long as all things look good, we can kick the SDRs off with that new list on Monday. We can probably burn through the whole thing and have some pretty good data and pipeline built. Yeah, awesome.
Nathan Peereboom: That was.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Thanks, Chris. Yeah, great. I just want to give you kudos on the layout of the eraser board. Sorry, not the layout of it, but just like the clarity of the phases in the plan.
Jackson Bierfeldt: That's exactly the kind of thing I need to see in order to like grok what's going on.
Christopher Hume: I've learned from the best. I've learned from the best. Cool. Yeah, we have some other go to market stuff, but we don't have to discuss it now. So Adam and Nate, we can probably have a conversation next week. About top of funnel and trying to create. Crack that. I have a ton of thoughts, but probably let's keep the surface area small for tonight.
Jackson Bierfeldt: All right.
Nathan Peereboom: Great stuff.
Nathan Peereboom: Thanks a million, Chris.
Christopher Hume: Thanks, guys. Bye.