Adam Harrison: Hi Beverly.
Beverly Curtis: Hello. Hi.
Adam Harrison: No problem at all how are you?
Beverly Curtis: I'm all right how are you doing?
Adam Harrison: Not too bad yeah how's your week been?
Beverly Curtis: It's been wild it's just a wild week.
Adam Harrison: What's what's happening?
Beverly Curtis: Well I just a lot of ins and outs a lot of you know. Some doc docs that you know they schedule. They can schedule within hours notice so they schedule and then they know shall. All within that hour. So just as I get all their information in wherever I need to put it. They've no showed or they they've rescheduled that's what they do they reschedule a lot. So so that's just hard to keep up with and I try not to let it bother me because you know. When I worked in pediatrics I had a set schedule that rarely changed you know if someone moved somebody three weeks from then it was a big deal you know. No it's three minutes you know it's a little hard to keep up that way and I'm sorting through my therapy notes or not therapy notes my headway and all my billings. So I'm trying to solidify those move people over that sort of thing. Whoever I can so I know you haven't seen a lot of billings come through but I'm in the process so I hope by April 1. You know I've got everybody sorted. I really want to draw Palma and headway as soon as I can. And and not be working in those avenues anymore. So my goal is April 1 so I had hoped that it would be like March 15th but it just didn't quite happen
Adam Harrison: so yeah well that's okay April 1st still is great you know and that would be exciting if if we can get you there and yeah, I'm sorry about Zocdoc that is. I wonder if that's a common thing that a lot of providers.
Beverly Curtis: Are I think so I I've been on some message boards and you know different community chats and things a lot of people talk about that apparently clarity is worse so that's good to know apparent people just say yeah I drop them in three weeks you know so but anyway. You know it is what it is and you have to sort of just flow with it you just sort of have to you know take a deep breath and keep rolling you know because you know there's still five or six new patients that I keep you know each week and I can even open up for more. So I'm happy with the way it is. I think it's the best sort of you know source of getting patients headway and Alma or terribly slow. You know I mean I did get I think three new headways in the last six weeks six weeks or so but that's you know not you know a steady growth pattern necessarily versus sock doc. So okay. Two or three inquiries from Maryland and I'm like oh yes you know I'll take you and then I never even thought about not being
Adam Harrison: yeah let me check your let's let's start with that because I saw you sent an email with some questions let's maybe I don't know if the top of my head because I know there's like a very long the dashboard is quite extensive for your credentialing because they have done. A lot of things for you but let me go ahead and check the. Dashboard from Amy. For Maryland.
Beverly Curtis: Did Amy send you Maryland things April was working on Maryland but I don't have a handle on it at all.
Adam Harrison: I'm unclear. Well let me I'll share my screen because I think it would probably all be in this dashboard right. This one here that they.
Beverly Curtis: Does this look familiar do they oh yeah but I have you know I think that's all Pennsylvania but I don't oh it's all Pennsylvania is sharing it it's all Pennsylvania. Okay.
Adam Harrison: That that's my understanding anyway let's just see if it's might be in here. Do you know what the payer was Cigna? Oh signal that's right. Just make sure there's not multiple sigmas in here sometimes it can have a different name. So let's see here.
Beverly Curtis: You're doing better on the dashboard than I've done so that's good.
Adam Harrison: Yeah I guess this is but this is all Pennsylvania is what you're saying it doesn't show a state anywhere here
Beverly Curtis: and so I think April has to do the Maryland one and I asked them to just sort of differentiate the dashboard between Maryland and Pennsylvania and I don't know that that. I can't tell that that's been done let's just say that
Adam Harrison: yeah it's hard to tell from this table because it doesn't. Show the state here. At least for Cigna.
Beverly Curtis: Do you think that's why it said. When I went to. Put the claim in it said claim. Not. Can I create a claim?
Adam Harrison: I think that's probably some other issue unfortunately so we'll have to look at that okay I wish it was all one one thing but there's probably like multiple multiple things going on here. So. Yeah in terms of checking on Cigna. It might be something you just have to check in with cap on okay because I'm not sure based on the dashboard here.
Beverly Curtis: Okay you're can you go can you advance it? That's one of five of seven.
Adam Harrison: Can you oh there's another page oh there's another page. So looks like this one they stopped for PPO. But they completed for this one so I don't maybe it's a different state I don't know
Beverly Curtis: well so what happened was I wanted them to credentialing credential me in West Virginia as well. At one point but I stopped that because. You know we had discussed it but I wasn't ready to take on a third state at the moment. So apparently they had already started all these applications for West Virginia I didn't realize how far along they were. But they stopped them all so if you see that it said provider requested. You know. Yeah we stopped the work as per client's instructions. So that must have been a West Virginia one.
Adam Harrison: So yeah.
Beverly Curtis: Got it okay those and those are West Virginia ones so that makes me think maybe Maryland is in this somewhere somewhere yeah
Adam Harrison: and it's just we can't tell because it could because I see Cigna PPO here. And Cigna PPO also here.
Beverly Curtis: Now they did Maryland later.
Adam Harrison: So maybe. Because this says they submitted February. And this is back in November all right. So I don't know you know do you want me to just email Amy and copy you and see if we can get her to. Get her to clarify yeah that'd be fine okay all right let's do that. So okay yeah I think that it's just unclear based on this report. Unfortunately. Let's talk about the other issue that you had with the. Claim generation D mine showing me what that what that looked like for you.
Beverly Curtis: Yeah. I want to share the wrong one somehow. Okay can you see that.
Adam Harrison: Yeah okay.
Beverly Curtis: Whoops. Let's see oh here we go. Okay can you what are you saying.
Adam Harrison: You can see that I see your thing so it's gonna okay see create claim. And creating. So last time you did this it was showing an
Beverly Curtis: error I got an error message twice yeah unable to create.
Adam Harrison: Interesting okay well that is something I will still flag. It's always it's always when you know you're showing it that it's it either works or doesn't work depending what's the opposite
Beverly Curtis: hey I'm happy that's okay it may have been you know we've had some really bad weather and the internet has been. You know spotty I'll say that I haven't had that much trouble but it's been in and out you know okay a lot of my patients on Saturday had no power at all. And you know. They. Were you know texting me they couldn't get on anywhere because it didn't have any power and they're, you know, so I don't know. If it's just been bad. But oh okay so this is the problem though license number question right yes this is the problem.
Adam Harrison: Because he's a Maryland signal patient yeah.
Beverly Curtis: So we just submitted a claim with the Pennsylvania license that should be my Maryland license.
Adam Harrison: Okay. Where did you go to get the license in there in the first place do you
Beverly Curtis: remember it just it just populated I have no
Adam Harrison: idea you have a license number for each state and you need that to show up for each one and an npi yeah.
Beverly Curtis: And.
Adam Harrison: Yeah it should be the same right no
Beverly Curtis: no NPI is related to location. Oh no that's not right let's see here. Oh no I mistaken I'm sorry the EA is located is related to location NPI is the same you're correct.
Adam Harrison: Okay but license you would have you have a different license number for Maryland yes do you know what that number is off the top of your head? Because if you can write it down I can see if we can have our team loaded into the system. For this note.
Beverly Curtis: Yeah it's R as in red. 263789.
Adam Harrison: Okay okay yeah.
Beverly Curtis: Three seven eight nine r two six three seven eight nine yeah.
Adam Harrison: Okay and that is your that's like across all payers that's the same or is that specific
Beverly Curtis: no that no that's that's my Maryland license Maryland yeah okay okay okay
Adam Harrison: and then you want that in your signature.
Beverly Curtis: Right then yeah. I have a few other Maryland numbers. But they would be more related to prescribing those to back up. I would I would need to check with her I guess okay got it got it okay.
Adam Harrison: All right well I think for Arjun number one we should check with Amy if your credentialed I sent her an email you know we'll call her if needed sometimes she doesn't always reply here I'll just need to talk to Jackson about how I think this is more of a. Technical setup thing where we need different license numbers. And that you can toggle between I also wonder do you need your license number in the signature. Or is you know is that maybe optional?
Beverly Curtis: It has to be on the claim.
Adam Harrison: Okay.
Beverly Curtis: So I would think so.
Adam Harrison: Okay got it. Okay that sounds good I'll need to just take this back and come back to you Beverly but thank you for walking me through I think I have all the information I need here to.
Beverly Curtis: To.
Adam Harrison: Get this resolved.
Beverly Curtis: Okay. Do you have other things on your agenda.
Adam Harrison: Yeah I just wanted to maybe quickly go through the claims that I haven't at least my queue right now. I only submitted the ones. That were kind of like ready for your like that you had sort of signed off on I think just while we're in the like beginning stages here it's probably good for us to just kind of review things together before they go out. And then afterwards you know we can just be submitting things more more passively
Beverly Curtis: okay could I answer just a few questions yeah yeah how do I do this unlock talk audit I tried
Adam Harrison: and it oh yeah I'm going to turn that on for your account so don't don't worry about that yeah let me do that now actually before I. Forget. But yes I'll turn that on.
Beverly Curtis: And then. I don't mean to complain but I'm still having a record issue that is just really hard.
Adam Harrison: So what do you mean by report.
Beverly Curtis: Record. Yeah Becca had given me another way to record or she changed something and put in a I don't know it was like something you were rolling out a beta. Record or some sort it's just really hard.
Adam Harrison: What is difficult about it?
Beverly Curtis: Okay. Well okay. If I go to the schedule and record from the schedule. Let's see. It's not as bad if I hit start recording. Come up here okay here we go. Okay you see how that came in and said start recording. Yeah sometimes that doesn't show up.
Adam Harrison: So it's just empty sometimes yep.
Adam Harrison: Okay and then what and then you don't know and then there's like what do I what do I do
Beverly Curtis: right so then I go out I go back to patient I enter the patient in and then try to hit record again. It's like four or five time tries before I can get it to come up. This time it came up quite nicely sometimes I'll see this microphone. But this area is blank.
Adam Harrison: And it's just empty yeah it's just empty.
Beverly Curtis: And it's like four or five tries before I can get the record working. And you know and there's certain you know there's different ways to do this too you know. If I go back to if I enter in here. Okay. Maybe. We'll do Kayla. So I can do record now here. That one came up it just occasionally it just doesn't come up. And so I probably had. I don't know I really struggled with it yesterday you know four or five times when it was multiple attempts before I could get it to start. So it's just not smooth. And then of course there's that.
Adam Harrison: Whole.
Beverly Curtis: I did get a notice that if I'm recording and I go. Off the page so now okay now recording patient but if I go back. I want to look at the note. Last encounter and if I go back and look at that I got to notice that it could end the recording.
Adam Harrison: Which.
Beverly Curtis: You know. So I'm still struggling. And you know okay.
Adam Harrison: Well I will kind of just like note all these and send it to Becca so she has if she's the one who's a little bit closer to the details on how this works. So but I think I will write this all up for her and make sure that. And have a chat with her to kind of go through your concerns here.
Beverly Curtis: Okay. All right and then let me ask another question do I need. The billing is not associated with the schedule correct you're not gonna we're not billing from the schedule the schedule is just for my own. Help edification yeah exactly. One last thing. When so I had set this at one point for the patients to receive a reminder. But the reminder that they're getting. Doesn't go anywhere. They're telling me when they click on the reminder to accept that they're coming to the appointment they get an error message.
Adam Harrison: Who gets an error the patient the patient. So they click like confirm appointment and then they get an error.
Beverly Curtis: Yeah. Multiple people have told me that. From this. Yeah. And then the other confusing thing is they are thinking that's a link for the appointment. Oh they think it's like the meeting link yeah and so they're clicking on it over and over and then I'm getting this you know frantic text that they can't join the appointment. So I've had to sort of. Shut off the reminders from jot psych because people are totally confusing them with meeting links and then error messages. And people telling me they can't connect and and so I had not had that set up and then I set it up. Thinking oh this will be just another reminder of an appointment. You know I already have that in therapy notes but I just thought. That has not been great.
Adam Harrison: Okay okay I will. Yeah I will also include that.
Beverly Curtis: All right best for all my concerns for today.
Adam Harrison: Okay no these are all very helpful and yeah sorry this has been problematic yeah
Beverly Curtis: it's been a week of I can't connect this link isn't working I'm like where's the link from they say jot psych I said that's not the link you know it's the preappointment reminder well it just says error. And.
Adam Harrison: Yeah it's like everything everything going off the rails at once. Yeah okay.
Beverly Curtis: All right well I'm still a believer
Adam Harrison: yes well thank you yeah well we'll make sure the team is right on top of all these things and get it get it fixed up for you okay. Let's maybe just spend a couple minutes I may send you an email with some of this instead but I did want to go over a few things with you just the status of the current claims that I have in my kind of queue. So. These are these are every this is everything that I kind of have in here right now. And yeah I wanted to just kind of go through okay. Does this book correct to you?
Beverly Curtis: Probably yeah I'm just looking at the list that says fix errors
Adam Harrison: okay yeah these are mostly things all need to probably fix but you know for example I just have to put in a charge amount so these are not actually errors that you need to worry about it's more. It's more just errors that I need to fix but yeah so I wouldn't worry about that but I think one thing I wanted to ask you was if you is there like a global fee schedule that you already have that you want us to use. In from like therapy notes or something like that. Or do you prefer we just kind of like set that up ourselves for you in terms of what you're billing for each CPT code.
Adam Harrison: I mean a dollar figure is that what you're the dollar figure for each CPT a lot of times people will look at their payer contracts and take like whatever the highest amount is for like a 99214 and then they bill that plus a small extra amount. The payers are only going to pay what they're going to pay. So, you know, you can kind of put as big a number as you want in there and they'll just pay you the contracted rate. But I did want to just check if you know you wanted us to set that up for you or if you already had like a fee schedule that you wanted us to use.
Beverly Curtis: I have a fee schedule. I can send that to you.
Adam Harrison: Okay and I'm not sure that let me check if we already have it on file. I don't think you do. And if it's in therapy notes we could probably grab it from there. But if you have something that's like a document that works like just as well.
Beverly Curtis: Yeah, I'll send you a document. Okay. So that's I don't have it in therapy notes because I didn't build through therapy notes. I had a self pay level in there. But not one for billers, not one for insurers. So. Got it.
Adam Harrison: Okay well I think what I will do today is once I get the if you can send me the fee schedule today I will go ahead and kind of. Load up all these claims and make sure they're ready to go out. I think some of these. Payers. Like I think some of them. The credentialing may not be complete quite yet. I have to check again with Amy's dashboard. But I think just what I'll plan to do is. Kind of get all your. Fee schedules loaded up in here. Get the claims kind of finalized and then all sort of like just confirm before I send out any last outstanding questions we have in case there's any. But I think I'll plan to like submit all these today. Assuming you have kind of the fee schedule handy. Okay.
Beverly Curtis: One thing that I could not tell was. How to find the copay.
Adam Harrison: On George Saint yeah let's go through that so do you mind going to the patients tab. And then go ahead and click on someone you want to look at for the copay. And then you're going to go to billing on the. Exactly. And then you'll just click that arrow.
Beverly Curtis: Whatever like this arrow.
Adam Harrison: Yep. And that is going to run an eligibility check on them. And it looks like this one.
Beverly Curtis: Did I not put her insurance in? I didn't know that oh you know what? Sorry. She says right there Melinda Headway billing how do we okay so this probably has her name.
Adam Harrison: It's not looking up her name correctly.
Beverly Curtis: Well no she's headway billing. So we yeah that makes sense that's why we know how to build Nathan we're not doing how about that. Okay. So hit billing.
Beverly Curtis: Run the ability check.
Adam Harrison: Okay so then it looks like maybe the ID oh it just looks like there was an empty space in the. In the ID. But then go.
Adam Harrison: Ahead and so if you just click update coverage on the bottom there should update it for you. So then go ahead and click update info and let's see it should give you a copay amount so yeah it looks like $35 is the copay.
Beverly Curtis: Okay.
Adam Harrison: Yeah and so this should work you know I would say the majority of cases it's going to tell you the copay. There's sometimes where it if it is a weird plan or something like that you may have to go like look in the portal or something. But you know by and large this should work to give you the copay. And then you know you I think you know how to do the actual billing for the patients right yes. All the way to the right.
Adam Harrison: To the right okay yeah so you can just request 35 and then then you're then you're done.
Beverly Curtis: Okay.
Adam Harrison: All right well thank you Beverly I have a couple follow ups here I got to get cracking on so I will I will get started there I think the only thing I need from you is the fee schedule you want us to use. And I'm going to kind of like write everything up chat with Becca on the product stuff get those claim get the fee schedule in get those claims ready to go get your kind of final approval before we submit. And then and then we should be good to go from there.
Beverly Curtis: Okay so for Becca. We have the Maryland thing I also need to know how to switch to Maryland for what do you prescribe for the prescribing yeah yeah yeah so in the Maryland office I can prescribe in Maryland
Adam Harrison: so yes I will track chat with her on that too okay and then I think you know do you want to kind of keep our weekly yeah we can do that do you want to do the same time next week and just keep that as like an every week thing or what you know we could do Friday we could do Thursday whatever is best for you.
Beverly Curtis: Yes. Let's look next week just for a moment I've had a few outliers in terms of scheduling like I have a nine tomorrow morning which is odd. But okay why don't can we do Friday mornings is that okay.
Adam Harrison: Yeah what time on Friday is good for you 9 30. 9 30. okay well I'm going to start that for the 27th that's great have that repeat.
Beverly Curtis: Okay.
Adam Harrison: And then all of a sudden well we'll have some things over email will be. You know working on before that so yeah. Okay.
Beverly Curtis: That's great and that'll be an hour right generally. Or half hour.
Adam Harrison: I think we can try to do in a half hour usually. Oh you know what would it be okay actually I think I'm going to be out on next Friday is there any chance just for that one week we could do Thursday and then switch to Friday.
Beverly Curtis: Is Wednesday okay?
Adam Harrison: Yeah do you want to do nine o'clock Wednesday.
Beverly Curtis: Night or 9 30 9 30 there's a reason I have to do 9 30.
Beverly Curtis: Okay 9 30 I bet you'll never guess the reason
Adam Harrison: I don't know if I will.
Beverly Curtis: I have ducks and I have to let the Ducks out take care really oh that's so fun how many how many ducks do you 12.
Beverly Curtis: Wow take care of the Ducks every morning yep
Adam Harrison: where do they where do they sleep they sleep
Beverly Curtis: we have a it's like a 10 by 10 Coupe shed kind of situation so wow that's so fun yeah
Adam Harrison: little area like a pond or something or
Beverly Curtis: swimming hole the problem with decks is they're extremely messy. Like you if you can imagine any amalgamous that ducks would make multiply that by the 10 and then you've got it they're very messy so whatever pond you have you have to clean so we have actually a drainable pond. That rain every week and clean so yes they have a pond that they swim in and they're very happy.
Adam Harrison: Wow that is that is cool I don't yeah I haven't I would have never guessed that so that's fun.
Beverly Curtis: I can probably send you a video if you'd like I
Adam Harrison: would be the fee schedule and your ducks that would be a great pair I would I would love to see them actually yeah okay well thank you Beverly
Beverly Curtis: we're we're next week at 9 30 on the 25th correct? And then the following week will be on Friday at 9. 9 30. Yep exactly okay so the third will be at 9 30 okay.
Adam Harrison: The third yeah I'll put that on the calendar now okay. One I Jackson was messaging me about your jaw audit thing on the side here do you mind going back to a note and I just want to make sure that it's showing up there for you now.
Beverly Curtis: Okay. This would be someone that I already saw correct?
Adam Harrison: Just any note is totally fine.
Beverly Curtis: Okay. Here.
Adam Harrison: So it looks like the thing is showing up now on the right so then I would just.
Adam Harrison: Run audit correct yeah so so you should have that turned on now okay great okay I just wanted to make sure that was working before I went.
Beverly Curtis: Okay.
Adam Harrison: All right thank you Beverly I will. Talk to you soon and look forward to seeing those
Beverly Curtis: ducks yeah okay great okay take care all right take care by.