Adam Harrison: There we go, there's that note taker.
Tomeka Watkins: There you go.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Okay, well, I'm going to leave you in Adam's hands here. Adam is going to get you up and running, but I just wanted to introduce myself and I'm going to be kind of hanging on the call and just listening in here. But Adam's going to run the rest of the meeting.
Tomeka Watkins: Sounds good. Thank you. Nice meeting you.
Adam Harrison: All right. So Tamika, let's get into kind of the nuts and bolts here of all the. Yeah, everything related to your practice, kind of where you're coming from, understand there may be some credentialing stuff we got to do as well. But yeah, maybe D mine just bringing me up to speed kind of like, where are you today in your journey? Are you using MSOs? Are you where are you credentialed? Which states, which payers? Are you doing a mix of telehealth in person? You know, one or the other. Just kind of like all the context that I should know just before we kind of get into some of the billing setup things.
Adam Harrison: It's just helpful for me to understand sort of like your practice more generally, how many patients we might be looking at and how many payers that sort of stuff.
Tomeka Watkins: Okay, sounds good. Well, as far as my practice today, I'm totally on line telehealth at this point. But been working on the platforms, you know, like the headway platform. Actually, that was the only two platforms that I'm on now. Now I'm deciding to, you know, build up my own practice and do it myself, you know, I don't mind seeing maybe one platform because they bring in, you know, the referrals and stuff like that. I do plan on doing in person, but not like for therapy and psych. My in person will be more of the DLT portion of it, but that's, I think that's paid through a different payer or whatever. And I also want to do the family practice via the online as well too. Just urgent care needs. However, when it comes to the bill, and I know that we have to get the credentialing part. Completed. I've been credentialed before under my MPI and I have 21 payers. And the reason why I have a 21 payers is because my patients, I went through everything that all of my patients have, you know, so these are patients that I have had like going on two to three years. So I really didn't want to have to stop that continuity of care and everything like that. So Blue Cross Blue Shield is like the biggest one of Illinois and of Missouri. And Nebraska. I think it's my bigger ones. But of course they all take time so we don't know how long that's going to be. And I know you guys can't do the billing until. So I don't do any cash pay at this time. I was sort of kind of like to keep it like that, even though I do have a sliding scale. But if it's if it's a cash pay, then of course it has to be paid before the visit. And everything. Yeah, that's pretty much it. Yeah, that's pretty much it is the world of me today of how I run my practice today.
Adam Harrison: Okay, great. And so roughly if you have any patients are you roughly seeing in total right now?
Tomeka Watkins: Would you say so I may have Monday and Tuesdays are my longer days so I may see like 16, 17, sometimes. 20 because I have other therapists, other counselors put it like that, other counselors that work with me. So on my Monday and Tuesday and maybe 20 Thursdays, maybe like 16 Fridays, maybe 20 Wednesdays are a little shorter days only because I like to keep it like that for round table and discussion. Saturday is like about five. I don't work on Saturday or Sunday, so it's got to be a counselor, you know, patient. But other than that, that's pretty much how it's been running.
Adam Harrison: Okay. And then you said sorry, you also have counselors you're working with. So are you this sort of a group practice or more of like a referral situation?
Tomeka Watkins: This is more like a referral situation. Eventually I would want to get into the group practice, but nah, not right now is not what I'm looking into.
Adam Harrison: Okay, great. And then you said, well, I guess I'm curious how you're doing your billing right now. Are you, what's your current way?
Tomeka Watkins: So the portals, you know, do the building right now. So credential through the portal. So, you know, it's my MPI one and then they're, they're second. So yeah, so with that being what it is, it won't take me a long time to get credentialed.
Adam Harrison: So I guess I'm confused a little bit, but so are you getting paid now through the portals? You go to availity or something, you submit a claim for a patient that's your patient not headway or Alma or whoever. But you submit through the portals that the payer portals. And then you get paid.
Tomeka Watkins: No, I don't do. And I'm very familiar with ability because like I said, I did that with my family practice. But no, I'm not going through ability and getting paid for the visits that I actually type in and submitting the claims. Everything that I get paid for now is submit. I get paid prepaid with by the portal. So that's what I'm trying to do as far as my switch over is go through my own, you know, portal and go through availability and submitting my claims and stuff like that.
Adam Harrison: So where, where are you just to make it very tangible for me? Like where are you submitting a claim now? For a Blue Cross patient?
Tomeka Watkins: To headway?
Adam Harrison: Okay, so you're going through headway. Okay, great. So. Everything's going through headway. Even if the patient is maybe your patient, not a head medication.
Tomeka Watkins: Right. All of my, all of the patients are my patients that I brought to Headway for the most part.
Adam Harrison: I see. Okay. That makes a lot of sense.
Tomeka Watkins: Okay.
Adam Harrison: And so from a credentialing standpoint. They, you know, have your MPI on file. How do they exactly get that on file? Was it like a prior group practice that you were in or what's like the history there?
Tomeka Watkins: No, with headway, what they have to do is you have to, in order for them to be for a provider under their NPI, they have to, you have to have an npi. Right. So they, it's like you have headway as the practice, but then you have sub practices under headway. So we're the number one, basically. And they're number two. So when they submit the claims, they're submitting the claims based off of whatever they have situated across the shield with the payer third party payers.
Adam Harrison: Okay, I see. So you are kind of credentialed with Blue Cross via headway
Tomeka Watkins: essentially Blue Cross United healthcare, you know, at, you know, FM is Cigna, you know, all of those things.
Adam Harrison: Okay, I got you. I got you. Okay. So I do think you're right. I do think the next step here is definitely to get independently credentialed. So that is, I guess, what you and Nate are working on. So let me. Yeah, I'm just checking it looks like. Nate said that it's total. It's on his radar. We're already working on it. There's a few documents I think that we're waiting for on your side.
Tomeka Watkins: Oh, really?
Adam Harrison: But he's going to send you a summary later today where we are, you know, what we have, what's still outstanding.
Adam Harrison: So he's going to come back to you on that. But we definitely are like already up and in process, you know, getting that moving for you. Okay. I think my sense is. It might make sense to come back to this conversation once you are like, once you are credentialed, because it can take some time. It can be like. You know, a few months or something like that. It depends on the payer. I would say if they're, if you told me like, hey, I'm already credentialed independently with Blue Cross and I just want to do Cigna United and, you know, whatever other payers. If there were some that you were already like up and running with, I would say like, let's go ahead and set up all the clearinghouse stuff and get everything like turned on for you. But it sounds like right now you're going mostly through headway. Yeah. I think it might make sense to kind of first work with me, get that sort of like finalized and then we can pick up and do the billing setup things. So that would be kind of my suggestion, I would say.
Tomeka Watkins: And sounds to me.
Adam Harrison: Yeah. So I just don't want to, you know. You know, I don't want to waste your time if like the, you know, you're, it ends up being like, hey, we need you to do a, you know, maybe you have to like change your address or you have to do a billing MPI, which is a type two MPI. So you might want to set that up even if you're thinking at some point of doing like a group practice. You know, that would be something Nate could help you think through and then based on all the decisions that get made as part of that credentialing setup, that'll just flow through super seamlessly into the Jot psych billing setup, you know, because it's all one system. So I think, you know, we could probably just revisit this like whenever kind of gets you to write. Yeah. Jackson, do you have any, like, and I don't know if you're still with us or not. Totally fine. If not. But does that sound like the right plan to you? Like wrap up credentialing first before we do any of the billing set up? Because I think Tamika right now is just credentialed with headway and not like independently credentialed at this point.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah, I think that makes the most sense. But it's good to know Tamika that you, you know, do want to do billing through us so you can start getting everything set up, you know, your template styled in your appointments. Like you can start bringing everything into Jot psych so that once the credentialing does come through, you're just ready to, you know, on that day flip a switch and start building.
Tomeka Watkins: Okay. Now the job site, when I'm doing like my visit and stuff like that, the EMR. Do you guys offer that? Because I thought that's what it is. But is that just when we're doing our notes and it's just putting like the different notes in, let me see where is it, I'm trying to build to it.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah, we have a, we have a schedule and you can even start doing your prescribing through us as well.
Tomeka Watkins: Okay. So where is your EHR?
Jackson Bierfeldt: It's inside of the JotSite app. So just the same place that you use for the scribe. It's, it's in there.
Tomeka Watkins: Okay. So when we're so, because I have a lot of patients, so I'm, we've always used job site since I started. So when I'm doing my patients and I'm recording, this is considered your EHR here basically for the most part.
Jackson Bierfeldt: That's right.
Tomeka Watkins: Yeah.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Um, I don't know if you want to share your screen for a second. Yeah, I can just point you.
Tomeka Watkins: Okay, one second. Let me share my screen. Share. Okay, now let me go to job Sunday.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Okay. Yeah. So there you go. So you already have all of your patients. And as you see, you know, right now you don't have the coverage listed for any of them. So that's something you might consider wanting to collect as you, as you add patients. You can do this by, you know, sending them a form. So if you go up to documentation, give you a quick tour. You know, have you ever used our forms or lab orders
Tomeka Watkins: or I use the forms always. I do the nose to know templates. I haven't used the labs yet.
Jackson Bierfeldt: So we can do, you know, lab ordered, you know. Okay, so forms. Yeah. Great. Looks like you already know how that works. And then if you go to your patients again. And you click on just any of your patients in here.
Tomeka Watkins: Okay, so let's just, okay.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah. So if you click on the top right of the patient overview, there's a little pencil icon. This is where you can start collecting more information about your patients. You know, so if you scroll down a bit, there's like an insurance section, there are emergency contact. All of, all of this information. But, you know, the good news is you can export this same stuff if you're already collecting it in headway and you can just import it into our system so that you don't have to, you know, manually type all of this in. That would be a headache.
Tomeka Watkins: Oh, how would, how do I export and import?
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah. So if you go up to patients in the top left, then you'll see a button that says. Merge. There should be a button there that says import. Uh, I'll have to make sure that that's turned on on your account. But merge is just for, you know, combining people. So it looks like, you know, you might have created a couple different Taylor woods over time. You know, as you've seen that person rather than selecting it, you might have just been making a new patient. So that's something where, you know, you'll probably want to just hit merge. There. And then, you know, that will all just turn into one patient record. And then when you pull in the information, you know, from your outside EHR, you'll be able to, you know, have that all go on to this one patient so that you have the right diagnosis, the medications and, and all of that.
Tomeka Watkins: Oh, makes sense. So, okay, so I can start exporting it in sport exporting and importing the patient's like fear insurance information.
Jackson Bierfeldt: That's right. Yeah. And you said that you use headway and Alma, is that right?
Tomeka Watkins: Yeah.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Okay, great. I'll look and see if we have guides on how to export Chrome them, but it's the kind of thing honestly to make it if you just open up a chat GPT window and you just said in headway, how do I export my patients? It'll, it'll know how to do it.
Tomeka Watkins: Okay. Oh, I'm not a chat GPT person, but I will.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Well, Google, whatever you want to
Tomeka Watkins: use, you know, I'll do chat GTP is fine because I only when I need to use it. I use it because I'm like, oh Lord, I want to know how to think by myself.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah. No, I understand. I understand that. But, you know, look, if you want to go through headway and click on all the buttons and figure it out on your own, you're also will, you know, I'll let you decide how you want to do that. But, you know, regardless, there's some way on their side to like export everything as a CSV file.
Jackson Bierfeldt: And then you can just drag that into Jot site. I'll turn that on for you and then you'll have all the information in there. You should though before you do that, I recommend, you know, when you have 10 minutes clicking that merge patients thing again because it looked like you had a couple, you know, patients where for whatever reason you created copies of them and you'll want to just collapse them all into the single patient before you do the import.
Tomeka Watkins: Okay, yeah, I'll go in and merge everything that we have.
Jackson Bierfeldt: But that should be a quick thing. And you only have to do that one time. And then from now on, you know, just make sure you're selecting the patient rather than creating a new one.
Tomeka Watkins: Okay, cool. And thank you so much. And that is, it doesn't, it takes like a second for them to merge them all together for sure.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah, yeah, it's very quick.
Tomeka Watkins: Okay, cool. I love that. Okay, so you said that you're going to put the export thing at the top end of my yep.
Jackson Bierfeldt: You'll, you'll see that button. I just have to go and turn that on on your account.
Tomeka Watkins: Okay, cool. And Nathan will send me what's what he needs. And sometimes today.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yep, yep. You'll get that from him and then it'll just be a list of the documents we're still waiting on from you that he's going to need in order to do your credentialing.
Tomeka Watkins: Okay. Now, is it a way in here and the jock site port I should just share my screen? Well, I can check. Let me go back and share where I can check and see where you guys are, where he is with the credentialing.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Is it so glad you asked, Tamika, because that was the next thing I wanted to show you. So if you go up to the building and auditing. And you see jot cred. That's our credentialing platform. So I actually think that opened in a new tab, which we're not sharing. You might have to click share this tab instead if you're over in there. But yeah, there you go. So this is actually where you should just drop those documents. You can go ahead and put them in here and then will this page will change to being like a status of who, you know, we're credentialing you with, where we're at with it so that you can check in here and see where, where that is.
Tomeka Watkins: Okay. Now it'll, okay, because he have to tell me what they need.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yep, he'll send you an email that just says like, you know, the things that are still outstanding and then you can go ahead and just go and drop those in here.
Tomeka Watkins: Okay, sounds good. Okay. I'll do that. Okay, I'm loving it. It's good. And then so and you said that I can also, let me go back to here and I'm. Going share. This happens so I can start putting. What is it, the coverage or what the coverage is going to show when I import them in here though, right?
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah, I would wait until you have that import and then you'll know after you do your import, like who is still missing. And that might be something where you know how it is on a case by case basis. Sometimes patients change their insurance or, you know, you never collected it or something like that. So you'll be able to see in here who still is missing coverage and can address it that way. And the last thing I'll show you, if you go up to documentation, just open up a recent note.
Tomeka Watkins: Okay.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Just finish. Great. Ah, okay. So you still have. You know, you don't have no signing turned on. So once you actually want to do billing with us, you're going to need to sign your notes, not just complete them. So I'll just show you where that is. If you click on your picture in the top right. And then go to features.
Tomeka Watkins: And move you guys back over here. I'm sorry. Okay. Go to features. Okay.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah. So you can go ahead and just click enable note sign in. And you'll need to fill this out one time just so that we have the name that, you know, you actually sign under and you know your license information. So actually it looks like you've already got that.
Tomeka Watkins: Okay. Okay.
Tomeka Watkins: So question now what if I have different licenses? Because I'm not, I'm only licensed in 14 states.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Right. That is a good question. So are you submitting claims? In all 14 of those states right now? Because you're doing telehealth primarily, right?
Tomeka Watkins: Yeah. Alma is yes. I'm credentialed with every state on Ama with headway. I think it's Illinois and Missouri.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yes. Okay, great. Well, we are, you know, still working on our like multi state right now, especially for the billing. But this is just for signing the note. So I think you could probably put, you know, your, your primary. Do you have a state that you consider to be your, like, primary?
Tomeka Watkins: Yeah, it's Illinois.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Okay. So I would just do that for right now because this is just what will be like on the note when you when you sign it. You know, for billing, of course, we need to, you know, change that based on the, on the state, but we'll set that up once we, you know, finish your credentialing. And then that information, you know, comes from the, from the credentialing.
Tomeka Watkins: Okay. Full practice, I think change.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah, there you go.
Tomeka Watkins: Six, one. Okay. Yes. Next.
Jackson Bierfeldt: So that's it. Um, and now you can begin signing your notes when you're done, just like you would in any other EHR. You know, after you've reviewed it, when it's, when it's time to, you know, say, okay, I'm done with this note, you know, you can click that sign button inside the note, which is in the same spot that the complete button used to be. It'll look exactly the same as you've been used to. But now you're actually signing the note, which is, you know, one of the steps that's necessary in order to submit it eventually for, for billing. So this one, it still says complete because this was, before, but, you know, the next time you record a note, you're going to have the ability to start signing it.
Tomeka Watkins: Okay, quick question. Now, I made a template. My template that I made was, but I don't see it in here. Because I paid for like a 400 template now. But when I'm recording, so let me see, I can show you guys what I mean. If I go to my. Here. Hold on. Let me share this tab instead. So, okay, so if I was to record these templates, no, I don't even see my template in here. So I made a template. But I don't see it anymore. But it was an older template.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Can you go to. The, can you go back to JotSych and we'll, we'll look at your templates page. So go to documentation. And then note templates. So you're not seeing it in this list.
Tomeka Watkins: Not at all. No.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Okay. It's possible that you might have inadvertently clicked delete on it or something. I will go ahead and go and look and see database. What's there? Do you remember what the name of the template was or something?
Tomeka Watkins: What was the name of that template? It was. Psychiatric. Oh, my God. I don't remember. I could probably have an email
Jackson Bierfeldt: when we were doing some kind of sake. It wasn't called like, you know, Tamika's childhood ADHD template or something like that.
Tomeka Watkins: No, no, it wasn't that.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Okay, well, I will, I will do some forensics and figure out where that might have gone and see if I can recover that for you. But if the, if for some reason I'm not able to find that, do you have a copy of it somewhere that you, you know, downloaded or an old note that you pasted in the headway or something?
Tomeka Watkins: Yeah, it's on my old notes and it's actually on all of my old notes and headway for sure.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Okay, great.
Jackson Bierfeldt: So I'm going to go and find this reasonably confident that I'll find something for you. But just in case there is that thing where it says upload a template. Do you see that in the bottom left? Yeah. If you click on that. Here, you can upload a PDF or there's that paste text. Option there. You could just paste in one of your old notes and it'll try to recreate that template in the, in the same shape. That's just a backup here if we're not able to find that. But I'll go ahead and go look at that now. And I'm sure I'll be able to dig something up for you.
Tomeka Watkins: Okay. And then let me one more question I have. So when I'm recording, is it a way where in the template form I can have, like, for instance, if I'm doing a therapy in med check, I could do like a 99214 with not plus a 90838 template or 99213 with the 90833 template. Is that possible?
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah, that's totally possible. So if you click on browse library in the bottom left, we actually, and you scroll down a little bit, we have keep scrolling. This site, this is that template right there. So the en m plus psychotherapy add on. Okay. One underneath that. That's a ton. I would, I would press add right now and add that to your, to your library and maybe try this template because this one is designed to have, you know, the psychotherapy section separated from the E and M section, which as you know is, is what's required there. And then, you know, you'll be able to just put those two different CPT codes on there and it'll kind of document everything separately in the way that needs to be done there. Okay. This is our most popular template right now for exactly this, the E and M plus psychotherapy at on modality.
Tomeka Watkins: Okay. And now what if you forgot to start the recording? When you first started? How do you adjust the time or do you just say it and it'll pick it up?
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah. So if you go, let's go back to one of your notes. One of your recent ones. Great. So on the top bar there do you see where it shows the the date and time? You can go ahead and click that. And then adjust it to say actually the start time wasn't at 12:16. It was at 12:08. And then and then that will be reflected when you sign the note.
Tomeka Watkins: Okay. Got it. Got it. Okay. And it's given me this because the CPT code. This is what it's suggesting.
Jackson Bierfeldt: That's what it is suggesting. That's right.
Tomeka Watkins: Okay. Okay.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Got it. Yeah. So this one you might. It looks like it was 49 minutes. So would you say that this actually is a 3.6?
Tomeka Watkins: I wish I did this was a 36 for sure and a 99. 213.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Ah, so this was both great. Yeah. So this is one of those things that'll really be helped if you start using that new template. When you do the psychotherapy. Because then the scribe will know, oh, this was both modalities and it'll be able to suggest the right codes for you.
Tomeka Watkins: Okay. Gotcha. Okay. Well, I am loving this guys. Okay, I totally understand why I got away because I understand the process. So just wanted to make sure you guys will be able to not only build for psychiatric, but if I'm doing addiction therapy, if I'm doing the family practice, those notes and all of that stuff, I don't think jock psych actually do the family practice notes though.
Jackson Bierfeldt: We could. We have some people that do. You know, we have people doing all kinds of, as I'm sure you know, there's people that have all kinds of different modalities that they do. So there's, you know, no pre built template that you're going to find in there that does that. But you're welcome to create a custom template that has, you know, pediatric section, you know, a very common one that I'm sure you deal with is, you know, growth of children and like, you know, developmental stages and needing to note that. So feel free to just go into the template builder and ask the AI like, hey, can you add a section here that tracks growth for, you know, ages zero to six and, you know, you're super welcome to do that. And then, you know, you're able to sign those notes and submit CPT codes as you need. So it's not our specialty right now. You know, I am going to say, you know, we're still a new company. You know, we're, we're really focused on behavioral health here, but I can tell you we do have people that are doing family practice as well. There is a way to do it.
Tomeka Watkins: I love it. Okay. Wonderful. Well, this right here, even though we couldn't do the billing part of it, it's okay. You know, completely understand. But this right here was very helpful. So I'll wait on the email from Nate and then kind of go from there.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah. No, I mean, Tamika, this works out very well because you can, you know, the credentialing takes a little while. As you know, especially just working with, you said you Blue Cross is one of the ones that you're like six months.
Tomeka Watkins: They can be long.
Jackson Bierfeldt: I know, you know. Yeah, that takes a while. But, you know, so does like changing your EHR and like getting all of your data in here. So I would say it's actually a great time for you to just start treating Jot Psych like the HR, you know, let's get, let's get your information in here. Let's get your templates all ready so that once that credentialing is done, you know, we can just flip the switch and start going from day one and not have to then start the process of training on everything.
Tomeka Watkins: Most definitely love it. Love it.
Adam Harrison: Great.
Tomeka Watkins: All right.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Well, it was super nice meeting you. Also, I've been calling you Tamika. I meant to say Dr. Watkins. I'm so sorry. I hope you don't take the offense there. I didn't even notice until you were putting in the, you know, the, the information there.
Tomeka Watkins: So not at all.
Tomeka Watkins: Not the last thing was heal too. That's Watkins was my married name when I was married like 15 years ago with another man in like married like 16 now.
Tomeka Watkins: So yeah, it's healed. I just never changed the email.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Great. Well, I guess I've been calling you all sorts of the wrong name. So Dr. Hill, thank you so much. Really looking forward to getting you started on everything here.
Tomeka Watkins: Sounds good. Thank you guys. You guys have a blessed day. I appreciate it.
Adam Harrison: You too.
Tomeka Watkins: Thank you. Okay, bye bye.