Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah. Did you merge your audio? Oh okay okay. I was like are they just doing it automatically? Hello hi Jorge?
Jorge Valcourt: How you guys how are you?
Jackson Bierfeldt: Good we are in our new office in New York let's see if it's. Let's see? I can hear you just fine.
Jorge Valcourt: Oh okay I know what it is. About now okay yes I can hear you now how are you
Jackson Bierfeldt: Jackson great doing well we're in our new office in New York now so it's it's exciting to Becca's talking about our.
Jorge Valcourt: E prescription nice to see you yes we met a few weeks back how you doing? I'm doing well we're in New York is the office.
Jackson Bierfeldt: It's in Brooklyn it's in the old navy yard where they used to construct
Jorge Valcourt: ships I know where that is that's a pretty new building though.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah yeah it's nice it's like one of these you can see it's like all glass and we're happy we're happy to be here we have a great view of the water too which is always
Jorge Valcourt: nice I bet I used to work in Brooklyn the old Pfizer. Plant.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Where's that?
Jorge Valcourt: I mean I think they sold it a few years back. But when I was working there I mean I'm talking to 2004. Yeah they were talking about that that space and how they were going to develop it and all that so I see they finally did it. Let's see what five serving.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Isn't unflushing?
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yes yeah yes 14 Avenue okay yeah that's not very far from where we are at all.
Jorge Valcourt: Yeah I was living in a part slope and I was driving to. That site every every morning.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Oh my gosh you must be so much happier in Miami oh absolutely I mean
Jorge Valcourt: whether I was it was tough it was rough. Awesome but it was.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah well Jorge I I know you wanted to kind of just like go through and talk about EHR features and kind of get a sense on that so that's why we brought back in back is our you know product manager who's really in charge of like the E H R features and where those are so yeah did you just kind of want to like go through the list and also are we talking about valcourt or are we talking about peak or are we talking about
Jorge Valcourt: both well whatever we establish for valkirt. I expect is implemented over at hot peak so I mean it should be much faster once we know it works. For valcord after we have tested all the features I think it should be easier yeah being okay.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah I just wanted to make sure that we understood that you're thinking about both here and that there isn't something specific.
Jorge Valcourt: Yeah okay so I have a bunch of this here first thing in advance right now we identify patients via chart number. Okay I'm sure you have seen chart numbers and in advance it happens where we have patients with exactly the same names. First name and last names.
Jorge Valcourt: That's right okay so we kind of search by name in jot psych. And right now that's how it is.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah we actually we do patient we do record number date of birth or name when you do the search so for valcourt for instance you know we brought over the exact record number from collab. So we didn't bring it from advanced we actually brought over the number from collab so if collab in advanced are the same than it is that same number but for instance when I've been doing your billing in valcort I actually inside of jot psych just paste in the record number and it finds the patient. So that system is actually exactly the same.
Jorge Valcourt: Okay so I have to go back and check I heard from the from the staff that. That they couldn't find that patient by the chart number.
Jorge Valcourt: Okay the number that collab assigns to the patient. Is the same I know that once they create a profile in collab they. If it is. I don't know where what sale they use in collab to add the number but they are the chart number to the new profile in code.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah are you able to see this.
Jorge Valcourt: Yeah I see it.
Jackson Bierfeldt: So this is a case where you know I just grabbed this this is one of your valcourt patients from collab and this is their account number and when I put that in it does show up in in jaw psych.
Jackson Bierfeldt: So maybe I'm getting the wrong number though I mean that would be the thing to to look into if that record number or you know maybe some you know patient record number maybe the person that tried it you know got got the wrong number but the intention is that it works the way that you expect you know where there is that record number and we did migrate that record number over from collab so I got if that's incorrect we should look into it but as far as how it was built to work it should be the same way that every EHR works where you can do record number date of birth or name.
Jorge Valcourt: Yeah what I think it is that that number is from collab. Yeah and not from advanced. Okay okay let me look up the same patient in advance and see what. Comes up. Shane Rachel. Yeah. The patient number in collab is 8 1. 8 1 0 5. Ah okay so I'm pretty sure that number is the one collab assigns when we create a new profile
Jackson Bierfeldt: I see yeah I'm looking at collaborate right now and I'm seeing that there is a like patient account number and a patient reference number and that we pulled in the account number so that's just a data thing that I can go ahead and fix and make sure that we get that reference number
Jorge Valcourt: and you see the 8105 anywhere in collab.
Jackson Bierfeldt: I see it in collabs it's called the reference number. That's the data that we pull over
Jorge Valcourt: yeah and it's going to happen. Where if the patient wasn't seeing. In collab so we didn't see the patient for let's say two years. The number you will use is the number that is in advance right when you pull the records. You will be able to pull that number directly from advance is that from collab.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah we can yeah we can make sure to pull that in from.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Collab and then if it's not in collab to pull it from advanced yeah please yeah. Okay.
Jorge Valcourt: Okay so great okay. I met with a provider with a psychology service provider last week Edgar Pena I don't know if you have seen his name yes okay he's saying that when he uses his profile the notes are not as good. As when he uses Dr. Valkor's profile. Okay I don't know if it is the the template that is in the in bulk profile is different than the one he has in his profile but he's saying Jorge I create my note I don't I don't see is a good note so I log off. Login using Dr. Balcord login information and the node is much better. More information more specific to psychology. Okay I don't know I mean I thought that you guys use the same templates over and over again. But and he and I asked him to do it again to repeat the same thing and supposedly he did it and he he came back with the same results.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Okay I will look into if there's a different template there but they are exactly the same template so the if if he is using the same template there there's no difference between those accounts reporting that regularly it's possible that you know Dr.
Jorge Valcourt: Nadal has a like the valve court valve is a psychology.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah oh but so but he's using the psychology template right yeah yeah individual psychotherapy progress note
Jorge Valcourt: is I was going to ask you just now is there more than one template for follow ups. For psychotherapy.
Jackson Bierfeldt: For psychotherapy it looks like you have biopsychosocial evaluation yeah and psychological initial evaluation and individual psychotherapy progress
Jorge Valcourt: note so there's only one doesn't want it should be used in most often.
Jorge Valcourt: The biopsychosocial the psychotherapy one the very last one you
Jackson Bierfeldt: mentioned individual psychotherapy add on or yeah psychotherapy progress note I will look into I'll look into his account and see which one he was using and maybe he was selecting the wrong one but. The the template is not different on the two accounts if he's using that template it's the same template yeah. Sometimes you know how you know perception can just change you know when you log into a different thing it is AI so you know it's a little different every time and it could be that but I will look into it and make sure that there's like nothing going on there.
Jorge Valcourt: Okay, please and thank you. Yep okay so also they were asking about the old nodes so I guess at once we are all we are ready to transition over to Jack 100% The nodes the history of the patients the old nodes will transfer over to jot psych and they will be able to get into the patient chart. And look for the psychotherapy note of 2023 or 2022.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Right that's right yeah there'll be there'll be the list there and they'll be able to to to read it. You're not going to be able to edit no
Jorge Valcourt: no no that's that's asking too much just being able to retrieve that node reference to it if there was an issue back then I would like them to be able to.
Jackson Bierfeldt: To read about it yeah they'll be able to reference it and then our system you know you'll see that we're rolling out like talk to your data feature soon so you could even ask like hey when was the first time I saw this patient and it'll be able to reference the old notes
Jorge Valcourt: as well because it's it searches throughout all the nodes
Jackson Bierfeldt: right beautiful that'll be a yeah just to give you a peek at one of the things back is working on that we're excited
Jorge Valcourt: about that is very nice so that's going to happen while you are in the in that office or that's Mexico City no that's that's New York that's
Jackson Bierfeldt: New York Jorge knows about our plan to open the Mexico City office in the future yeah that's that's that's coming shortly and yes it will also bring in your old notes so that'll be nice because then you'll because right now you know you have all of these old notes but you're not actually going to go and read every one of them but when the AI can do it and be like oh actually they did do search for lean back in 1997 remember like it's a it's a good thing
Jorge Valcourt: to know about very nice feature okay okay so all natural advance the appointments. Will the provider know when the next appointment is from the EHR.
Jackson Bierfeldt: From when you say from the EHR you
Jorge Valcourt: mean from yeah in Jack from his profile will he be able to see when the next patient appointment is scheduled for.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yes so this is you know what the homepage looks like for a provider and it shows you know here's the next three sessions that you have coming up and then a little session you can just click on this and it'll take you take you into the session. Okay okay and then same thing with the the schedule you can see the calendar you can see you know by provider if you are a practice administrator you can see all of those and then you can also switch it to like a list view like this.
Jorge Valcourt: Okay good okay so I'll let him know that that's already there. Yep okay show appointments. The template for the master treatment plan review. We have talked about this before. But I think it was with Nate. I'm talking months and months ago. And it was more for psychiatry I believe not for for psychology.
Jackson Bierfeldt: So you have this one master treatment plan review psychiatry yeah that's where master treatment plans
Jorge Valcourt: therapy yeah well you see how there is one review the one that you have for psychiatry. Is a review we need the same not not the same content but the same type of template for psychology so after the patient initiates treatment. Along the along the way let's say three months six months they get the initial treatment plan and they review it and it becomes a master treatment plan review. So that template I don't know that before it was Melissa taking care of the documents if you need me to send you. Something or if we need to set up a meeting to go over that template I will be more than happy to. To do it.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Okay yeah so the best way. For us to create that for you is if you can send me some examples of it and then I'll feed it into our system and it'll make a template for you.
Jorge Valcourt: Okay so that's fine I mean if you can you teach me how to do it?
Jackson Bierfeldt: If you want to try it on your own so on this screen you can go into upload template and if you drag the PDF of the you know the note that you want to to come out of it into here it'll create that template for you.
Jorge Valcourt: So same way we do the documents for the patients to sign.
Jorge Valcourt: Same process okay. Good. I can do one.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah and if you know you're not able to get it to do exactly what you need it to for some reason you can let us know and you know you know that you're a VIP customer for us so we're happy to put in some
Jorge Valcourt: extra work for you thank you thank you Jackson. Okay. Ability to download templates for manual completion right now once we create a template in the library it has to go through the signing process right sending the document out to the person and all that but we cannot download it and print it out when the patient comes into the office sometimes like an intake form yep yeah yeah. Yeah right now we have all their people coming in. And it's not possible to have them. Fill out. Electronic form.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yes okay that is something that we we can look into for forms that's not immediately on our you know list of things that are going to happen in the next two weeks here but we'll take that in consideration just curious would you want to print out the paper form and hand it to them or would you want to hand them an iPad in the office and they just fill it
Jorge Valcourt: out right there is an option but sometimes again these are old people right and it's even if you give them 80 inch monitor and a good keyboard they won't be able to do it so what we have done is we have another template in Word and PDF and the in the drive we just get that template downloaded and that's the one we use but sometimes it is not exactly the same thing we have in JotSec.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Right, no that makes sense yeah you want to be able to like get the paper version of that same form and then you want to be able to scan that on your scanner and like put it into back into the record right yeah correct that makes sense yeah no this that's something we know that as much AI as we have in the world there is always going to need to be some people that need to do paper so we're we're definitely tracking that and consider this your vote for us to prioritize
Jorge Valcourt: that feature well thank you that's fine and again Jackson that is not an urgent thing yeah we can go by with printing out of template but at some point when the volume it's there it's going to be.
Jackson Bierfeldt: That that makes sense yeah I mean we think about this all the time even you know something I would like actually you know just to give you an idea is if you know we could just have the AI or something call that person on the phone and then they don't need to fill out the form it could just ask them hey when did you do this and then they can just say oh, you know I used to do this and then it could just fill it out for them so that they don't even need to do the paper so we have all kinds of thoughts about what we could do to make it so that we don't have to print it out scan it have someone fill it out. But we know that at the end of the day people probably are still going to need to do that too. But it's something we're thinking about
Jorge Valcourt: okay good okay so staying with the documentation I send you a text message or a message through lack weeks ago you were dealing with the claims at that point so that wasn't a priority back then but when we create the templates for the patient or the intake forms for the patient to fill out we have to identify the form with sometimes the chart number or data that changes right right form to form. Are you able to. Allow front desk to enter data before it goes out to the. To the signer.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah I mean right now no but that's it's on the list of of things that we need to add in for the for the intake forms. So just to make sure that I have it clearly in that background understands as well. The main thing you want is for the front desk to already fill in some of the
Jorge Valcourt: form correct because that data that information that information can change patient to patient so one patient might want to go to pharmacy CVS the other patient wants to go to Walgreens so we have to get. Into the the form change the preferred pharmacy and then send it over to the patient and that can change multiple times in a day. So we want to use jot psych for all documentation which I want to. I need to be able to add those details to the document so it's specific for that patient and not generic.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah. No that makes sense and is the patient then is this more of a form that they're filling out or is it more of a document that the patient is signing?
Jorge Valcourt: Well it's. It's it's a form that the patient needs to select or the patient needs to agree to yeah. Okay.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah. Let me put it this way is it something where you're filling out three things and then the patient is filling out five more things or is it something where you're filling it out and the patient says yes I agree and they
Jorge Valcourt: sign it or both it will be both right now the the one I told you about for the pharmacy is just the patient to agree or to confirm that's a pharmacy they want to go to or that meds go to the one for the. The other forms we need to specify the patient chart number right the
Jackson Bierfeldt: chart number is on it and they fill it out and then it's
Jorge Valcourt: all yeah exactly what we have. Patients with the same name we need to. Have the unique number the unique number.
Jackson Bierfeldt: In the document. Okay that that makes sense and Becca will make sure that you know when we get to the next version of our forms that all of that is is addressed in there.
Jorge Valcourt: Okay. Okay appointments right now we are not using the point schedule 100% I think. How are you managing status and the for the appointments is it. Cancel no show active.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Worthy options? Yeah so. Right now I think it's mostly you know scheduled and then it happened. Think we have a way right now to mark that something was a no show or that we do have we do have a way to market it now show yeah we have no show but I mean as you can see it's just this little button here I didn't even find it you know so we have some work to do on making making that clear but Roy can you just tell me what are the most important things for you as far as the status goes on schedule?
Jorge Valcourt: Okay yes I mean right now the different statuses is. Active or like the the appointment is there and it's going to happen no show which you have canceled. The patient called and canceled the appointment. Access no show and cancel I think those are and waiting list.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Waiting list okay waiting list how does that
Jorge Valcourt: work wait at least when the provider doesn't have space for the patient to be seen on the schedule? Where they put that patient at the very end of the of the column on the white list. Okay that's how they do it right now there are other ways of doing it in advance like creating a wait list per se for the provider but they prefer to do it on the schedule and they just move those patients over to the next day if a space doesn't open
Jackson Bierfeldt: but some kind of way of saying like hey I do need to see Dr. Nadal and he doesn't have room for me today and I want to make sure I don't lose that that patient needs to
Jorge Valcourt: be exactly so when they when someone calls and cancels an appointment they just go to the schedule look at the very bottom of the list and they say yeah okay that's fine the special cancel but I can replace that patient with this other patient.
Jorge Valcourt: Okay so those four statuses no show active canceled and waitlist.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Okay great no I mean we do support all of those now but it's not obvious and we're going to be you know making sure we work on that but there of course also essential for doing billing and analytics reporting like
Jorge Valcourt: which is my next thing right now reports yes when at the end of the week I am asking my managers to run a report on appointments on no shows on patient retention rate. Cancel appointments number of appointments all that and we don't have that taken care of on the schedule we won't be able to get the receipt those reports at the end of the week.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Right right yep yeah I think you know that that is our next phase of work inside of the you know billing suite is you know reporting and analytics so we're we have all of that in mind right now I think Nate even showed you you know the prototype that we're developing that shows scheduled here's what actually happened here's what was billed so that you can kind of figure out immediately where the problems are so correct we're definitely tracking that and we'll have something to show you soon as far as you know the reporting goes okay great okay so.
Jorge Valcourt: Appointment status document data I think that's it for now I mean we haven't tried a prescription yet Becca. Last time we tried the person wasn't ready and it was good and we didn't go that far because the person didn't last. A week after we met. Oh no so this time someone else will start the next few weeks so when that person starts I already know because so we can go through the process and hopefully. Try that module. And come back with with feedback if anything.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah that's great we're really looking forward to that.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Okay great we'll look at that perfectly on time we've got all of this from you Jorge I will go and look right now into Edgar Pana template issue I'll look into getting that reference number fixed so that we have the right one for all of the patients and then yeah everything else we've got noted down and it's it's on our map and we'll make sure that you're kept informed of our of our progress
Jorge Valcourt: there okay well I know that you are always looking for new signal. Claims to put through the system and continue testing the software anything else you need from me. To move forward.
Jackson Bierfeldt: I don't think so I think I'm just working with Janet on that and we're going to put through the first two claims today so we'll we'll have that information shortly and then when we get that back we'll be able to show you, you know the analytics dashboard using the actual data that's going through with these significations. So that'll be the first step there.
Jorge Valcourt: Okay well anything let me know we're looking forward to getting. Those old systems out.
Jorge Valcourt: Yeah us as well yeah.
Jorge Valcourt: Okay great okay so thank you both thank you Jackson thank you Becca.