Nathan Peereboom: Hey Taylor, how are you?
Taylor White: There you go.
Nathan Peereboom: Hey Taylor, how are you?
Taylor White: I'm good. How are you?
Nathan Peereboom: Good, good. It's nice to see you.
Taylor White: Yeah. Nice to see you as well. Thanks for rescheduling.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, yeah, yeah, of course. Of course. I know we're all just in that busy springtime thing at the moment. Well, I would love to hear about how the last few weeks have been for you, how conversations have gone. I know that we covered a lot in our last conversation. So yeah, tell me how things have progressed on your side.
Taylor White: Yeah, I think we're doing well. We've had a few discussions. The main two people that I need for discussions are out this week. So I was hoping that they could hop on. But no big deal. We are kind of looking at. An integrated and then unintegrated option and we aren't really sure on what we need to or what we want to do from there, which is why I think we have a couple more questions for you guys today. Great. And we'll see kind of from there.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, but we've had some fuel. Yeah, feel free to fire away. The other thing that I will just mention is that we have a Chrome extension that allows you to do a full drop into your EHR. It functions exactly like an integration. Actually functions a little bit better because you can change where the text is actually falling into your EHR. But I do just want to emphasize that if you're putting us in the bucket of an unintegrated option, one of the like at a function level it is integrated. So whether that moves the needle for you one way or the other, it's something to know.
Taylor White: Yeah, one of my questions was going to be like, and before knowing that was kind of like, would we need to be creating patient profiles each new patient that's in there within your system or with that kind of. At least be friendly with Epic, if that makes sense.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. Is the desire here to be able to push and pull data back and forth so patient data in your EHR flows into Jotsey and then the other way around.
Taylor White: Yeah, I mean, the desire for that question specifically is the least amount of work possible for our providers. So if they're just getting into it. And if they're just recording the session and it's creating it, but I know we talked about how it can kind of, you know, based on the previous knowledge of the patient and all that. Tailored the notes a little bit.
Nathan Peereboom: Yes, sorry. Just to answer the question then. If the goal here, what I'm hearing is that your thought is, hey, if I have previous context about the patient in my EHR, I want that context to inform the JotSite notes because I know that when the patient thread is following Jot Psych notes, those notes are higher quality. And the answer is just yes. Like we start out like by transitioning all of your data into Jot site. So you start out day one with all of your EHR data preloaded into Jot Psych. After that, you can use, we call it the Jot Psych shuttle and it shuttles data back and forth. As needed and as you ask it to between your EHR and Jot psych.
Taylor White: Okay, that makes sense.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. And the point of that is to be bi-directional.
Taylor White: That helps for sure because what I didn't want was them having to like create a patient profile for each new patient that they're using this for. And then creates more work than would really be.
Nathan Peereboom: Useful. Yeah, no, the job to be done here is that everywhere you look, your clinical data is up to date and current and every system you use. Has the best data. So that's the goal for our software and it's the way that we think about the interaction and the dialogue between an EHR system and Jots like. So we're completely aligned and that's how we've built the product.
Taylor White: Yeah, I think the other main question is kind of tools functions beyond AI scribe. And what that looks like for us. Totally possibilities. We have there.
Nathan Peereboom: Yes, absolutely. So I mean, I can just list them off. So we do labs.
Taylor White: We do forms.
Nathan Peereboom: We do payments.
Taylor White: Sorry. When you say forms, would that be like creating a quick letter for the patient that they requested on like an LCOH template too like our full.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah.
Taylor White: So let me kind of thing.
Nathan Peereboom: You know. Let me just show you kind of what this looks like. Yeah. Okay. So all of our products you can see here. So you know about notes, you know about node templates. Forms are generally when you are sending something. Oh, there's nothing in there. Let's find a real form. S are anything that you want the patient to complete. You know like in a structured way or sign. What you're describing are other docs or documents. So when I go to a note or I go to a patient, I always have the ability to describe like right and FMLA letter or Kareem. And what it'll do is immediately spend that up. With all of these, you know placeholders that you can turn into a template as well as all the rich context that comes from the particular patient that you're you know making that document for. Yeah that's yeah so anything related to documents job psych is totally handling. We're also fully capable with our scheduling. So anytime you have a scheduling feature we can do all of that. And then you've seen kind of the crown jewel is like this auditing and compliance system that looks at all of that together and says are we billing the right thing? Are the notes and the documents defensible? Where's our risk and how do we coach clinicians so that they can actually be. Improving both as clinicians and improving as members of an organization that needs financial sustainability in order to keep serving patients. So at every level we're, you know we've integrated that. The other thing that will just mark out is that we also do credentialing should you choose to have your clinician's credentialed with us. So it's really easy. You can just upload all your documents and we'll take care of all credentialing for you which is a really nice feature.
Taylor White: Sorry you can't tell I've been like sick all week so I'm trying to bust all right I'm sorry you're sick.
Nathan Peereboom: That's it's it's a you're a good sport to just still show up and work for eight hours a day
Taylor White: being sick trying yes I the consequences of I was at a conference last week and then with children all weekend so I'm like one of those they're very germy places. Oh I did have a specific question that I don't know this can make sense so ability to if the patient's like no I don't wet my session recorded. But is there kind of a tool for the provider to then type short lingo like and then it kind of creates a better worded. Document or documentation for them.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah totally so when you go to our recorder. You don't have to press record you can write on the notepad you know whatever you want and then these notes get synthesized in to build the actual node.
Taylor White: Okay, that makes sense and then could you from then also do a recording and then also have some notes on the notepad and it kind of takes both or is that.
Nathan Peereboom: Oh yeah yeah yeah yeah. Exactly I mean you can add as many recordings or documents as you want like the goal is we want all the data give us all the data you have your your inner thoughts your external conversation the previous patient context and then we create all the documentation after that based on the richness of that context.
Taylor White: Right okay you can just see where that can be helpful they're not necessarily talking about writers thinking something and totally let's sort of write that down yeah okay that's helpful yeah for sure that was something that. They were looking for like the other day and I was like can you just like pause for a second? Why I think you answered my main questions that I've can think of right now that we had. Did you I know we've kind of talked about other stuff and whatever that quickly is there opportunity for like other staff and seller nurse nursing staff anything like thing like that to utilize the system
Nathan Peereboom: yeah, I mean everyone can use it it's a full electronic health system so for electronic health record system so anyone can use it it's really popular obviously with clinicians that are seeing patients and need to like create notes but we have administrators who use it we have compliance folks that use it we have coders that use it. You know it is like the central spinal cord system for those who would choose to use it that way and as part of our a la carte approach to pricing and feature disclosure you can just pick and choose what works best for you. You don't have to actually purchase the whole thing. Or even purchase the whole thing for everyone. Or purchase a identical feature set for everyone you can pick and choose exactly the features you want on a per seat basis so that anyone in your organization can find and benefit from whatever piece the technology they find and benefit from.
Taylor White: Right okay yeah that makes sense it's good to know it's kind of like not built just for the provider. Do you have something on that a la carte pricing structure or anything like that?
Nathan Peereboom: No it's it's going to be custom for you guys. Yeah because of your size so just let me know what you're looking for and then we'll create a package for you. But Taylor the other thing to remember is that and I think we talked about this. Really what you guys should do is a pilot you know cuz then a pilot you get everything but it gives you the information about what is moving the needle what people like what people don't like and then after that the pricing conversation is you know way easier to have. Because there might be things where you're like oh man that's like totally priced too high and then you do the pilot and you realize we don't even need that.
Nathan Peereboom: Right and the other way around do you think to yourself oh that price is too low I wonder what that's all about and then you find out hey this is incredibly useful. So it works in all different ways but the pilot is when you that's when you get the most custom data about what actually you need and want and jot psych and so everything about our sales process is pushing for these like pilots that we really don't make any money from and the reason is because the best advertisement we always say that's the best advertisement for Jotk is when people just use it and benefit from it. So you know whatever we need to do to make that an attractive thing just let us know because that's how we want organizations like yours to see the software. We want them to to just be like oh my gosh it was really easy to learn it changed everyone's life our clinicians are happier our coders are happier our administration gets the reports they need we want we want that sense that everyone is having this incredible transform transformative experience and it's hard to do that with just checking through features. Because when you ask about a feature. You can't really evaluate is it a high quality feature? Did they check the box or is it really good? Do people use this feature? You know will people use the idea that a clinician would write down their notes? In Jot psych would they even use that like you you don't know even culturally like if that's something that's normal.
Nathan Peereboom: So my whole press here is just try it just like get as many people on it as possible and give it a try.
Taylor White: Okay that's what my next question is do you suggest how many people for a pilot are just as many that are willing to try it?
Nathan Peereboom: What we suggest is that you know it's an unlimited seat pilot so what we suggest is you guys don't have to run that you just give us a list of all your clinicians. We set up you know a kickoff meeting and two check-in meetings and we also send an email to everyone and anyone who wants to participate can but even that you want to know you want to know how like do people engage with this well who joins two weeks in because they heard from their colleagues that it was really worthwhile? I think. And again the cost of the pilot doesn't scale with seats so the cost of a five person pilot versus an 85 person pilot it's exactly the same. We need the stake fee just cuz we like to come out and visit you and we just have to make sure that that's rational for us and you know we don't show up to an empty hospital or an empty clinic but it's there purely as like symbolic pricing basically. So my my gut would be. You know the software is designed for like you know it's B2C style software like it's healthcare software but it's not like epic epic is designed so that you know only administration can really buy it. It takes all this time to set up it's great it's really robust I'm sure you love epic.
Nathan Peereboom: But it's not it's not designed for clinicians it's designed for administrations and it's designed to be sold through administrations and used and integrated as like administratively.
Nathan Peereboom: Jots like is different it is software that is designed to please clinicians and is designed to be something that they love using and that feels like a gift from their administration. And by the way solves the financial challenges of documentation for the administration so it's it's really not something where you should think oh there's going to be all this setup cost and it's going to be hard and there's integrations and all that like you can go to your website right now our website right now click start a trial and begin using the software. It's really really fast.
Taylor White: I think my next kind of. I really like my the CMO we have here to look at discussing with me and discuss this pilot option and look at it. I think that would be the most valuable.
Nathan Peereboom: Awesome okay great well how do we make that happen how can I be helpful?
Taylor White: That's the one that's on vacation right now so. I will discuss with her and kind of see where we're at in our CFO as well who's involved in all the conversations of course the FAO I don't just mean the money piece but a lot of other pieces as well. RIT everything like that. Kind of. All those different pieces and go from there I think is where we're at right now.
Nathan Peereboom: Awesome should we look at calendars and see if we can get this on the calendar?
Taylor White: Sure we we can for sure and I can she's seeing patients as well so sometimes we might have to adjust but we can definitely get something on there.
Taylor White: Awesome okay great.
Nathan Peereboom: How was. Let's see how. Would Friday sound oh no she's on vacation sorry she's on vacation this week. Okay how about Monday at 1:00 PM?
Taylor White: I think she's back on the 24th.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay yeah no that's totally fine okay how about Friday the 27th.
Taylor White: I about that day as well wait yes. No worries unfortunately the day after Red's opening day so which is a holiday for me
Nathan Peereboom: okay now no worries at all how about. Okay how about Monday the 30th.
Taylor White: Yep we can definitely get that on the calendar and I can talk to her that gives us a good amount of time because sometimes they can be a little busy what hurt beautiful okay how does.
Nathan Peereboom: Let's say 3:30 p.m. sound.
Taylor White: Perfect I like all the threes.
Nathan Peereboom: 3:30 at 3:30 actually if we did three could we do a full hour. All right great. What's your CMO's name.
Taylor White: Is Dr. Danielle Johnson.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay great. Perfect and do you mind just sending me Danielle. Email so I can fire her this this invite.
Taylor White: Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: Do you want to just put it in the chat here and I'll send it over should we.
Taylor White: Let me check. Yeah it's just David not Johnson at Linder. Okay put that in the chat
Nathan Peereboom: if you'd like awesome thank you. There are a bunch of different ways to spell Danielle so there's multiple here.
Taylor White: As long as you get Linda right then you're pretty much on the right track usually. That's the one that trips everyone up.
Nathan Peereboom: Linder gets people lenders so easy
Taylor White: they get the that second and get some.
Nathan Peereboom: Oh. Yeah actually got me too I'm just realizing. Well I'm glad I didn't send this before wind nerve yeah Winsner great okay let me fire this over to you. Oh I'm excited this is great we're going to.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah I think that this should should be something that. I feel like there's there's not there's a real opportunity here and you guys are the perfect customer for us to serve youe're exactly who we built the software for so that's always a great thing to find out.
Taylor White: Yeah yeah and I know she's excited about that she's something she's been asking for for a while
Nathan Peereboom: beautiful okay great well everyone's got the invite we will be there in ready and ready on the 30th. I'm going to add a little. Do I have your phone number Taylor.
Nathan Peereboom: No I don't know can I just shoot you a text on the 25th that's just it's going to be a text that's like hey anything that we should remember for for. For Monday because I think that would be really nice.
Taylor White: Yeah it's 859.
Nathan Peereboom: 859.
Taylor White: 12.
Nathan Peereboom: 912 3703703. 7 and three okay cool and I'm going to shoot you a little text right now. It's neat okay. Got it. Anything we should. Dr. Johnson. All right I've got on my calendar. And I will reach out to you via text then okay all right sounds good all right Taylor. Thank you so much I really appreciate just like your thoughtfulness and help here and I'm really excited I hope that we can make this work
Taylor White: yeah I appreciate it as well appreciate all the information all right very helpful.
Nathan Peereboom: All right take care thank you yeah hi.