Christopher Hume: Good. How are you doing? Good Friday.
Bill Eberhart: Happy Friday. Oh yeah, it is Friday.
Christopher Hume: Hey, almost there.
Bill Eberhart: Yes, sir. Good to see you again. I wanted to personally thank you or your company, whoever sent us the gift basket of the cheese and oh my God, of course. Yes, it was awesome. I picked out on it. I ate it within like two days. It was ridiculously good.
Christopher Hume: That's what we like to hear.
Bill Eberhart: Don't tell Brittany I ate it all because.
Christopher Hume: Yeah, no deal.
Bill Eberhart: DL. Yeah, it was actually sitting in her office and it was the one week I checked with the mail every week after 5:30 today I go to the office and I go check the mailbox and I go get the mail for the whole week. It's just like one mile down the road. And that was there was one week where I had skipped. Yeah. And I don't know when the box was delivered, but it was a nice air conditioned office in there and stuff, so. But it was still delicious. The cheese was good still and I think it was crazy. So how are you?
Christopher Hume: Good? I'm not sure were you sort of tracking the back and forth with Richard.
Bill Eberhart: Richard who?
Christopher Hume: Richard Wright. Richard Wright.
Bill Eberhart: Back and forth. So we used him. He helps us get nurse practitioners. Are you familiar with him?
Christopher Hume: Oh yeah, yeah. Through like a funny coincidence, I was working with Richard to kind of help clean up his account. And he's like, oh, here are the ones that we need to here's the here are the JATS like accounts we need to take off my account. And it turns out I guess you guys actually at one point had a got psych account through Richard's company. You or Brittany on the emails like, hey, here's Chris. I'm like, oh my God. It's funny, I talked to, you know, you guys all the time about other stuff. And so we were just having a quick Britney set up just a quick meeting. So just to see what was going on. Not sure how much you actually use your chat psych account, but we just deactivated it. So Richard won't be charged anymore or anything like that. And then if you guys want a new one, probably the easiest thing would just be create a new one. With different email address.
Bill Eberhart: We have a nurse practitioner actively using it. Right now to do a lot of her notes.
Christopher Hume: Wonderful.
Bill Eberhart: I don't know which one she's using, but I'm just letting you know, yeah, we definitely need to need it.
Bill Eberhart: So, okay, then let's whatever we need to do to make that happen, we're going to do let's just see Tidemark.
Bill Eberhart: I'll give you my credit card right now.
Christopher Hume: Put it on the business. Do you know what? Email address they'd be using or what the provider's name is?
Bill Eberhart: Yes, the provider's name very specifically is Aaron and her last name. It starts with E R I N and then it's a habit in front of me actually. I'm doing, I do provide a payroll today. So I know exactly what her name is. Filter this data set by. Here is HAY. T A I A N. But do I need to, we need to specifically have her email in the system there.
Christopher Hume: So let me, I can get that. Do you just know what account she's been using?
Bill Eberhart: I don't reel that. I'll just look, let me look check one password here.
Christopher Hume: Yeah.
Bill Eberhart: PSY. K. So we have a B wagner at TidemarkTherapy.com. Well, I say we have it. I mean, it's saved in our system. It says SmartScribe slash JOTSYC. But let me open a fill and sign it and sign it.
Christopher Hume: Yeah, that one started. Being used last month.
Bill Eberhart: Yep, yep.
Christopher Hume: Okay. Um, so that one is currently deactivated and there's no easy way due to kind of our purity and HIPAA setup to get it out of Richard.
Christopher Hume: Um, so I think what would make sense is if you can just give me the Aaron's email, I'll just send her the sign up link with UCC. She can sign up and then you guys have whatever the 10 days or whatever to put in your, your payment information just so we're not messing up her workflow.
Bill Eberhart: Yes. Yeah. Her email is, let me go over there. Good question. Again, whatever we need to do to make this happen, it's definitely needs to still happen. So because it's, it is literally a. Super critical element of the entire process that must happen the way that you guys are doing it because it's so awesome.
Christopher Hume: Yeah. No, it's a joke. It's like magic, right?
Bill Eberhart: It's yes, yes, yes. I'm not going to say it's not, it is. It really is. You guys should be, you guys are very proud of your product for a good reason. It's a very nice, very good product. Be cool. I would also be very proud of what you guys are doing there. So that's a good work. So let me. Okay, let me go. And now that I'm saying that too here, I'm thinking to myself. You know, the. Okay, so her email, sorry, I'm on track.
Christopher Hume: No.
Bill Eberhart: Email. So it's easier to sell it now than I think about like that. As needing it. Like, no, we totally need it. We need it.
Christopher Hume: Bill, do we actually, now that I'm sort of thinking about this live, do we want to create an admin account for you or just use your. Your admin tide mark account? So we can do like a free administrative account. And then that way you're in charge of who's on, who's off, probably a little bit easier than us just setting up one of your providers.
Bill Eberhart: Yes.
Christopher Hume: Yeah. So let's do that. So you can just actually show me, just go to jotspsych.com.
Bill Eberhart: Okay, I'm there now. Hold on. I'm going to go there now again. I'm dyslexic. I have this, I don't spell everything really well in the word psychiatry is very, I have to memorize the PSY part.
Christopher Hume: It's psychiatry is, yeah, no, it's a nightmare every time on a club. Like it's J O T everyone always thinks I'm saying job site, the amount of times I've had to scream into a phone. No, it's jocked. It's tough. So then if you just create an account with your admin email, so it's like create account sign up now.
Bill Eberhart: Got it. Okay. Sign up and then do admin agmin at T I G E N A I P V. And now I'm going to do password. Oh, I get to set my own password.
Christopher Hume: Right? Oh yeah, yeah, yeah.
Bill Eberhart: Okay, now I'm going to save it in. I save it in the right vault.
Christopher Hume: For us. Yeah, right.
Bill Eberhart: Well, you know how that goes. You guys also use one password?
Christopher Hume: I actually use LastPass, which I need to switch because they had like that. Reach a little while ago. So whenever Quantum. They, none of the passwords were exposed, but the encrypted passwords were exposed.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Hey, Brittany. Hi, I'm so sorry.
Christopher Hume: I'm late.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): I had a finish of conversation, but I'm glad.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): No, no, no. To talk.
Christopher Hume: So Brittany, I was explaining to Bill what happened. Usher, I guess you were probably tracking because you're on the email chain. But Richard had done sort of a cleanup of his e-psychiatry account. Right. You were one of the accounts down there. I'm doing with Bill is setting up kind of an administrative job sec account for you guys. And that way you and Bill have access to that admin account and you can add and remove any providers.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Yeah. Can I tell you where I'm at with that, though, Chris? Yeah, yeah, yeah. You know, if you looked in the user history, I never used it. I don't see very many patients. I have two patients. I see a week sometimes. And, and I didn't use it. And the first test that I did, like I had to switch devices and then only partially recorded it. And, and that's fine. And then the next, the next session that I did just talked about. She was talking about five different people and basically, oh, my goodness, it was treating it. It was treating the conversation. It wasn't a good note is when it boiled out to you because it sounded like we were having a personal conversation, so that didn't help.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): And so then I used it yesterday on Wednesday, but I forgot to go back and look at it. And did you deactivate my account? So I'm still just trying to test it. Yeah.
Christopher Hume: I don't know how it works. I don't know.
Bill Eberhart: Our mobile phone number. I'm doing pretty well. So getting started. I'm signing up for an ad. He's giving us an admin account, Bernie. So we're going to do the corporate thing. So we do it. The phone number is going to be in the 903 2131005, right?
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Yeah, that's fine.
Bill Eberhart: And then the specialty. There's therapists, psychologists, social worker, counselor.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): I mean, is this a path, Chris, where I choose like the most, like, highest provider type? Cause we've got psychiatrists or does it matter?
Christopher Hume: Bill, you can choose whatever. And then as soon as Bill sets up that admin account, I'm going to switch you over to just an admin. So it's not going to be provider specific.
Christopher Hume: And then from that admin account, you can add people as you'd like. And as they come in, As they come in, they just choose what's the most relevant level for them.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): And then Chris, I think I need to go through like, you know how you're doing the onboarding process with like brain health and stuff. I really, I really don't know what I'm doing in setting up the tablets, so I need to do something like that and making sure that, like everything jives because, you know, when it was talking about what she was talking about, she was all over the place. It just wasn't a good note. And I don't know how to control for that, you know?
Christopher Hume: Well, that's what I'm here for. That's quite literally my job, Brittany. So we can kind of set up those templates for you.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Great. That'd be wonderful.
Bill Eberhart: Brittany. Oh, she cut out.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Okay. I'm blowing my nose and I don't think you guys want to see it on camera.
Bill Eberhart: I got the security code. Now I'm going to do, it says English and then we do subject terminology. It's going to be. Patient.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Oh, Chris, can I also, Megan with Visia Wellness said she wanted to set up a demo of the full EHR software because Athena's really pissing her off.
Christopher Hume: Perfect.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): So yeah, yeah. I told her to give me a few times, and then I guess I can coordinate it with you and put something on your calendar. Is that how we need to be wonderful? Yeah. Okay.
Bill Eberhart: Do you guys feel comfortable with your EHR at this point? To, you're good right with it?
Christopher Hume: So what, how big is Visio?
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Oh, they do like it. They do about 260,000 a month. There's bravado and TMS.
Christopher Hume: Okay. But there's seven providers.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): There's, there's not seven. I mean, do you count the med techs and the sitters?
Bill Eberhart: Yes, because they're doing notes.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): No, they're not. The PMHMPs are the sitters just sit.
Bill Eberhart: I mean, if you're going to, if
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): they observe, then let me clarify this, Chris. There are med techs that are doing the TMS visits as well. So would those count as.
Christopher Hume: Staff, they would probably count as staff if they're taking notes.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): If they're, you know, but it's, but it's not AI. It's, it's templated that you have to do with brains way.
Christopher Hume: No. Yeah, that's actually a really good question. Because do they submit their notes through your brains wave?
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): They just have to store the clinical notes, but it's all just, it's, it's statistical documentation. Like we did a herds and a pulse that people reported, you know, they didn't have these questions, and it's just chat boxes.
Christopher Hume: Yeah, that's probably not something that would be, that they would do in Jot psych. Yeah. Just because like it's so much of it is automatically filled out in the other software.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): But it's not, it's not something that they log into with Brain's way. It has to be part of the clinical note documentation.
Christopher Hume: Oh, interesting. So would that mean like the. Would be putting it into.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): UCAD out? Sorry.
Christopher Hume: Can you hear me?
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Oh my goodness. Now I can hear you.
Christopher Hume: Oh, I sang. So is that going into a note that. A provider is making or do they just have one solo note?
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): It's the techs are making it and the providers have to co sign it.
Christopher Hume: Okay. Then yeah, we would count them as like a user and as a seed.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Okay. And then in your capacity for your product, you can actually, they can, they template that out because it's not AI scribing so that it's check boxes. That's the issue that we have and all the, I mean, you're going to be facing that with brain's health too. Yeah.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): So this is a very real question.
Christopher Hume: Yeah. And this is frankly something that was a challenge when we were working with Dr. Alec because they do it as well, right?
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Because he has all everybody I've referred to does all team essays, bravado.
Christopher Hume: So it's all very much like this.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): And they have to do RIMS requirements. Like they have to put pulse oximeters and stuff in there. So there, there are hard concrete facts that they have to record.
Bill Eberhart: So I just thought of this.
Bill Eberhart: I don't know from a, I used to be a software engineer. So from a development, from a developing the software coder perspective, you could still have the AI generate. What it believes is the best thing. It also, you know, you could also give it a combination too or what the template suggests. They have like, for example, your checkbox stuff, right? And then now you allow those two things to be slightly different colors maybe, but you have a checkbox next to them and you say, I want to keep this, keep that or check the ones you don't want and they're all checked, unchecked.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): And what's, what's going to happen, the concrete data that they have to put in is the, the pulse and the hertz frequencies are different in the time intervals are different.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): So they have to manually location. Yeah. And they have to manually put that into the note.
Christopher Hume: Okay. And Brittany, do you have any examples of these notes?
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Yes.
Christopher Hume: Yeah. I think what'd be really helpful.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): I'll give you access right now. It's in my text.
Christopher Hume: And then I, I just need to set aside time with our engineering team. Like we do so much work with TMS clinics. I just need to talk to them. And I've actually, yeah, never seen how. It. I don't think I've ever sat in when a TMS clinic is using Jotzy. So I just need to see like what other clinics do. So I'm ready to talk about it on that call.
Bill Eberhart: Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. You definitely, you definitely, definitely, definitely want to, I would, I would literally just Google or do it or do an AI, you know, Gemini search in Google and just literally say, can you walk me through what I hate?
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Do I need to share this with night two or anybody else?
Bill Eberhart: I haven't either.
Christopher Hume: I think, I think me is fine for now, Brittany.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Okay. I'm sharing that now.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): And so there's a difference. You're going to see the eval note templates in there, but then, then you're also going to see just like the session visits with the, the pulse and the Hertz frequencies.
Christopher Hume: Okay. Thank you.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Yeah.
Christopher Hume: And then. So I guess just going back to the. Bill setting up the admin account. I see that you're rocking and rolling. So we'll call this, I'll rename you guys.
Bill Eberhart: Mark.
Christopher Hume: So you will kind of now from that account, you can invite any of your providers. I'd say the only thing the flag is that Brittany, your personal email, the one, it's out personal, one that's like Brittany at Tidemark. Yeah. Yeah. That we can't take, we can't move accounts from in between groups. I know Richard is kind of an edge case because he has people from different.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Can you just give me the last note template that I did for Sandy?
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): That's all I need.
Christopher Hume: Yeah, I can't give you the note, but I can give you the template.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): So what I recorded, you can't give.
Christopher Hume: That old account and just make sure Richard gets a credit. Would that work? I just can't move notes.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): It's really not worth it. It's really not worth it. If you can help me do the, if you can help me fix everything else, like we're fine.
Christopher Hume: Okay. Do you have templates, Brittany, that you'd like us to, that you'd like to set up?
Christopher Hume: Yeah, I can get you.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): I can get them to you.
Bill Eberhart: Yes.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): I think I did already did get them to you.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Like I shared them with you two months ago.
Christopher Hume: Oh, perfect. Okay, then I'll just make sure I have all those email search with has attachments.
Bill Eberhart: And you'll be able to see.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Well, no, I shared it. I shared it on the drive. I gave them access to my shared drive. Danielle gathered on for me, and then I shared the folder with them.
Bill Eberhart: So. So if you search for drive.google.com and also Brittany Wagner's email admin, then you would be able to hopefully find emails with attachments.
Christopher Hume: No, not attachments, but you know what I mean.
Bill Eberhart: I'm going to, do I enter in my card here, the Bank of America credit card that I have. From you?
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): I haven't used it.
Bill Eberhart: I've never used it.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Does this need to go under mental health managed? Timer VA services have art therapy.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): It's, it's technically it would have to be time on therapy, would it not?
Bill Eberhart: No, no, no. This is the time of VA expense. It's technically MHM expense.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): So, okay.
Bill Eberhart: Because she's part of the MHM.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Yeah. But before we get it set up, like, can I not put a credit card on file right now and like we can like, it's a demo because we don't have anything set up.
Bill Eberhart: Yeah, Brittany. Yeah. We got a 10 day trial.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Okay. Of course.
Christopher Hume: Okay. Yeah. And then so and so Brittany, you can actually the admin account that. Bill just set up is currently tagged as a clinician too. I was going to take that off, but I'll just leave the clinician tag on there so you can log in, try it out once you get those templates in there. And then if any of your providers want to try you or Bill,
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): whoever logs in, I want to, I want to try and like, I want to try to recreate. Like Bill, I'm just going to tell you some shit to say and you're going to be the patient. I need to, I need how that works.
Christopher Hume: We recommend it.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Yeah. Yeah.
Christopher Hume: Well, it's, it's always funny, Brittany, when worlds collide like this, like I've interacted with you and Richard so much independently. And then all of a sudden when Richard created a email thread with the three of us. Yeah.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Pretty funny. Well, to be quite honest, it wasn't until. Like two weeks ago, a month ago, I remembered I had an account that he had for me. And I was like, oh, I'm going to just see how this works for my template because my I had enabled simple practice AI, you know, like their little clinical note inside of it for my providers because they gave me a 60 day free trials. My staff use it. And I'm not even going to tell them. And then and then I just deactivated it because nobody said anything. And then two of my providers came back and said, you have to give it back. Ok. And it's phenomenal. It does such great work. And I was like, oh, okay. But we're going with Joss hike and they're like. And they're like, I don't care. I just want AI note taking me a scribe, right? Yeah.
Christopher Hume: Yeah. It's funny. Everyone fights and doesn't want it and then it's not everyone, but some people. Then as soon as they start using it hard to go back.
Bill Eberhart: Yeah, it's the difference. Literally the difference between you're walking around your whole life and then all of a sudden somebody hands you a teleportation machine.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Through it. Truly.
Christopher Hume: Well, Brittany, I'll take a look on Drive and just make sure I can find those.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): And then I'll have one of our here. I'll show you what it looks like right now. I'll just pull one up so that you can just kind of conceptualize it so you don't have to go hunting. Why did this do that? That's so weird.
Bill Eberhart: Okay. It was just like, do you need the text notes?
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): I mean, I've got the PDF. I'm going to give him this. Don't worry about it, Bill. So, you know, there's always this little phrase that says the attending was there. And then it says the protocol was used and, and this is the location that they list. And it's always just these initials.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Like, you know, that dorsolateral prefrontal cortex is what that stands for.
Christopher Hume: Oh, so this is the GMS though for yes.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): And then, you know, they have to list the device. They have to list the coil that they used. And then they say it was a 19 minute standard protocol. And those deviate, those vary for, for the protocols. And then they have to manually type in the pulses and what the trains were seconds and then how many totals there were. And then they have these stock questions that they always have to ask. Okay. And then, yeah. And then you'll see these, these right here. These are the percentages that they ran out. Did they complete, you know, 70% of it 100% of it was ending amplitude, you know, because they'll change the, the percentage. That's the dial on the teams device.
Christopher Hume: Yep. This is pretty similar to what. Dr. Alec and healing circle has.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): So this looks interesting. Their notes are better. Okay. This, this clinic snows better. I really struggle with Dr. Alec. I said, you have to use this. They had to go through three template revisions before they got it right.
Christopher Hume: Ish. Have you ever been to their office? No, it is a beautiful, peaceful. They have quite a nice vibe on the inside. Yeah. Yeah. It was fun getting to meet all that.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Yeah, they're crazy. But I like them.
Christopher Hume: I was going to wait for you to say it. It was so funny. Dr. Alec disappeared for like two hours while I was there. And he comes back. He's like, sorry, I went home and I was trying to fix my wifi. All good.
Christopher Hume: I got to hang out with your staff.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): I learned a ton. That's them. They're, they're a little kid, bit chaotic, but they're kind of. They have an endearing attitude, you know, they do. They're great.
Christopher Hume: Well, Brittany Bill, I have to jump, but we'll, I'll make sure you guys are all set up. Okay. And then yeah, I'm sure we'll chat at some point, whether it's about this, whether it's about video, whether it's not someone else next week.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Yeah. Okay.
Christopher Hume: And Bill, I see you might be chatting, but you're on mute.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Oh, and actually this file that I just shared with you today that's also where Danielle uploaded all my templates for my clinic. So you'll find all of it combined because I was like, put all different kinds of templates in here because we're going to have all these services with mental health damaged.
Christopher Hume: Yeah.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): So, yeah.
Bill Eberhart: Oh, I was going to say, sorry we didn't talk about our other partner relationships beforehand. I don't know why we didn't say we also know this person and that person, whatever, because you guys are using the same software product.
Christopher Hume: You know, we all are so, but no, no worries at all. No worries at all.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Yeah. I mean, I name dropped. I told Nate that I knew Richard and, you know, and he didn't make a big deal out of it. And I was like, this is going. We're going to cross paths at some point.
Christopher Hume: No, I know. I like knew it intellectually. But when I saw the email with all of us combined, it just cracks me up.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): And so where we at, I just need to know how did stuff go with brain health? What's going on there?
Bill Eberhart: They had lots of meetings. I've been.
Christopher Hume: We've had lots of meetings, but they kind of delayed the pilot to next, next month. I guess they're going through a big transition right now, both operationally and with their other tech. And David was pretty swamped. He's like, hey, like no one's going to try a new software right now. And we have a kind of reengagement on May 7.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Okay. Gotcha. Like, as far as the other clinics, like, I'm not, I've kind of slowed my role on, like, telling other clinics, like about you and, and stuff like that. So just so that we could kind of get through these cadences because I knew that there was going to be, I knew that there was going to be pain points with survival and TMS. I just didn't know what it was.
Christopher Hume: Yep.
Christopher Hume: So it'll be so we, I think we have a few weeks left Dr. Alec and Healing Circle. So I've been meeting with them. Roughly weekly. Kind of, I think a little bit of a friction point right to start there was the data transfer. Yeah. We got that all sorted out. So they were pretty stoked. It was fun. I was going to call with them last week and Dallas hadn't realized that we had kind of gotten all the data in. She was going through and she's like, oh my God, wait, the data's here. So that was a good call. Yeah. And Dr. Alex using us and they were talking about hopefully switching at the end of the pilot. So that was looking pretty good. Visio. I need to check back in.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Just, just CCB that on the email, and then that'll be the way that we coordinate them scheduling something. Perfect. Yeah.
Christopher Hume: Okay, perfect.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Perfect. Okay. And you're, you guys are still okay with the cadence with everything for, like, how we like until we get these holes figured out with the TMS and the Spravato. I don't want to refer anybody else, like until, like, we operationally get through it.
Bill Eberhart: Well, at the same time, Christopher, let us know when you need more people or whatever if you're, you know what I mean? Like, because we don't want to jam-pack you and then have a train wreck.
Christopher Hume: And then yeah, chill pack. No, I need to touch base with Nate to kind of see.
Christopher Hume: Yeah, I've been kind of in the, in the blender the past couple weeks. I went to Fargo on a Thursday and then Buffalo for a different clinic on a Tuesday that I came back and I was in New York City the week after that. So I've been, my head has been spinning. So I need to touch base with him and just see kind of if he wants to try and do some more referrals or if he wants to do sort of a wash debrief before we do the next tranche.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Yeah. I think, I think we need to come back and do a debrief because we do have some things that we have to fix to, to make this, like, you know, palatable for everybody.
Christopher Hume: Yeah, absolutely. Okay. All right. Thanks. Okay. Have a great weekend, guys.
Bill Eberhart: We also want to be respectful of your development track in your existing.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Yeah, we know you got a roadmap. We know you have a roadmap.
Christopher Hume: Hey, we got a road map, but don't tell the engineers probably hate me because I'm always trying to move stuff around to serve clients.
Christopher Hume: So don't worry if, yeah, I'm in the same boat as you guys worry about the roadmap.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Okay. All right. Sounds good.
Christopher Hume: All right, talk to you guys later.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Bye.
Bill Eberhart: Bye.