Christopher Hume: Want to give you guys at least a few days to get up and running there. And then next week or the end of this week, I kind of see it as an opportunity for. Yeah. You guys to us to do sort of a cockpit situation where you take the first crack at responding to customers. Maybe you run some customer meetings and I'll review the message before it goes out or I'll be on the calls just to make sure that if you end up in a sticky situation, like looking for a custom section, which I know we went through, both of you in your interview, you'll have someone on the line to help you there. So does that sound good? Any questions off the bat?
Garden Gioia: No.
Ryan McAnelly: No, sounds good.
Christopher Hume: Okay, so since I'm talking about that funny missing section thing, just want you guys to know that maybe last Thursday or Friday, I was working with Nate, our CEO and he was like, he was trying to do something. He's like, chris, where is the custom section? Why is it not here? So you guys are not alone in having to push through that. Okay, so to kick off, Ryan, Joya, do you want to just do like a quick introduction? Ryan you, then Joy you, and then I'll introduce myself. I know you guys know me, but I'll give a rundown.
Garden Gioia: Sure.
Ryan McAnelly: Yes. My name is Ryan. I live in Myrtle Beach, South Carolina. Now, the reason I came across Jet Psych and I'm really excited about this position is that my wife has a company that she needs some help part time. So I'm hoping this fills the gap elsewhere. I have a background in sales, so I'm super excited to get into this and know, work with customers, with the clients and help them, you know, get through their issues.
Garden Gioia: Awesome.
Christopher Hume: Nice to meet you.
Garden Gioia: My name is Joya. I'm in Denver, Colorado and I'm actually a therapist. So I have my own private practice. I've been running that like going on seven years at this point. And last year I just started to get the itch to be like, what else could I do? Like being self employed and got interested in just like looking at jobs and what's going on in AI and the therapy world and then came across this listing for JOT Psych and then took it from there. So yeah, excited to excited to see what happens with this, to be honest.
Christopher Hume: Me too. Thank you both. So Chris, obviously both know me growth and operations at JOT Psych. I'm based in D.C. i do a lot of things. I'd say I'm primarily responsible for sales and for customer relationship management. So lucky for me When I get a challenging customer in the door, I often. And have to deal with them for the entirety of their time as a paying customer. It's the best of both worlds. So kind of, yeah, I'm building a team right now of SDRs and customer success people. I sort of see this customer support role as a stable for as we scale and as we start growing and growing to pluck people from who start off as customer support. They know the ins and outs of the customer to move them into sales roles where they'll be, you know, technical experts, you know, very confident selling the product because they know the issues it solves. Or customer success roles where they kind of, you know, move a level up and instead of just trying to fix triage problems and fix them when they come in, actually building relationships with high value customers and getting them to increase the amount of money they spend with Jot Psych. That's kind of what I do and how I see this team. Just kind of want to be upfront there. Okay, so I think we're going to walk through this onboarding document together and then would love to talk about kind of scheduling for the week, both of your availabilities and then we can come up with a plan for. Yeah with the next 10 business days are going to look like. Any questions before I jump in here?
Garden Gioia: Nope.
Christopher Hume: Okay. Welcome to job site. You know we're so happy to have you both aboard. Just administrative requirement. I believe you both signed your contracts but if you have not if you could make sure that is done asap, especially because we have the, the privacy and HIPAA stuff in there, that'd be great. I think you're both good. And then again I just, I cannot iterate enough how much we value playing around with J. It's. Yeah. It's just so important for this role and for any future ways you may contribute to Jot Psych to be really familiar with the software. Okay. So expectation expectations for week one. So really week one is just an opportunity for us to work together, kind of get a tempo, train you guys so you can understand what our process is. Then the goal is next week. I really, as I was saying, love for you both to start to take some of those responsibilities off of me and the rest of the team and do first drafts at responding to customers, at developing resources for customers, even meeting with customers if possible. So successful week one, get through all the onboarding materials. Most of them are here. We're going to handle daily customer support tickets together. So I'm going to screen share and we're just going to chew through the backlog Just so you guys kind of see how it works, I'm going to ask you questions. I'm going to ask for your thoughts as we're going through them. So the idea is next week, when you're working on or the end of this week, when you're working on drafts for these tickets yourself. You're not like, holy shit, I've never seen this before. What's going on? That a shadow. Customer support meetings, probably only one at a time. A little overwhelming when we outnumber the customer three to one. But I would love to pull you guys into meetings I have as this week, maybe just to watch them happen. And then next week we switch roles again. You're going to know jot psych like the back of your hand. You're going to contribute to our daily stand ups in a constructive manner. At the end of this week, I'd love for you guys to start working on either templated responses to complaints. We're seeing a lot this week. Develop a training video, something like that. We can talk about that later this week. You don't need to worry about it now. And we might even push it to next week. So any questions here about kind of expectations for week one?
Garden Gioia: No. Are the daily standups, are these morning meetings?
Christopher Hume: Yep.
Garden Gioia: Cool, cool.
Christopher Hume: So I know again, sort of a long and winding interview process for this job and so I want this trial period to be as straightforward and kind of expectations as clear as possible. All right, so here we have some growth. North North Stars. These are probably a little bit more relevant to sales than to the work you're going to be doing over the next week or two. But I do want to share them with you because we've found very successful when you're dealing with customers. And something both in customer support, customer success and sales can be very helpful with this space. So one be curious. We're like hugely curiosity focused. So whenever you're on a call with a customer, going erring on the side of asking them too many questions is how we want to position ourselves. Again, you know, we want to minimize background noise. When you're on a call with a prospect, you want to make sure that you get them booked as quickly as possible. We want to always offer value. We want to be as friendly as possible. We found that this cohort really, it's really good to build like a personal rapport with them. So that's why we start again. Not for the calls you'll be doing but for cold outbounds. Start with a hey, this is Chris. How are you doing today? Like for some reason these people will talk to us so much with that kind of asinine question. And it's just something as like an ethos as a company. We just. I want a flag for you. These are a little bit more tactical. Yeah, there we go. Any questions there? Of course you'll have access to this.
Garden Gioia: The questions.
Christopher Hume: And then onboarding. We're not going to go through all this right now, that would be far too painful. But I'd recommend, or I would request. That you review these resources today, tomorrow and Wednesday, it's going to be videos on how to, you know, that we have with clients. It's going to be an overview of our platform, all that you're both. I was very impressed with both of you during our kind of walkthrough. So I think you're already in a very good place. But this is just a, you know, we want to make sure that it's very, very. Yeah, you know, this like the back of your hand. And this is a great way to get up and running.
Garden Gioia: Great.
Christopher Hume: So that's the boring stuff. Any questions there? Okay, so I think next, before we jump into actually starting to do some customer support together. Administratively on my end, I'm going to set you both up with jot psych emails. So for today, it. You might not have them, but that'll all be set up by tomorrow. I was trying to set them up this weekend, but I forgot I could only set up burner email accounts. We have like a second email domain that we use for cold outbound. I can set emails up there, but I actually didn't realize I can't on our resources real domain. So I usually get with Nate and get those set up, but I'm planning on doing is getting you set up with Gmail, getting you added to Slack so you can kind of peer around and see what's going on in some of the Slack channels. I'm going to get you up and running with rippling, I believe, which is how we track time and you get paid and then get you up and running with front. That's our customer support software. You don't need to remember all that.
Christopher Hume: I'm going to do it. It's on me. I just want to flag for you. I'm tracking that you don't have access to our systems yet. And it's maybe an oversight, but it's not an oversight that I'm not tracking. So you'll have access shortly.
Garden Gioia: Great.
Ryan McAnelly: Perfect.
Christopher Hume: And then the last sort of administrative thing, unless you guys are thinking of something. I know you both have real jobs or other gigs or however you want to describe them. So what is your availability? And if it varies day to day, that's fine. But I would love to set up probably two meetings a day and then we can flesh out the rest of. Yeah, and we can structure those around your availability. So, Joya, you're on the top left of my screen. So what does your availability look like for the next two weeks?
Garden Gioia: Okay, so my availability tends to change day by day. Week by week. Um, let's see. Today I pretty much blocked off the whole day for jot psych stuff. I do have one meeting at 4 my time, so 6 Eastern, but that shouldn't be an issue. All right, tomorrow. I've got our morning call and then I'm free from like pretty much like noon 30 your time until about 3:30 your time. So about like a three hour chunk. So I could do anything like. Yeah, so yeah, that's tomorrow. Wednesday I've got a chunk of time from about 2 Eastern until. Let's see, what is that? 4:30 Eastern. So that's like not great. But I've got pretty much from 11 Eastern or earlier open. I have. And I have our morning meeting on my calendar.
Garden Gioia: Okay, see Thursday I've got.
Garden Gioia: What is that? 12:30 Eastern or earlier.
Garden Gioia: Okay, is wide open for me. And then. And then after 5 Eastern or no, what is that? Sorry, after 6 Eastern.
Christopher Hume: The math always tells me the two out. I'm like I can't do it.
Garden Gioia: And I'm trying, I'm just trying to convert it to eastern so have to deal with mountain time. And then Friday I've got chunks of time between like, what is that, 12:30 until 2 Eastern and then like 3:30 Eastern until. Yeah, that's not great. 3:30 until 5 Eastern, right?
Christopher Hume: No, no, no, that's.
Garden Gioia: So this week's a lot, a lot choppier. Next week I've got Monday almost fully blocked off and I can. As long as I have enough time to block off times, I'm golden.
Christopher Hume: Yeah, okay, perfect. So what we'll do then is let me just. Well, Brian, let me hear. And we can just do this week what your availability looks like. And then once I get you guys set up with calendars, I'll just ask that you block off times. You're not free so I can check without us me pulling teeth every morning. No, no. What about next Thursday?
Christopher Hume: You just block it out and I'll schedule without asking you.
Garden Gioia: Great, great.
Ryan McAnelly: Cool. So really this week the morning's eastern time good for me.
Ryan McAnelly: Some of my afternoons get a little, little shady. But yeah, typically lean towards mornings.
Christopher Hume: Okay, cool. So lean towards mornings. Would there be availability? So how we do these tickets is we do a big chunk in the morning and then we do a big chunk in the afternoon. So completely understand if you're only available for one of those. And we'll use our daily standup probably to do tickets. But so Joy, it sounds like you're free this afternoon.
Christopher Hume: Ryan, do you have any time this afternoon?
Ryan McAnelly: This afternoon? Not. Not very much later in the afternoon? Yes.
Christopher Hume: Like what time later?
Ryan McAnelly: Like after four.
Christopher Hume: Oh, yeah, yeah. Do we want to do. Would a 4:30-5 Eastern check in with all of us work and we can clean out the afternoon tickets?
Garden Gioia: Yeah. 4:30 to 5 is like 2:30 to 3. Yeah, that works for me.
Ryan McAnelly: That's perfect.
Christopher Hume: Okay, perfect. And then let's just do one day in advance and then hopefully we can get you all set up with accounts and then I'll just schedule them ad hoc afterward. What time tomorrow afternoon works for you guys and all. Good. If you don't have availability in the afternoon, every meeting doesn't have to be everyone.
Garden Gioia: Let's see, Eastern Choia.
Christopher Hume: Is that what I was tracking?
Garden Gioia: Tomorrow would be like 12:30 until 3:30.
Garden Gioia: Okay, so it's like early afternoon.
Christopher Hume: Yep. Would 3 to 3:30 work for you, Ryan, or no Eastern it should work. Okay, then we'll get that on the calendar and then those will be our two signposts the first two days. And then we can kind of adjust as we hit a tempo moving forward.
Ryan McAnelly: Cool.
Garden Gioia: Okay, cool.
Christopher Hume: All right. Anything else before we move to the fun part?
Garden Gioia: No.
Ryan McAnelly: Okay. I think I'm good.
Garden Gioia: Yeah.
Christopher Hume: My God, we have so many tickets. I. This is tough. So this is front. This is how we handle customer support. And so a big portion of your roles, especially next week, will be resolving these or triaging them to the appropriate people. So a lot of it is like we do the same things over and over. And I'll show you how to resolve some of those issues. But some of them too, is knowing when something is sort of outside of our control. And we need to check with the engineering team. So let me actually hire. I'll get you admin access to jot psych. Two to do list.
Garden Gioia: Is it Chris? Is it pretty much just you doing like customer support right now?
Christopher Hume: Right now we have a very painful process where every week. We have one person who is responsible and so it is just like a weak murderer. So we'll have one non technical person and one engineer on call. So the non technical person is either me, Nate, Adam or Becca. What we do is like handle all the hand all the bullshit basically and like clean it out and then like, hey, whatever, Engineers on call. I have this problem. Problem. This problem, this problem. Don't know how to resolve them. Can you take a look? And that's how we do it.
Garden Gioia: Yeah.
Christopher Hume: And the goal would be that you guys would sort of take over that customer support from kind of incoming tickets and then also handle scheduling the follow up meetings or the customer support meetings where people are like, oh my God, I don't know how to do this. Can you walk me through it?
Christopher Hume: Would love to have you guys doing that as well.
Garden Gioia: Great.
Christopher Hume: Okay, so let's look at shy Warren. Their account is not active, so no idea what's going on here. So what we do, go to the JOT psych admin panel. So it's jottec.com admin shy1 wonderful no account. So let's try their email address. Ah, Sheila.
Christopher Hume: So then you go, this is kind of an overview of Sheila's account. So you can see her recent notes, her recent transcriptions. You can also look at what templates she uses. And then if you in her organization or what her subscription's associated with, click on that. Oh, incomplete, expired. Wonderful description.
Garden Gioia: Yeah.
Christopher Hume: So I gotta go look at Stripe. Oh my God. Of course. I'm signed out. You guys probably won't have to go to Stripe. If you get to a place where you're like, it says her subscriptions out of date. That would be. Okay, time for you to escalate. Our engineers are trying to get us out of playing in Stripe. How come it kind of results in inconsistency when you have people like me going in there and just like fixing stuff by hand. We really should have a consistent engineering solution. Okay, this is super odd. I've never seen this before. So this is just going to have to be elevated to the engineers. And I will. Elevate to. Engineers. Chris to sends. Sorry.
Christopher Hume: Okay, I'm just gonna do that. You guys. We're not gonna have a. This is painful enough. I'm not gonna make. Have you guys watch me respond to every email and then like painfully type it out and read it out loud. Don't need that. Okay, so this person, he wants to add Alyssa to his account. So it looks like his group is called Modern Mentality, and Alyssa is the name of the person he wants added. So you go here on the left hand side, there's this button. Organizations, Modern Mentality. Oh, looks like Alyssa's not here. Awesome. Just double check everything. Once you add someone to a group, you can't unad them. So just good to double check.
Garden Gioia: Okay, that's good to know.
Christopher Hume: Yeah, it is very good to know. The engineers would be very displeased with me if I added the wrong person.
Ryan McAnelly: So once added, does that change their monthly billing?
Christopher Hume: It automatically updates the billing for in this case, James, it'll go up $150 a month.
Ryan McAnelly: Okay, so we need to relay that to him. Or is that something that he should.
Christopher Hume: If he asks for us to add? We're good.
Ryan McAnelly: Cool.
Christopher Hume: Yeah. It's resolved to send email.
Christopher Hume: He just Account block. Geez. Oh my God. Shy is sending a lot of emails. Fair enough. Evan. My God.
Christopher Hume: So Evan is saying he has a particular patient name or demographic that keeps popping up in multiple patients notes. Can you remove that information if I give you the name, etcetera? I'm not sure if it's HIPAA comply. This might be the only person in our entire customer base who actually respects patient information. They're notoriously loose, this cohort especially. So what this likely means is that. So what do you guys think it means? Actually, let's make this a little interactive and not just me rambling at you. What would your guess be for the what the issue is here?
Garden Gioia: Hello. Particular patient name, a demographic info, and multiple patients notes. Can you. I'm not sure if it's a compliant person. A particular patient name, a demographic info
Christopher Hume: is showing up in all of his notes.
Garden Gioia: Huh, huh. So like a demographic info. So like their like race or something like that keeps popping up in other notes. This patient a, you know, black male or something like that. Yeah. Okay. So the question was like, what, what is that?
Christopher Hume: Like, what do you guys think is happening? And no worries, you don't know.
Christopher Hume: I'm just trying to make this interactive and not a brutal.
Garden Gioia: My, my guess is that the scribe, like feels like it's been like trained to like include this demographic piece in all the notes. And so it just keeps repeating it 100%.
Christopher Hume: What happened is he probably had a note with, let's say, Chris Hume, a white male. And he's like, what the hell? Like, include Chris's name. And he went, make sure to always include Chris's name and that he's a white male. And then accidentally press train. And so it's very likely now that that's just like hard coded into the training and jot psych's like, oh, he told me it's always Chris. So what we'll do is we'll go to Evan's account and Ryan, it looked like you were going to say something, so did you have an additional thought there?
Ryan McAnelly: I was just going to say, can you, can you train the system to not do that?
Christopher Hume: Like, yeah, he can reach, he can retrain it. But what I would do is we go to Evan Weber, we go to content.
Garden Gioia: How do you know it's the right Evan Weber?
Christopher Hume: Oh, that's a really good question. I just assumed we have a small enough patient base that it's very unlikely. We have, but was there. A lot of people actually do have duplicative accounts. So let's check.
Garden Gioia: I don't know if I see multiple, but I was just curious. Okay. Because.
Christopher Hume: Yep.
Garden Gioia: Okay, cool.
Christopher Hume: How I would check is like, when was his most recent note? It was this morning. So it's probably great. This one we can guess the template he's using is absolute newest progress note. But best practice would be like, hey, Evan, respond. Like, hey, Evan, can you give me a date and time of the encounter where this happened and tell me the template you used and that would allow us to have all the information. We could check the note, see how it's presenting. We could check the template. So we'll just look. Let's see what happened here. So this is interesting. I don't immediately see an issue. I don't see any names hard coded. In here.
Garden Gioia: Wait, wait.
Christopher Hume: I'm sorry. How this works is so like, you guys have seen the front part of JOT Psych where like you put in your prompt and then it magically makes these changes. What happens is when you tell JOT Psych you want something trained on the backside, customers can't see this, but it's building a very robust prompt for JOT Psych that tells. It's like, hey, this is how they want the note every time. So this is the prompt and this is an example of what it should look like. So I don't know what's going on here. So I'm going to ask Evan for more details. I'm going to say Chris, to ask Evan an example template type.
Garden Gioia: Okay, so you're making an internal note to yourself to go back and execute on those notes.
Christopher Hume: Yeah, that's just because typically I only add notes when I'm tagging an engineer. I go like the engineer on duty is Marcus. I go on at. Marcus, can you take a look at this?
Garden Gioia: Got it.
Christopher Hume: Ryan, any questions from your end?
Ryan McAnelly: No, just. How will we know who is the engineer?
Christopher Hume: That's a great point. So because I am somehow have made this little niche for myself as the customer support guy, every Sunday I will. I will send a slack message for who's on duty. Okay. And there's also a page that automatically updates in notion that I'll get you access to, but for this week it's Marcus and next week it's. I don't know off the top of my head, but good question. That sucks. Okay. Trying to cancel my subscription, so huge bummer.
Garden Gioia: Okay. Okay.
Christopher Hume: So we would go. Sonia. This one is actually painful because I think she's a group. Sonia. Oh crap. She's admin in a group. And what we do is we go into stripe. This again for the time being is something. If someone wants to be canceled, you would reach out to them and say some. We'd say something very nice like, I'm so sorry to hear that, you know, Jos isn't working for you. Would you be comfortable sharing any information on why it didn't. Work. We'll share your calendar link. Ideally we could get you guys to salvage it. Hey, we'd love to have a one on one session just to see if there's any support. Rest assured you won't be charged again. And then you would slack me and be like chris, cancel their account or just make sure they don't get charged again.
Garden Gioia: Okay.
Christopher Hume: Double tap.
Garden Gioia: They're my.
Christopher Hume: And it had another issue today signing notes in hopes of saving them. But they were back to the original of the older center. If I go back to the. So the issue here is he can't find his notes once he signs them. I think that's what we're going to say the issue is here. Do you guys know what could possibly be happening?
Garden Gioia: Huh?
Ryan McAnelly: Once they're saved, don't they get exported out to the. What is. I forget what it's called.
Christopher Hume: The ehr.
Ryan McAnelly: Yes.
Christopher Hume: They're still in job psych. They're still on job site.
Garden Gioia: He probably.
Garden Gioia: Yeah, so he's looking in the wrong section.
Christopher Hume: Yeah, he probably is looking at reviewing notes and he's not looking at all notes. Happens sometimes they just like you can look at all your side notes, you can look at all the notes that haven't been signed or you can look at all notes and sometimes people have it sorted and then like lose their. They're like where are my notes? So okay, okay, nice. The third time when the. Oh my God, I'm not okay with $300 a month. I need to deal with that. We're not going to go through the painfulness of doing that right now. Okay, so Glenda it appears is missing a note. So unfortunately when you do, we've done like 2.2 million notes. Unfortunately some get stuck processing. I have to ask an engineer why. But one of your jobs is going to be the magician behind the wizard of Oz who gets these resolved. So we're going to go and I'll show you how to do that. Again, I apologize. These first couple days are gonna be kind of painful as we're doing this together, but probably less painful than be throwing thrown off the deep end.
Garden Gioia: Yeah, yeah, this is helpful.
Ryan McAnelly: Yeah, absolutely.
Christopher Hume: Okay. So Glenda, luckily she has an email associated with the one she reached out. She says 217 so it looks like something's. Missing. So this is a good opportunity for us to. Oh my God. Explain the difference between transcriptions and notes. So transcriptions are any recording in jot. Psych creates a transcription. From that transcription, you can generate infinity notes. So most people don't only generate one, but you can keep selecting new templates and generating new notes just off of that one transcript. The important distinction here is often ja. Psych will create a transcription and then it'll freak out. Well, relative term, often it'll freak out while it's creating the note. And so what we have to do is we go in here, we look at transcriptions. Oh, holy shit. Not good. Not good. And we can see. Oh my goodness. Glenda has been having some serious issues. So you can see chunks are chunks of audio that are transcribed. So we can see all of last week she was transcribing a ton and then generating almost no notes. So from her perspective she is like wtf? Like I can't think. She's only asking about OneNote.
Garden Gioia: And you're saying like, are those signed notes or are those just like any sort of note?
Christopher Hume: Okay, this is anything at all that resembles a note. So from her perspective she either sees nothing or sees like a. Just like a processing and has seen it for like a week or five days. Which customers do not love, as you probably know. Joya don't love when after a session for five days they can't access their notes. She is specifically looking from 2 hours, 17 minutes and 26 seconds around 2pm so let's focus on that one. So this one, the frustrating thing is it actually varies by what time zone they're in. They see it in their time zone and I see it in my time zone. So where Glenda is, she's in Georgia. Okay, so she's on eastern time. So she is probably talking about this 224 one that's missing. I don't know why she's not asking about anything else. Well, let's go to this one. And then all you have to do is, oh, it looks like it's completed. Now she'll have the note.
Garden Gioia: Oh, okay.
Christopher Hume: It's just the engineers. Sorry, I keep forgetting I'm sharing my whole screen. But the engineers have set something up so that we have a manual just retry button. And that's all it takes is a manual retry. Probably best practice is I'm going to need to go in here and just generate all of our other notes because this is. Crazy. And this is so bad that I'm actually going to see the engineer on duty and be like, hey, Marcus, I need you to take a look at provider Idah. None of her notes are processing.
Garden Gioia: Okay.
Christopher Hume: That is not normal. That's like a huge failure of our software that she hasn't had a note generate since last week.
Garden Gioia: And chunks mean. Wait, can you go back to that other screen? So, like, when it shows a chunk, you know, 14 chunks, what does that mean? Exactly. So there's like one session where it like, just like.
Christopher Hume: It's just a way of how we measure the. The audio that's transcribed. We break it. The. I don't. But the engineers break it up into chunks and those chunks get uploaded, transcribed, and then put into a transcript. So if you see something like this one chunk. Not a good sign. Probably not a ton of content going on there. Something went wrong. Not good. It's usually like high single digits and up. You could tell that she has some pretty long sessions. Yeah, look at this one. 39 chunks. So it went from 2:24pm to 3:30pm so that was a really long session.
Garden Gioia: Oh, yeah. The start and end time.
Christopher Hume: Okay.
Garden Gioia: Okay, Very cool. Got it.
Christopher Hume: Brian, any questions from your end?
Ryan McAnelly: No, but really, you're saying we won't. We probably won't see this very often, but if we do. This is an engineer.
Christopher Hume: Yeah, this is like, you probably fix them all and just generate all the notes and then be like, at. Marcus, wtf is going on here? We have a customer who's not getting any of her notes. Also, I don't even. And she canceled her account too. Like, of course she did. She didn't get any notes. That sucks. So this would be like a great opportunity. Like, I don't want you guys doing this this week, but, you know, sometime in the future as like super customer support or a customer support person transitioning to customer success. This is someone you call and you're like, hey, this is Joya. Or this is Ryan from JOT Psych. I saw you're having some issues. I'm so sorry to hear that. We have them resolved. Our engineers are working to figure out why they happen to begin with. Can I offer you a training session and whatever, 15 free days to, like, properly try us?
Christopher Hume: Because this is clearly someone who is high intent. Like, this is a tragedy. She had 20, 26 sessions and she only ended up with 19 notes. So we failed her on seven transcripts. Like, that's something that I hope kind of if this role ends up being a fit for you guys that you can sort of help fix some of the issues we face with engineering and paper them over while we get them fixed through your wonderful. Personalities and customer support.
Garden Gioia: Is it. Is it possible that it was user error, or is it absolutely an engineering thing?
Christopher Hume: It's definitely possible it's user error. Like, maybe she never generated any of her notes. Like, there is a button where you have to go, like, generate note. But I think kind of how we look at it is if, like, someone who really wants to use us and is right in our target audience then goes into the platform, records 26 sessions and still can't figure out how to use us, even if it's, like, technically user error, it's we messed something up.
Garden Gioia: Yeah, that makes sense. Okay.
Christopher Hume: The idea would be for you to get online and figure out what's going on here.
Garden Gioia: Okay.
Christopher Hume: All right. So AWA Diaquite is saying, can I access my notes? It's not okay. This is one no idea what's going on here. We're just gonna have to send her an email and be like, hey, are you missing a note? Can you send me the date and time? You guys will learn people are just absolutely brutal to customer support staff. Like, they will send messages that, like, don't really make sense.
Christopher Hume: They will be aggressive. You're like, you're in mental health. Are you supposed to be, like, high EQ and nice and like, oh, my. I had this one guy, and the interesting thing to remember, and sorry, kind of rambling here, but a lot of times the people who are the most challenging and the most aggressive and threatened the most actually will never leave the platform. Like, I had one woman who just, like, absolutely excoriated me, like, 10 months ago. Just, like, calling me, like, called me, like, six times. It's crazy. Don't give out your personal phone number. I don't anymore. I have, like, a burner, so don't give up personally. She called, like, six times. She excoriated me. Whatever. Yep. She's still using us and just converted to an annual contract, so she'll be with us for another year. This other guy sent me the nastiest messages right when I joined JOT Psych, talking about how, like, we didn't care and, like, we had horrible customer support. How could anyone be so disrespectful? And this was again, 10, 11 months ago, and he's still using our platform. So I say that just to be, like, don't get too emotional about it, because it definitely hurts the first few times, and we're going to lose some customers. But also a lot of times, the customer type that is so invested actually isn't going to leave us. Okay, guys, this is exciting. Can we tell? Do we know what's going on here?
Garden Gioia: Let's see. I think people going need help. Add a section to a template. Perhaps it's one of those custom sections that has befuddled all of us.
Christopher Hume: Oh, yeah. And befuddling customers. So the issue is now when you create a custom section, you can't use it in multiple templates. It's a source of a little bit of tension. Right now we're working. The business team and the engineering team are trying to sort that out, but it's just a change in the software. This person's confused. We're just going to need to explain it's no longer possible, but we're going to end. The classic thing to say here when someone's pissed off about a feature that we probably should have is like, hey, I'm so sorry. It's currently not feasible. This is the closest workaround we can give you. I'm going to flag this and add it to the product roadmap. Thank you for your insight. So they feel like they're being heard. I'll show you in our. In our meeting this afternoon how you add things to the product roadmap. But that's kind of the best we have.
Garden Gioia: Okay.
Christopher Hume: Yeah. How do I respond?
Garden Gioia: Receipts for my taxes?
Christopher Hume: Absolutely. Well, it's a manual process. This is something that you would escalate to probably me and be like, chris, Loren Corcoran wants receipts. I. I would have to go into Stripe, our billing platform, and get them. So, yeah, that would just be an elevate.
Garden Gioia: Don't they. Don't they probably get like a paid invoice? No.
Christopher Hume: The crazy thing is, Joya, I have no idea because I've never played for paid for job site. They should get a notification, but it's actually like, probably the only part of the software I've never tested. Yeah, that's a good question, though. So that would be something to probably be like, hris, can you share receipts at engineers? Do they receive them on cue? This is the customer who just excoriated me earlier last year, so early 2025, and then converted to an annual customer, I think last week. So she wants to add users to my account without them having access to my clients and notes. Um, this is simple, like, yep, sounds good. We can set that up for you. Um, and then as customer support, customer success people, I would highly encourage you to get on the line with Bola and this person that they're trying to add. Like, hey, can we set up a call together? I can get them on board and we'll set up all the permissions together.
Garden Gioia: Huh? Okay.
Christopher Hume: Just because, like, this is a prime example of like, they're offering to bring someone on. Like, let's not let them off the hook and be like, oh, yeah, you can do that. Because who knows?
Garden Gioia: Okay. Okay. Can they? But they can. They do it themselves, technically. Like, is there a way for BOLO to do it?
Christopher Hume: Yes, they can. It's just, like, a huge. Another engineer salesperson fight is that you can add someone, and I'll show you guys how. So if you go your practice clinicians, you can invite users to your group with this button. However, they already have a job site account. Whether it's a paid account, a trial account, a canceled account, this button doesn't work. It can only be used to add new people.
Garden Gioia: I see, I see.
Christopher Hume: So what happens a lot is they're like, oh, my colleague Chris just created an account. I want to add them to the group. Why isn't the button working? And, like, best practice is like, you know, if you sign up for Microsoft, you don't create your own Word account with your own personal email and then ask your firm to add you. That's just insane. Unfortunately, we're in a position where some of our customers have kind of wonky workflows, and we just have to accept that. So that's what we're trying to fix. But that's how you would do it and how they can do it if the person doesn't have an account. Okay, let me go for air here. So that was all of the new tickets. We're now going to look at all the assigned tickets. So tickets get assigned to people either when. Push this assign button up here, or if I responded, let's say to if I responded to Laura and sent her an email. What it does is it automatically archives, and then if Laura responds to my response, it will put her assigned to me up here.
Garden Gioia: Okay.
Christopher Hume: As customer support people, we disregard the assigned thing. It's basically like, if it's here, we clear it out. We're not like, oh, well, technically, Lee sent this email last week, so it's not my problem if it's our week, it's our problem.
Garden Gioia: Okay.
Christopher Hume: Oh, my goodness. Okay, so this looks like lazy me. She's one of our biggest customers. So you guys know. So if you see anything coming from her in the future, we make sure she gets the VIP treatment. They've spent tens of thousands of dollars with us. Okay, this is Sonia. That is just a completely abhorrent issue that we have here where we're not allowing people to cancel our subscription. So this is just. I'm going to elevate this to the engineers. This seems to be a customer who's begging us not to charge her. I'll have to rew. Like, this is something we'd have to read through all the context.
Garden Gioia: Okay.
Christopher Hume: Yeah. So it seems like Nate has drawn a hard line here on, like, we're not going to offer free extensions for no reason. Like, that's not really a way to run a business. Just like, oh, you can't pay. Let's just give you free access. So I think probably just gonna be a very nice email. Like, sorry, Kesha, like, we don't have any flexibility here. That said, like, I'm happy to get you up and running. You can set up time with me. I'm happy to talk about it. Like a soothing situation.
Garden Gioia: Okay.
Christopher Hume: Goodness. So again, maybe it doesn't. To make this slightly less painful. These. It's essentially, you just need to read the context and then see, like, okay, can I resolve this ticket? Like, is this a standard? Like, oh, something's missing. Oh, I need to regenerate. Or is this a. Hey, I need to pull in the person who was handling this and have them jump back in. So any questions here?
Ryan McAnelly: So for this one, for instance, if we needed to pull somebody back in, how would you do that? And then also, if we resolved it, how would you clear it out from here?
Christopher Hume: Oh, great question. So if anytime you reply to an email, the automatic thing is send an archive.
Ryan McAnelly: Cool.
Christopher Hume: If you're responding but it's not resolved, or it's like, how I think of it is if you're either sending them something and they need to respond, so you're like, hey, can you give me the date and time of your note? Still send and archive it. Because if they don't provide date and time, we're not going to guess. But if you're like, I'm so sorry for the frustration. Let me get back to you. Then you just pop up. Coming up. Can you see?
Garden Gioia: Then you just.
Christopher Hume: So it's like, still here as a reminder that you need to follow up either.
Garden Gioia: Okay. Yeah, that's good. That's good to know.
Christopher Hume: Oh, my God, this is such a nightmare. We, like, we have too many old tickets in here. Like, this is not. Clearly, stuff was slipping through last week. So a lot of. Again, a lot. When you see like this, it'll probably fall to you guys eventually, but to me this week, to bang the table and be like, at so and so. At so and so. At so and so. We have all tickets in here. They need to be resolved. Can you please jump in?
Garden Gioia: Okay.
Christopher Hume: Not going to ask you on trial day two to add our head of engineering and request he handle front tickets, but eventually that will be a part of the job description. So let me pause here and show you some of the other, like how you would request customer support, other places where we can track things.
Christopher Hume: But any thoughts here? If it's helpful to at least get an idea.
Ryan McAnelly: Anything else that's super helpful. Seeing what you know, everything on the back end and seeing how the processes work and kind of I know it'll get easier day by day for sure is very, very helpful today.
Garden Gioia: Yeah, agree.
Christopher Hume: Day one. Scary, let me tell you. I remember it well. Just being thrown into the front inbox, dealing with customers. Okay, so we use Slack. I need to add you guys once I get your new email set up. But Slack is how you would request like a bat signal, a show you our customer support. So. Okay, show my screen. Anyway, so Slack would be how we manage most of this. And what would be particularly relevant to you guys is one customer support. So this was me assigning the customer support people on Sunday night. Adam was very lucky. He got a reprieve. I realized since the three of us should be doing these together. Adam actually didn't have to manage front this week. So you'll see here, like at Marcus Irvin, Catherine so and so is unable to do what can we do to resolve it? And then typically you go back and forth in slack threads to get to the bottom of it. So you can specific or generic questions here. Does this make sense for like how you put up the bat signal?
Ryan McAnelly: Yep.
Garden Gioia: Wait, can you repeat that? So, yeah, can you just clarify that? I want to make sure I got it.
Christopher Hume: So it's just like if you have a question, you're like, generic question. How do I. How do I help someone with this? You can put it in. Or if you're like, hey, Marcus, like, you have an outstanding ticket from last week. Can you like take a look at it? Or at Lee, you're on duty this week. I have three tickets remaining in front that I don't know how to resolve. And you would do that in customer support.
Christopher Hume: Okay, again, kind of advanced mode, something you guys don't need to worry about this week or next week. But how you track product requests, you're like, oh, yeah, we're going to look at that. We have a little automated thing here where we go lack agent and you tell it either a bug you're facing or a feature you want developed. And it will automatically track it in our engineer's backlog, let users edit their transcripts.
Garden Gioia: Not just their notes.
Christopher Hume: And so this again, sort of advanced customers or stuff. But I just want to flag for you, since you're asking, okay, how do we ask for help? How do we add stuff to the roadmap, et cetera. And I have one more thing for you guys, but let me, again, I've been doing 90% of the talking, so appreciate hearing with me. Any questions, thoughts, general questions about the week, anything like that?
Garden Gioia: I do have a question about tickets, actually. When you're, you know, maybe you, you like at Lee something for something, do you then respond to the customer to say like, thank you so much for reaching out? I've escalated this to our engineering team, like, just so they know, sort of depends.
Christopher Hume: If it's like, it's like a, it's a fuel thing. It never hurts to say something like that. But if, like, if they send you a request at 9, at 9:15, you tag Lee and it's like a low priority thing. It's someone like, why are my notes, you know, something like the demographic thing, where it's not like killing someone's workflow, it's just a pain in the ass. And if you catch them and it's like, oh, they submitted this ticket 10 minutes ago. You don't have to respond. You can just be like, at Lee, can you take a look at this? And you would do the little internal note that I was doing both in front and then you would tag them in Slack. So that's a feel thing, but that's a good question.
Garden Gioia: Okay, so you do the internal note and you tag in Slack.
Christopher Hume: Yep.
Garden Gioia: Okay. Okay, Okay. Okay. Okay, great. Do they get annoyed by that if they're getting tagged in Slack and the internal notes?
Christopher Hume: No, because we handle so many of the, the tickets, we. They are very lucky. They are shielded from the vast majority of the requests and anger and occasional happiness very often that comes in through the front bot. So, no, they don't mind. You just sometimes have to follow them because, I mean, we all work really hard. But the, the engineers have a ton on their plate. They're quite literally building our plane as we fly it. So naturally, rolling out a new feature to every single one of our customers in their brain is going to take precedence over responding to one angry person. So not this week, probably not next week, but it falls to us to make sure that they remember we have to sometimes help those people.
Garden Gioia: Okay, cool.
Christopher Hume: Last thing on front or customer support. When we send out marketing messages, we're like automated flows. Not going to explain the ins and outs of that. You guys don't need to worry about it. But if they respond, it's into this thread here called Marketing sms. Probably a few text messages a week that come through are valid and worth responding to. Thread mostly people telling us to stop sending the marketing. But sometimes it'll be something like, hi, I signed a subscription. And so sometimes there's good leads in here and you just want to make sure that you see those and you, oh, that's so great. Like can I get you on a call to walk you? Like if they seem to be high value. Again, not going to be asking you guys to do all of this immediately. This is a next week task maybe, but just kind of want to use today to do the deluge of information, all the systems we're working with. And then we'll try and probably the next couple days you're going to be learning and then we'll try and give you some very discreet places where you can plug in at the end of this week and beginning of next week. Okay, so I think probably 11 is, or a few minutes after 11 is where I want to wrap this up. So we don't just all day spend talking about front tickets. I have a customer support meeting today, day at, At 1:30 Eastern. So if either of you are free and interested in attending, you certainly can. But no pressure. And we've had actually like a dearth of customer support meetings this week, which is bizarre. Of course, when I have you guys kind of learning the ropes, no one's scheduling meetings. But. So that's one we have today. If either you guys want to attend, you certainly can. And then I'll ping you guys if any more come up as they come up. They certainly will.
Garden Gioia: Yeah, I'm free for that meeting.
Christopher Hume: Okay, cool. Then I'll pull you in as a attendee. No, like I'll just introduce you, say, hey, this is my colleague Joya.
Christopher Hume: And then you won't need to take any action, but it'll just let you see how it works. And then, Ryan, we'll get you onto the next one.
Ryan McAnelly: Cool.
Garden Gioia: Yeah.
Christopher Hume: So for today, just a couple last administrative things. Please make sure you're tracking your hours by hand. Sorry, that's a pain. We'll probably move you to our automated tracking system this afternoon or tomorrow. I said sometimes for the temporary periods we just do it all by hand. So I just want to flag that for you guys. And then do you guys have any questions for me?
Garden Gioia: So we're. But we're. We're planning to meet later today at.
Christopher Hume: Was it 4:30 Eastern? Good question. 4:30 Eastern? Yep. Should be on both of your calendars. And again, these first couple days here are training learning. So please, like if you want to spend a few hours reading articles, playing with the software and you want to come with questions, that is like a great use of time. The only bounds here are probably 20, 20 hour maximum on these two weeks. I would expect, expect about a 10 hour minimum. So as long as you're in between those beacons or buoys or whatever we want to call them, I'm pretty confident, yeah, that training is a good use of time, especially this week. And then Thursday, Friday and all next week we'll be working on some more execution and deliverables and I'll be very clear on what's expected.
Garden Gioia: Great.
Ryan McAnelly: Perfect.
Christopher Hume: Cool. Any. Sorry, guys. I know quite a way to start your Monday.
Christopher Hume: Just chewing through like front tickets. But it'll be a little fun when we get in. It'll be more fun when we get to meet with customers and actually help people. But any questions about run, about customer support or about these two weeks before I release you and allow you to, I don't know, get a coffee, take a walk to wake yourself up, anything like that?
Garden Gioia: No, not right now. That was helpful.
Ryan McAnelly: No, it's super helpful and I appreciate the notion. Notes. I love everything you wrote out there.
Christopher Hume: Everything.
Ryan McAnelly: It's perfect.
Christopher Hume: You try to make this as easy as possible once you get you here.
Ryan McAnelly: We don't want it to be confusing.
Christopher Hume: We'll set you up with all your accounts the next day or so. Just need to get Nate to turn them on.
Garden Gioia: Cool.
Ryan McAnelly: Awesome.
Christopher Hume: All right, thank you both. I'll talk to you later. And Joy, I'll talk to you in a few hours.
Garden Gioia: Sounds good. Awesome.