shelleykelly72: How about now?
Lee Harrold: Hey, now I can hear you.
shelleykelly72: Before you got here. I told the thing to turn on the camera and everything. This is hold on something else popped up.
Lee Harrold: Okay. It doesn't seem to listen very well.
shelleykelly72: Here we go. And I don't use this Gemini, so. I don't care.
Lee Harrold: X off my screen. What's that behind you? Your background is super cool.
shelleykelly72: This is my home office. On this side. Is like there's an original Atari. Like Wonder Woman and some zombie things. And I like hockey. And then it gets into video games. But I collect video game consoles on that side.
Lee Harrold: Oh, that's so cool. I think it's like a little grainy for me to make out. I think one of them is a Nintendo 64 status. I see an Xbox maybe.
shelleykelly72: I would have to turn around. There's original PlayStations original everything. Yep.
Lee Harrold: And then of course, thank you for paying the pet techs.
shelleykelly72: I appreciate it. She works with me every day.
Lee Harrold: She's like.
shelleykelly72: She working hard.
Lee Harrold: Just do whatever part. So Shelley, thank you so much for reaching out. I've been trying to reproduce kind of like what you were describing. And I'm not having a lot of luck. So I'm really looking forward to day for you to show me what's going on so I can fix it for you.
shelleykelly72: Okay. How do I show you or do I just walk out loud?
Lee Harrold: Yeah. So the bottom of what we're looking at, there's like a smiley face if you mouse over, it's just center reaction. Just to the left of that, there's going to be an icon.
shelleykelly72: I see this my face.
Lee Harrold: Got it. Sweet. Yeah. To the left of that, there's one share screen. And then you have a couple of options at the top. If possible, if you could click the share entire screen. That way, if you switch tabs or anything, I can follow along. How's that? Loading, loading.
shelleykelly72: Okay, it's there for me.
Lee Harrold: Okay.
shelleykelly72: Does it?
Lee Harrold: When you clicked it, did it say it was like about to start presenting or something?
shelleykelly72: It just says entire screen and I can see you and I can see me. And the screen in between. So it's sort of like a mirror, mirror, mirror kind of thing.
Lee Harrold: Sounds like it's working. I'm going to leave this call and return to this call.
Lee Harrold: What's going on?
shelleykelly72: No, I still see you. I see you in the middle.
Lee Harrold: See, I'm going to turn on sharing. On my end. So do you see my screen right now?
shelleykelly72: I got lots of screens. There's me on the bottom. You're above me to the left. There's picture in picture is open because that's about all I can see. And then there's another one that says you're recording. And I can see the ocean and the chart turtles.
Lee Harrold: Okay, well, I guess the other way we could do it is I could on my account sort of try to walk through the steps and then you could coach me since we, I can't see if you see your screen. Do you want to try that?
shelleykelly72: Yeah. Can I hit cancel on this share screen?
shelleykelly72: Because it's just taken up the space.
Lee Harrold: Okay.
shelleykelly72: So if, oh, that's a bummer because I actually saved one.
Lee Harrold: But so, oh, okay. Maybe now that we canceled you, we could.
shelleykelly72: Yeah. Okay, let's see.
Lee Harrold: Go into my share.
shelleykelly72: Go into the entire screen. There's something that says also share all audio outputs. I clicked on that.
Lee Harrold: Yeah. Is that okay?
shelleykelly72: Cool. Then I hit the share button.
Lee Harrold: Oh, you know what? Are you on a MacBook?
shelleykelly72: No.
Lee Harrold: Oh, sorry. I think that happens sometimes. There's like a, like a settings pop up where it won't, it won't tell you that it's broken. But it won't actually show.
shelleykelly72: With one of these other ones work better. The window or the Microsoft Edge tab.
Lee Harrold: Yeah, try that. Try that window.
shelleykelly72: Well, you can probably see things that you shouldn't.
shelleykelly72: I can't see anything right now, so I don't know what else to hit.
Lee Harrold: So you click the little window and then the bottom right, you click share.
shelleykelly72: Yep.
Lee Harrold: What, what other, maybe we can use a different platform. Do you have Zoom installed?
shelleykelly72: Yeah, that's what I used every day. Uh oh, you left me.
Lee Harrold: Actually, that was very dramatic. I'm sorry.
shelleykelly72: I clicked the wrong button. Yeah, no, I was like, how do you want me to go over there? And you're just like, wait.
Lee Harrold: Do you want to, do you want to open a Zoom link and send one to me in this chat and then I can join you there?
shelleykelly72: Meet dot Google. Why is this weird stuff popping up? That's not what usually happens. Picture in picture automatically. What is this? Okay. Whatever. That's weird. This is not what normally happens when I click on my. What about that email that you sent me? Can I just like close all this out and send you one in that email and then you can jump off?
Lee Harrold: Yeah, let's do that.
shelleykelly72: Weird. Okay. Okay. Bye. Let's go into here. And. Here. Get the link from here.