Nathan Peereboom: All right.
rupalkpatel87: Dr.
Nathan Peereboom: Patel, how are you?
rupalkpatel87: Hello. Good. How are you?
Nathan Peereboom: Good, good. It's so nice to meet you. Where. Where are you right now? Are you in your office? Are you in your home? Where in the country are you?
rupalkpatel87: Actually at home? Had a short day, so I got home early.
Nathan Peereboom: Oh, that's awesome. Okay, well, welcome home. Happy Friday. I would. My name is Nate. I'm the CEO and co founder of Jot Psych. I would love to just learn a little bit about you and then tell you about our newest billing features, which we're super excited about. But yeah, before we get into that, can you just give me an introduction? Tell me about yourself, tell me about your world, who you see, all that.
rupalkpatel87: Yeah. So I own a interventional psychiatric practice, so I do not do medication management. I only offer ketamine, spravato and TMS treatment treatments. So pretty much like with the ketamine, it's all cash pay. However, what the TMS and spravato, it is covered by insurance. So we do billing for that and we also bill for all the medical clearances due. So for every single service, what we start off with is step one, we did a medical clearance which we used a CPT code 99205 with the 90838. Because we're doing it for like about. It's like about 90 minutes long, where we do the whole intake, a whole education session about different treatment plans, trying to figure out their treatment plan and things like that and all those things. And then after that, if they choose to go towards the spravato and ketamine route, we do a preparation session.
rupalkpatel87: So we do a 99215 with 90838. So we do a lot of mental preparation therapy and all that. It's like pretty. Pretty intense with all that setting an intention whatnot. And so we. That's what we bill for. And then the Spravato CPT codes, it's like 99215. With the 994175 units of those for the spravato. And then for the TMS, we use three of the CPT codes. 908-679-0868 and 90869. So those are the. Primarily the main. That we use. Yeah, so that's, you know about me. And like, pretty much like we're doing. We're using a software called Myriad Systems. I'm not sure if you're familiar with it. It's pretty new. It's kind of like AI driven. So we submit claims and everything through the system. It kind of does the eligibility check on that already for us, but sometimes it's good to, like, do double checking for, you know, when it comes to Spravato and also tms, because, you know, they'll do, like, regular eligibility check, but not for the specific treatments.
Nathan Peereboom: Right, right. Can you help me understand what you feel is going really well for you? Also my desk is going down. What is going really well and what do you feel like, hey, this is something I'm worried about or I don't feel like, is that tight right. Right at the moment?
rupalkpatel87: Yeah. Really well for me when it comes to like documenting and things like that and treatments itself, what's kind of been frustrating is so my husband does all the billing, so he's brand new in the medical system as it is in the medical field. So it's like navigating everything as far as like checking for eligibility. And then sometimes when we're getting denials on claims and things because we do have some people doing TMS in the ketamine treatment simultaneously. And what some patients we do to ketamine treatment, we also do psychotherapy alongside with that too. And so we'll do TMS and academy assisted psychotherapy on the same day sometimes. And so billing for those has been kind of like difficult using the correct modifiers, learning to navigate all that because we're getting denials on it because of the same day. Even though we document on there, it's separate appointments at the separate times. This I even put in the time slots. Whenever I document, I make sure I put in the actual times and everything. And then for like the TMS codes, we put the modifier XC to show like it's a separate, you know, actual appointment than the ketamine assisted psychotherapy. So.
Nathan Peereboom: Gotcha.
rupalkpatel87: Been like. And then sometimes just like checking for eligibility is kind of difficult trying to figure out that and how much like because patients also wants to know their upfront cost, even like if they're eligible and stuff because Tina, sometimes they'll have high deductibles and all these things. Co insurance, blah blah, blah. They like to know exactly what they're expected to pay whenever they come up come. So that has been difficult. I don't want to be like, oh yeah, we take your insurance and they come in and they're slammed with like a 2,300dollar bill because, you know, I guess they have a high deductible.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, yeah, that's. That's really interesting. How do you all do to use myriad for eligibility checks right now?
rupalkpatel87: Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay. And if you don't feel like that's it's missing things
rupalkpatel87: actually doing a pretty good job for the most part. It's the fact like we would like to know straightforward like how much the patients would need to pay. Need to pay. Yeah, yeah.
rupalkpatel87: A lot of times, we don't know until we submit the claim and we got to wait for it to come back and take several weeks and things like that. And it's also, like, good idea to have, like, the patient's credit card and everything on hand, but we don't do that. And so I don't know how we're gonna. It's like we kind of need staff for all that. Kind of awkward for us to be like, hey, like, give us your credit card even before, you know, the first appointment.
Nathan Peereboom: I mean, that's. I mean, just separate from the job site itself. Like, that's super standard. You should totally feel comfortable doing that. Most clinics, most medical groups ask for the credit card and will sometimes even charge the credit card before the patient shows up.
Nathan Peereboom: Do you use JOT Psych?
rupalkpatel87: I've used it before to try it out. And I'm going to be honest with you. Like, I did not like it because it was just too much because I have my old way of doing all my notes and I used to use. What did I use before? It's another AI thing. I used it for a long time when I. Oh, freed AI. I was using that for the longest time when I was doing medit management, like, before I opened up my own practice. And I loved how everything was just kind of paragraph form, and I just copied and pasted everything because I have my own templates and I like to keep those.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: When's the last time you used Jot Psych?
rupalkpatel87: It was back in September.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay. When? In terms of just like, you joining this call. Did. Did. Was it Jack or Emily who reached out to you?
rupalkpatel87: I think it was Jack. It was a male, so. Jack.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay. And what did Jack say that made you interested in hopping on with me? What was the thing that he said that made you think, you know what this is? I'm a very busy person. I've got this incredible practice I'm building, but I still want to meet with me.
rupalkpatel87: No, he was like, hey, can I just have 30 seconds of your time? And you know, like. Because we were kind of like, at a point where, like, well, we want to, like, hire like, a billing company soon. I don't know quite right now. I have to ask my husband see about that because we're about to get busy with our practice and he does our TMS treatments, and so we.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, well, let me go with.
rupalkpatel87: And we wanted to go with a company that's, like, legit because we get a lot of phone calls as it is about billing companies. And I don't want to outsource that to outside of the country because that's going to make things like as language barrier, communication barrier, and it's just I have. I've hired someone out of Pakistan to do the credentialing, and it's just they did not get the job done. So I'm at a point, I'm like, I just need to hire a legit company.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, well, let me do this. Let me walk you through what we have, and importantly, like, how you can get a taste of us. And if you're interested, we can meet again. If not, there's no pressure.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, here's what I. I want to start off by saying, though, when we started Jot Psych, our goal was essentially to, like, we knew that the notes are there for billing primarily, you know, particularly with, like, TMS bravado. And insurance companies are getting really, really aggressive about denying coverage because they have, you know, they have AI tools just like we do, and, you know, they're using them to really great effects. So what we've done, what shopville is, is it's the uniting of the engine inside Job site that writes the note, audits the note and writes the claim with all the management after the claim gets written. So fighting denials, taking information about payrolls and updating it. So you should think about Drop Bill as an AI and human billing engine that transforms your notes into revenue. And I'm going to walk you through, like, exactly, like what Two things. One, what is the clinician experience? And then two, what we actually do. And then I'd like to address maybe some of the user challenges of Jot Psych that it sounds like you had. We think that we've invested a huge amount in cleaning it up since September. We know we heard from more than just you that it was busy. And so we've tried to chip away and cut away all of, like, the frill. And so, you know, today in the software, as a clinician, you can receive your eligibility checks. And if the, if the payer tells us and is willing over the phone to give the information about patient responsibility, we will present that to you. Then what we do is we write what's called a pair aware note. So we say, hey, you work with Cigna Optum and you know, Blue Cross Blue Shield, but this is a CIGNA visit. We'll write you a note that's perfectly fit for Cigna for this bravado treatment, then you sign the note and you're done. We operate as a financial advisor to you after that. We write the claims, we submit the claims, we appeal the claims, and we report out on our progress every single month. So there are a few things that make us different. And most of this comes from the fact that we are uniting a few things. One, the billing world and the note world and the human world and the AI world. All of that is getting meshed together. So, for example, we do eligibility checks. We don't just check an API, we also call. We also have an AI system that reads documents and like, you know, extracts important information when we write the note, we're not just using, you know, like, we're not just starting you out with something with no context. It's like for a cardiologist. We're pulling rules from ama, cms, the American Psychiatric Association, Ed Hopkins, like all these payers and we're building something that's really context aware for, for what you're, what you're doing. We have a special engine that like cleans the CMS 1500 before it's sent. And then we'll also help with like chasing claims, chasing patients, you know, all of even underpayment detection. You know what you want, Dr. Patel, is you want your, the contract, the RA and then what hits your bank account to be all equal, right? You want to get told that you're getting paid for what's in the contract and then you want what actually hits your bank account to reflect what's being told. And so our job, we're like tech guys. We're like people who have for all of our lives focused on technology, systems, complex data. And this is exactly what we bring to bear here. We price between 4 and 8%. But you don't have to start out with that. The way that we recommend you can get started is with what's called a job bill analysis. And basically what we do in a drop bill analysis is we say, hey, we're gonna go into your ehr, wherever you submit claims and we're going to tell you three things. We're going to tell you what are you earning today, where is your money getting delayed or lost, and what changes would unlock the most impact. So I just did two of these today and they are really eye opening because you know the nice thing about this is if you hire a biller, you want the biller to have two things. One, you want them to have really good systems. You know, you want them to be able to work with technology. You want them to be tenacious about the way they follow up and report. But the second thing is you want them to be high insight. You want a biller who is reading in between the lines, who's thinking strategically, who's got the whole picture. And so what job bill analysis is supposed to give to you for like basically no money, like the $300 is there essentially just to prevent us from doing random work that people don't draw up for. What it gives you is a taste of what it's like for us to be on your team, you know, because that's what you're hiring, you're hiring. You said it yourself, you don't want to outsource. And one way to think about outsourcing is like us versus non us. But I think that what you really want is you want a partner. You want someone who's saying, hey, we are in the same seat as you, and we're doing, you know, we're doing our darndest in good faith to protect you and to make your job purely clinical because you didn't get into this to do.
rupalkpatel87: Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: You know, so let me pause there. I want to show you some of the new stuff in Jot Psych. But let me just pause there and ask you, like, does this make sense? Like, is this. Is this kind of what you were hoping for?
rupalkpatel87: Yeah, it makes sense. My only thing is, like, a lot of my notes. Like, I have my own fill in a blank stuff. It's like really simple stuff, like for tms, like you're not really talking to people and it's not like med management. Does that make sense?
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. So here's.
rupalkpatel87: I don't know how we would like send that, like do that documentation and submit a claim, fill in a blank for that or. I don't know.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, no, totally. So the way that we recommend it is, you know, that you. Did you ever create templates in Jetsync?
rupalkpatel87: No.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, so this is another thing that we'd be happy to do as a service. But, you know, each of our templates is comprised of these different sections and we have. I think that we even have like, you know, let me see. I think we have a Spravato. Yeah. So we have like a bunch of things just for Spravato. And I think we have something for TMS too. Yeah. So we have. I don't know if you use these, but there's. There's stuff built into JOT Psych template builder that allows you to create the perfect template. And one, and this is really important, Dr. Patel, one that perfectly reflects how you want the template. Because we're not trying to tell you how to document really. You know, we're. We're there to tell you where there's risk in your documentation. But ultimately it's your choice. So when you go to make a note, you choose a template. So imagine this said tms, you know, Treatment four. So you could have Treatment four in here and then you simply record. You could dictate whatever you want to do. You can record the encounter and then you get the note. Now this is what's really new. Since you were in job psych, what we have is this program called JOT Audit. And this comes free if you are using our billing service. But essentially what it does is it allows you as the clinician to upload a bunch of rules. So you can just, you know, you give us your documents, we create a bunch of rules. These rules grade every single note so you can see exactly like what encounters are adhering or not adhering to them. And then when you go to see the note itself, you can see, hey, these are the CPT codes we recommend based on your payer documents.
Nathan Peereboom: These are the rules at risk. And what we recommend you change, you can just change it with like a single click of the button and then you can sign the note. And, you know, we can make sure that you're like, you're checking all the boxes here, too. So, you know, that's the dream. The dream again is just that you get to fully practice medicine. You know, the dream is basically that, you know, we tell you if, you know what the situation is, eligibility wise, with your patient, you see the patient, you sign the note, and you're done. So, yeah, let me. Let me just pause there. Does that kind of. Does the dream make sense? The idea that, like, the notes and the paradox are talking to each other and that gives you advantage. Okay. Cool.
rupalkpatel87: It's just, like, for me, it's, like, more difficult for me to talk into it than me just type in simple yes or no questions for my notes. Does that make sense? Like, because I already have my template for my TMS and even, like, for my sprato. Like, and sprat is mostly about, like, taking the vital signs, too. You know what I mean? So.
Nathan Peereboom: Well, I don't know. Here's what I would say.
rupalkpatel87: Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: If I were you, what I would do is I would just do the job Bill analysis. Because I understand, like, changing your habit is hard, and it might be that we do the analysis and we say to you, Dr. Patel, like, whatever you're doing now, it's working great. Your claims are high. You know, my guess, this is just my guess is that there's a certain dollar amount at which you would be willing to be like, sure, I'll turn it on when I'm just, like, dictating the end of the encounter, you know, or, you know, when the. When the patient comes in, I have to tell them anyways what happened, what we did, and what's going on. So I'll just record that and put it in the note.
rupalkpatel87: Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: I mean, just, like, was meant to make your life easier, you know, and it happens for a lot of people. And so I would. I would just say, like, if part of it is just, hey, I've got yes, no, yes, no in my template, and I can't get that in job site. That's something we should just do for you because we have tons of people whose template is binary, you know, whose template has all these sections where it's check boxes or little X's or yes, no's. That's. There's nothing more standard and simple and, you know, straightforward in medicine. Like, that's like. That's like bread and butter. Very easy to do. So don't let that be the barrier. You're leaving money on the table.
rupalkpatel87: Yeah, no, I get it. Yeah. Maybe if, like, if y' all can even help me, like, create a template for the Spravato and a tms. You know what I mean?
Nathan Peereboom: Totally.
rupalkpatel87: And then that way I'll make it easier. So if I do have to record, maybe I can just ask the patient in front of me these questions, and then it'll get everything down and I can, you know. Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. And, like, you know, you were mentioning. Okay, so, yeah, two things here. One, you can also send forms to your patient. So you could create your own form here directly to your patient. So for all that stuff that you normally are talking through with the patient, you could get it in the note, like, automatically before they come in. And then secondly, you can. You can request payment from the patient here, too, and we'll save their credit card so that you can, you know, just charge every single time. So even for. Even if you're just using Johnson for patient payments, it's really smart.
rupalkpatel87: Yeah. Wait, so is this whole thing, like a whole EMR system? Pretty much like you schedule?
Nathan Peereboom: It's a whole emr. You can. You can track. You can, like, prescribe medication in here. You know, you. You can like, you can do truly everything.
rupalkpatel87: I see. So you prescribe medications, you do the whole documentation.
Nathan Peereboom: Lab orders. Yeah, you can do lab orders, forms. You can create arbitrary documents. Like, what. What's a document that you have to write sometimes for your patient?
rupalkpatel87: Like if I need, like, additional medical clearance form signed off by their cardiologist or neurologist just to. For them to be medically cleared for one of our services.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay. Create an additional medical clearance form to be signed by a cardiologist for their ketamine treatment. For ketamine treatment.
rupalkpatel87: Wow.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, so what it's going to do is it's going to take all the data in the patient record, it's going to write a cardiology medical clearance letter, and then you can save this as a template. Look, they can just sign it.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, this covers risk mitigation. I mean, it covers everything. Vital signs. And again, if this data were in here. But like, you know, this is something that you. Yeah. You would send to a cardiologist and they could immediately just fill it out and they'd be. They'd be done.
rupalkpatel87: Okay, cool.
Nathan Peereboom: And you can save that as a template. You can share it, et cetera.
rupalkpatel87: So I can share it directly to their cardiologist if I have their fax number or email?
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, exactly.
rupalkpatel87: Okay. This sounds better than myriad than what I'm using right now. I mean, they have a lot of these features too, but I feel like you can do most of the stuff within. How much? Like, so what is your. Is it just a billing cost to get all this?
Nathan Peereboom: So if you're on our billing, the scribe comes free and the job audit comes free. So any of our billing features, if you're doing E Prescription or some of that other stuff, we have to charge more because the prescription house is charging us.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, so we pass on that cost to you. But yeah, I mean, we could. We can work it out.
rupalkpatel87: And what is like. Yeah, what is. How much is it usually like? Everything.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, so let's see. Okay. So for the basic cost, we price our billing at market standard. We don't go up, we don't go down 4 to 8%. That's the exact band of the industry. So that's what we charge. Okay. We strongly believe that we do. 10 times as well as anyone else in the industry because we have the best technology. We only focus on behavioral health. We do spravato tms day in, day out. Like, it's very, very, like, you know, understood for us. So this is like the base cost. How many clinicians are you?
rupalkpatel87: Just one. It's just me.
Nathan Peereboom: It's just you. Okay. Where, where are you guys located? Dr.
rupalkpatel87: In Aiken, South Carolina.
Nathan Peereboom: Against South Carolina. Okay, cool. So this is the cost of the billing again. We cut out the cost of the scribe and jot audit. Oh, and then we charge 90 cents per eligibility check, but you don't have to do those any more often than you'd like.
rupalkpatel87: So it's 90 cents per eligibility check.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. And that's again the thing, because we've got humans involved. We've got. We have to pay a vendor who, you know, is like giving us information from the insurance companies. Everything's metered on that side too.
rupalkpatel87: Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: So if we're getting metered for it, we have to charge people for it. Otherwise we could like go bankrupt as a company because people can just start moving too much volume through it. So we have to be aware, we meter.
rupalkpatel87: And y', all, y' all don't have the AI portion for the eligibility.
Nathan Peereboom: Oh, it's AI for sure. But like every time we do one of those, I mean, anytime we do like a, a jot audit, it's like a full dollar for us. Anytime we do an eligibility check, it's around $0.70 of cost for us. Every time we send a medication, it's, you know, it's certain the number of cents. Like there's all these like, associated costs because they're all metering us. So we're packaging it up, we're making it higher quality with rei, we're having people that are kind of watching everything really carefully.
Nathan Peereboom: But yeah, we do have to charge for like our own costs.
rupalkpatel87: Okay. So like on. So it would be either like 4, 6 or 8%, depending on the package, plus 90% per eligibility.
Nathan Peereboom: Yep, that's totally right.
rupalkpatel87: Any other associated cost?
Nathan Peereboom: I mean, you could use the whole system just like that. I mean, there are, there are other packages and like other add ons and things like that. But that's, that's the basic stuff.
rupalkpatel87: Okay.
Nathan Peereboom: And that gets you, it gets you all the notes. Auditing, billing. It gets you those three things.
rupalkpatel87: Sorry, can I repeat that? The notes.
Nathan Peereboom: Notes, auditing, billing, bargaining, billing.
rupalkpatel87: What do you mean by auditing?
Nathan Peereboom: Auditing is when you go to a note and it's this system. It's basically like you give us rules, we track exactly how you're doing on the rules, we show you where there's violations in each note, and then on the note itself, we flag those violations. For you so you can make, make the note safer.
rupalkpatel87: Okay. And y' all do this or this is a feature for us to use.
Nathan Peereboom: So if we are your biller, then what we do is we check the JWT audit before we submit the claim. Because we don't have any interest in submitting a claim. We don't think it's going to get reimbursed.
Nathan Peereboom: So there are some moments where like I'll pick up the phone, I'll be like, hey, Dr. Patel, you're Tuesday afternoon. Like, can you just like write a little bit more about the suicidal ideation section? Because, like, it was just too thin. What we found, our experience is that we do that for a week or two and then the template is so dialed in that you don't have to worry about it after. But it does take like a week or two to like get in sync and like make sure that we feel comfortable with what we're submitting.
rupalkpatel87: Okay.
Nathan Peereboom: So, Dr. Patel, I have to, I have to run to another meeting.
rupalkpatel87: Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: What's helpful for you? You know, we feel like. I mean, we would love to serve you. I think it probably would be really helpful for you. I guess the here, the things that we can do. We could start you out with a jot analysis that might be like a good first toe dip if you'd like.
rupalkpatel87: Yeah, yeah, yeah, we can do that. And also maybe before we do that, I'll let me do another call like this so my husband can be on it.
Nathan Peereboom: Awesome.
rupalkpatel87: That way he can also feel a little bit more reassured and knows what's on, going, going on. Because I'm sure he has some questions and things like that because he's the one who's actually doing our billing and all that.
Nathan Peereboom: Awesome. How would let's say 5pm on Wednesday sound?
rupalkpatel87: Let's see. Let me take a look at my schedule. Look at my work schedule. Oh, I have a patient coming in at 4. I don't. I think they might be done right at 5.
Nathan Peereboom: What about 5:30? 5:30 is great.
rupalkpatel87: And then I think because my husband usually leaves early to go home and I have to drive back home. Maybe six o'? Clock?
Nathan Peereboom: Six. Unfortunately, I can't do.
Nathan Peereboom: I've got another meeting at that time. How about, how about 3:30? Any other times on Wednesday?
rupalkpatel87: Can we do 11 o'? Clock?
Nathan Peereboom: 11 o'. Clock, you got it. All right, I'm gonna send this and we will talk then. Okay.
rupalkpatel87: Alrighty. And I know, like, he'll be there for sure.
Nathan Peereboom: So can you send me his email address?
rupalkpatel87: Yeah, it's J A Y.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay.
rupalkpatel87: E S H 177 0@gmail.com.
Nathan Peereboom: great. All right, cool. I got it. Dr. Patel. Take care. Thank you so much. Looking forward to Wednesday.
rupalkpatel87: All right, bye. Take.