Nathan Peereboom: Hi, everyone. How are you? Testing, 1, 2, 3. Can you all hear me?
shataris: Hi, I hear you.
Nathan Peereboom: Hi, nice to meet you.
shataris: You too.
Nathan Peereboom: My name is Nate. I'm the CEO and co founder of Jot Psych. Can we just go around the room and do some introduction?
shataris: So I am Shatteris and the biller here.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, awesome. Oh, we lost Jessica Shatiri. Is. I. I don't have a lot of context on your practice. Can you just give me an overview of like, who you guys are, where in the country you are, all that?
shataris: Yeah, we're located in Panama City, Florida. We are a mental health facility. Psychiatric nurse practitioner.
Nathan Peereboom: Awesome.
shataris: Okay, great. Joining. Let's see.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, no worries. And how long have you worked at the practice?
shataris: I've been here for a year and a half.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay.
shataris: Okay. Awesomeness.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, that makes sense. And what have. What. What is your. I know you do billing. What does that process look like for you?
shataris: You're on. It kicked me out, but I just hope they said okay. I'm sorry. That was Jessica. She said it kicked her out, so she's gonna try to get back on.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, let me see it. Let me know if I'm just shooting Lisa text. Let me know if you need the link again. Yeah, I would love to hear about just like, how you fit into the practice there.
shataris: Yeah, what I do is I enter all of the payment data from the. We have another biller that we use and she sends me all what the insurance company paid, what the patient owes. So I enter all of that into the computer and send invoices for patients who haven't paid their premium pay their co pays.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, Gotcha.
Lisa Harris: Gotcha.
Nathan Peereboom: Hi, Lisa. How are you?
Lisa Harris: Wait, let me close my door. I'm doing good, thank you.
shataris: Good, good.
Nathan Peereboom: It's nice to meet you. I feel like you and I have been playing this fun game of like, text tag and meeting tag.
Lisa Harris: I'm shocked that you actually have a text number that works, that I can talk to somebody. So I'm good with that.
Nathan Peereboom: For better or worse. Almost all customers have my phone number.
Lisa Harris: Um, so.
Nathan Peereboom: Well, look, it's so nice to meet you, Shatteres. Thank you for just giving me a little bit of background on, like, you know, how y' all operate. Lisa, it's. It's great to meet you. I would love to just hear for you, like, what you would find helpful today. You know, as you know, My name is Nate. I'm the CEO and co founder of JOT Psych and we have a full suite that we offer to our customers from a billing perspective. So, you know, whether it's eligibility checks, you know, auditing the note, making sure that the claim gets written correctly, submitting that claim, you know, working with denials if that should happen, and then reporting out on all the finances, we do that entire chain. We also, as you know, launched E Prescription this month, so. So you can use JOT Psych for, you know, for your entire EHR suite. You know, we've got forms, E Prescription documents, you know, patient communications, all that jazz. So we're really excited. The one thing that we really believe though is we try and only give you what you find helpful. So the way we always like to start these calls is by understanding what's going on in your practice. Where do you want support and if we can help you there, then we will. And if not, we'll just say, oh, you know what, that's not what we do. So yeah, would love a little bit of context from you.
Lisa Harris: Okay. So I was looking through your. Some of the different drop downs that they've added since and I haven't really had Jot Psych that long, so I still am trying to do the first template of the stuff that I want. But as I was looking. There it is as I was looking through the drop downs. So billing and auditing, audit coach, blah blah, blah. That's fine. I think it's good where it comes to insurances because there are. Even though. Because we are a site facility, our. Our notes are confidential. You basically have to have an act of God to get my note and a signed order from a judge.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah.
Lisa Harris: Not that it. I have the secrets of the world, but I think that people should feel safe in that. So I. Vietnam. Vietnam. Forgot. Okay, I defend that. So. But it would be nice to be able to send like Humana. They're kind of jerks for their spravato patients, which every single note is the exact same for that. They want a note attached to the build. I'd like to know if we can attach our note to the bill also where it says bill insurance. Is that. Does that mean you actually have a billing platform that we could use and I wouldn't have to pay. $7,000 a month from my biller anymore. Where'd you go? Can you hear me? Are you. What happened? I can't hear. There you go. Okay.
Nathan Peereboom: All right. Can you hear me now?
Lisa Harris: Yes.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay. Amazing. Sorry about that. So you were saying that you want to attach notes to your claim now, but you want those notes to be pretty anonymous so that you feel like, hey, I'm giving the payer what they need. But I'm also holding to my ethos of not divulging patient information to the payer.
Lisa Harris: No. Well, we do Stravato treatments here, which is an intranasal ketamine for treatment resistant depression, ptsd, that kind of thing. And so basically it's a template note. All it does, the variation, is the start and stop time. Humana wants that note with the super bill. But what I wanted to make sure is that when it says bill insurance, do you have a billing platform or is it going to go through, you know, Joe Blow, or do you bill straight through? Availability. Availability, yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: Well, why don't I walk you so I'll answer that question really directly. So we bill through a clearinghouse called Steady. So when you're. The way it works is. And I can show you that. I should show you this in the, in our presentation, but you finish a note, you click sign. If you're using our billing service, we take care of that and push it through Steady, and then deal with all of the, you know, after work for you. So, you know, the best way to understand that is me. Go like this. You know, we are essentially an AI plus human system. You have to have humans involved still to do some of the edge cases and be able to pick up the phone and, you know, some of that. But what we want is, we want to take your payer documents, write the perfect note or, you know, evidence for Spravato or whatever treatments you. You decide to bill for. And then in the claim, like, you know, we push that through our, you know, through our own API. It's not like some person like mailing in a claim and then, and then we. We deal with all the aftermath too. So. Um, so it is a coherent system from your perspective. All you see is like, who's eligible, you know, and like, what's our ranking of their eligibility? Here's the note or the documents that you produced from your encounter. And then again, once you sign it, we take over the whole thing and then we report out on like a monthly basis to you. So what makes Jot Psych different is that at every level we've created automation that means that you're getting the highest quality version of that. So, you know, with eligibility, it's not the, you know, it's not simply an API call. We're actually like picking up the phone and sending AI agents to like read through documents to figure out eligibility when it comes to writing the documentation. We've ingested all these rules from ama, cms, apa, all the major payers, as well as your own documents, which, you know, you can like kind of add into job site to make it better. And then we have a whole scrubbing system for making sure that when we submit something like a Spravato claim, you know, it's following all the rules that we know need to be met to kind of have that claim reimbursed. And then, you know, as I mentioned, we do auto appealing. We make sure that the money in your bank account is reconciled with your ERA and that your ERA is reconciled with your insurance contract. So all of that is basically like a service that's a combination of software and people.
Lisa Harris: Okay, so who, who set up your platform and we build all of our software. Okay. And I'm sure you had billing specialists involved. It's just that, you know, we only bill like five or six different numbers.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, yeah.
Lisa Harris: So it's not really that hard. Except for like when we do build Medicare and with Medicare involved, they are persnickety about what they will only pay a Spravato claim if it, if the diagnosis is F 33.2.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah.
Lisa Harris: If it was anything else, they're going to tell me to take a leap and, and that, and you have to leave off any modifiers because if you put a modifier 25, then they won't pay it either.
Lisa Harris: Yeah, that kind of thing. So I mean, and I can teach anybody to do anything, but my concern is that we'll have some initial problems. And you know, I've tried like three or four platforms in the last few years and it's really been a nightmare, to be honest.
Nathan Peereboom: Well, the reason why we have an advantage in this is that you can go in and so this is JOT audit. You have access to this right now and you can add a rule, say exactly that. Like horse bravado patients, you must use the ICD10 code. The ICD10 code xxx whatever it is. F22. You said F22.
Lisa Harris: If 33.2, 3.2.
Nathan Peereboom: So you can do this. And what we'll do is we'll generate a rule for you and every single note will basically get checked by this rule. So we'll be saying, is this a Spravato patient? What is the diagnosis? And if it's not? So here you can see this. You could save this rule and you can. I mean, hopefully you can see the content here. You know, it covers providers, CPT codes and payers, and you can specify that. So if you only want to apply to a certain number of payers or a certain number of CBT codes, you could do that. And then when you go to audit, you can look at all of your claims and see where they are compliant and where there are problems. So, you know, if the IC10 code is not correct, like we can fix it on our side because we see the, the flag, or your clinicians can fix it on their side. You also can see which rules you're getting most dinged for. So you can sort by compliance level. The whole point of this, Lisa, is that no matter what your rules are, you know, whether you're just, you've got them in your head, you've got them on a napkin, you've got them in a payer contract, we want you to. I know. No, trust me, you're not the only one. But we want you to be able to, like, basically, like, build a clone of your brain so that we can make sure that you get the best billing possible. So that's, that's the way that our system has an advantage over any other. There's no other software, there's no other service company that can do what we do because of this particular AI engine we've built that again, sits on top of your, of your encounters.
Lisa Harris: Okay. Which, you know, I'm happy with it. I with JOT Psych, now that I'm getting a little more into it, I know that even when I can't find a note because we've had some kind of Internet issue here, I can usually go back to the schedule and I can click on that person and find that note.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, yeah, exactly that.
Lisa Harris: Recording and generate some kind of note out of that recording. So, yeah, I played with it a little bit and I played with the other docs stuff. A lot of this we. I mean, we could possibly incorporate. It's nice that my current ehr, which is Practice Fusion, I can order labs from it and we have lab order sets and that we've created so that people who aren't sure what to order for, you know, a personal second generation antipsychotic know it's all set up for them there. So they're disco. My bigger concern is that. And it's, it's implementation. I mean, I don't think that there. It is going to be so difficult to teach anybody. You know, the providers already use this, so that's. And those are the people that are resistant to doing anything and it's super handy. My concern is that if it's based on remuneration that my offices receive, then because we do buy and bill here, which means that I buy Spravato for Tricare Medicare patients at $989 a box and they only reimburse me like $1100. So I've had issues with being billed on the medication costs, so. And Athena wouldn't do anything about it, so I didn't go with Athena.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. Are you Lisa, are you looking for a solution?
Lisa Harris: I wanted to do everything.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. What do you. Because everything that you've mentioned jots like does, you know we have a full service billing program. We do everything in the ehr, including like you mentioned, lab orders. That's already in jot Psych. And you have access to that. Are you wanting like, are you wanting me to help you understand like what it would be like to try jot Psych as a full, as a full system? Is that, would that be helpful to you?
Lisa Harris: Yes, because I'd frankly like to drop Practice Fusion if I could, you know, download all our information.
Nathan Peereboom: What makes you hesitant to do this? Is it the switching cost? That's a little scary.
Lisa Harris: Well, I wasn't able to find any costs online, so I don't have any idea what it costs. And that's going to be the deciding factor because I know what I pay right now, plus I also pay another billing person in house. So I mean, it's a chunk of change that I'm putting out there every month.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, so the way that, so the way that the pricing works for, you know, the billing service is basically, it's a standard fee, you know, as, you know, 4 to 8% is the general range in the industry. And what we do is we let you choose what level based on how involved you want us to be. Now, when it comes to setup, the setup only takes, you know, I think if, if you're signing an MSA with us for this, we'll waive the setup fee. And usually it just takes one of our engineers, like one day to do. The setup fee is typically like a few hundred dollars, but it's not crazy. And the reason is that we've gotten really good at transitioning people's data over to job site. So, you know, if you wanted to embark upon this with us, you know, we have a, basically like a toe dip style plan and you can choose how you would want to proceed. Typically, what we like to do is if we're going to help you with billing at all, we want to first understand, like, what's going on with your practice. So we like to look at your billing up to this point. We like to look at all your claims. We want to see what's in our. Why. Why claims get denied or delayed. We charge like $300 for this just so that we're not doing, you know, effort that's not helpful to you. And we're trying to figure out what earning today, where does the money get delayed or lost, what changes could unlock the most impact. And then what we do is we take in and we'll actually come visit you. And you guys are in California, is that right?
Lisa Harris: No, we're in Florida.
Nathan Peereboom: Florida. I'm sorry, Lost City, Florida. I always forget because there's a lot of California.
Lisa Harris: We'll come down. City of Florida.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, perfect. Yeah. So we, we often actually come down to visit. We were just in Miami two weeks ago. And we'll come and we'll like sit at your desk with you and help you for like a day, get us all these documents that then build all of the internal logic that then runs the billing program. So we'll do that in person. You don't have to pay for that. We come down, we want to do it because it's worth it for us. And then we can, you know, we can go live whenever you feel, you know, ready. But, you know, at every stage we're like, we want to provide you 10x the value and we want to price it just as a normal service that you would, you know, you'd get anywhere else. So let me pause there. How does that sit with you as you think about just the value cost balance?
Lisa Harris: Well, that would be fine if the billing prices are. If my buy and bill patients weren't included in that.
Nathan Peereboom: Because yeah, this is the whole thing. We take, we take, we take. There's no part of yourself.
Lisa Harris: $250,000 worth of meds last year from Bessie. And if, and it comes back to me in this form of an insurance payment along with the administration fee. So if I did that at 8%, that's $20,000. That would pretty much negate every. Because I don't make crap on buying bill, but I have a part. I've got a soft spot for old people in military. So you know, we, we don't get half the administration fee that we do from all of the other payers and it would basically zero out any profit at all on those and those are the ones that we have to work the hardest at.
Nathan Peereboom: So what, what are you currently paying for your billing services? Like, because you mentioned that you already do pay and obviously you do seven and a half. Okay.
Lisa Harris: And it sucks. It's not good. There's a lot of mistakes and. But they are willing to carve out those amounts for my buy and build patients.
Nathan Peereboom: Oh, I understand. I think I would have to understand the ratio of billing that you do that's buy and build versus like all the other revenue in order to understand the carve out arrangement and like what that would actually mean for like our team. Because you know, we like as you know, we staff people on it. This like it's something that I have to be like a little careful about. But I'm not saying no to it. It's just something that I think we would have to learn more about. In my view. My recommendation to you would actually be to do this job bill analysis because in, if we look at what you're doing, it gives both of us the ability to understand if we can help you and what price works for you and what price works for us. So my view is like this job bill analysis would be a good way for us both to de risk and get more information about what a carve out would be like for the buy and bill patients.
Lisa Harris: Okay, well I can give you some numbers. I bill a little over 400 visits a month. Probably from like last month. I billed 40 buy and build visits. So over $40,000 came back from buying bill, but I had to turn around and pay out like. 38,000 of it for the medication alone, if that makes any sense.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, it does.
Lisa Harris: Everything else, you know, it's just, you know, your basic 992-149-0833.
Nathan Peereboom: Big deal. Yeah. So when it, when it comes to the buy and bill patients, what are you looking for a billing company to do for you that your current billing company is not doing?
Lisa Harris: Well, they're doing what I want. They make mistakes on other stuff and. And it's. They make mistakes and aren't willing to own up to them and, and say, oh, I forgot to do your buying bill this month, so we'll take it off of next month and blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. You know. Yeah. We're basically neglected and it's pissing me off. If I thoroughly intend to hire somebody to do my billing other than them. So I am looking at options. I'm also looking at just hiring a decent biller and going with a live platform. I've used them before and they're not that hard.
Nathan Peereboom: So if we, if we were to match the deal you had with your bill right now, so we carved out buy and buy and bill as something that we didn't charge for, and we just said, hey, we'll keep the 7% with everything else. Is that something where. If I got approval from my co founder for that structure, you would be willing to, like, move forward with an MSA like this week?
Lisa Harris: Yeah, I've got to get this done. It's costing me a fortune just in mistakes alone.
Nathan Peereboom: All right, well, let me do this. I. I have another meeting at 4, so I have to run to that. I don't know what my co founder is going to say. This is. I mean, it's a different. It's a big deal to carve something out as a free service. So I'm gonna.
Lisa Harris: Well, you're still, you're still charging on the administration fee.
Nathan Peereboom: I understand. It's just the actual.
Lisa Harris: The medication prices alone.
Nathan Peereboom: I understand.
Lisa Harris: I paid $9 for it. I get around 1103 back.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay. I personally feel sort of hopeful that I can, I can get approval for this. It's a, It's a group decision, so I do have to. Like, run it by him. What I'm going to do is I'm going to. I'm going to talk with him tonight because we're in the same place and I can get you an answer. And in that case, the next step would probably be for us to do a data transfer to get your patient's information and your billing documents into jobs. Like, is that a first next step that you'd be open to that? Like, if I get approval, we sign the MSA and we move forward with just getting you started as fast as possible?
Lisa Harris: Yes. I also want to clarify whether the Jot Psych, the other job site services, is that fees on top that I'm already paying anyway?
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. So the fee, the subscription fee for Jot Psych is like, still like part of your payment. Like, that's still something that we do charge for. And so, yeah, that is still like a component. And the reason we do that is because we want people to be able to choose their prices. So, for example, if you're. If you don't use our E Prescription service, we don't want you to pay for our E Prescription service. So E Prescription is a separate thing, you know. And so part of our contract with. With our customers, our social contract with you, is we let you cafeteria your way through our product so that you're only paying for what you use. And so if you're still using the scribe, that's still a fee. If you don't use the E Prescription, that's, you know, not something you pay for, you know, so that's kind of the way that we think about it.
Lisa Harris: Okay.
Nathan Peereboom: All right, so what I'm going to message you, Lisa, and if this. Let's put some time again, I'm 90% sure we can make this happen. Pending the go ahead. How would doing a data transfer at noon on Friday sound to you?
Lisa Harris: No one's here on Fridays.
Nathan Peereboom: Is that the best case scenario then?
Lisa Harris: Well, I'm here this Friday and not. I probably will be back by noon.
Nathan Peereboom: I can also do Monday. I could do Monday at 2pm Does Monday at 2pm Work?
Lisa Harris: Friday would actually be better.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, great.
Lisa Harris: If you are fingers in the pot, sometimes it gets a little. The waters get mudded. Muddied.
Nathan Peereboom: All right, perfect. So I'm going to put this on for 12:00pm Miss a Lisa Jot Bill kickoff. Okay.
Lisa Harris: Okay.
Nathan Peereboom: And what I would like you to bring to that is. One, the ability to. Well, one, the MSA signed, so I'll send that to you in DocuSign. You can choose what you'd like. Two, if you could bring just like the ability for us to get access to your ehr. That's how we're going to move all your patient information into JOT Psych, and then three documents that you have about your contract with payers. So. And we can send a list of those, but that is the base data that we need to then go and like, start working through your bills.
Lisa Harris: Okay. It's not a matter of practice. Fusion downloading the information and me sending it to you in a. Whatever document file they call it.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, you know what? You're totally welcome to do that. We been around this block before. Most people send us something that's not correct. And so what we found is that instead of going back and forth, it's easier for us to just have like a seat in their ehr. But I do. But that's just our experience. We've. We've done a bunch of these before and the EHRs make it intentionally hard to move this data, you know, which makes sense.
Nathan Peereboom: That's their lock in. And we've gotten really good at it. So if you're strong, I would just give us like, access to the EHR if I were you.
Lisa Harris: Okay. And then last. Last.
Nathan Peereboom: The last thing I would say is if you do decide to do this, that if you sign the msa. And so it turns out, hey, we are going to go forward and do billing for you. The job bill analysis is that we don't. You don't pay for it anymore like that. The price of that goes to zero. But we actually still do want to do it, because I think you want us to do it right? Like, you want us to know what's going on with your practice. You want us to reflect that back to you. So what I want to do is after.
Nathan Peereboom: So the 13th will collect all your information, documentation, and then can we arrange maybe for Wednesday the 18th for us to give you a presentation on, like, here's what we found. And that way you know the direction we're going with your billing.
Lisa Harris: Yes. Great.
Nathan Peereboom: So how does one 1pm Wednesday the 18th sound?
Lisa Harris: It sounds good because my wonderful scheduler, Jesse gave me sometime last week. Then.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay. Job bill analysis readouts. Okay, Perfect. Okay, excellent. Well, Lisa, this is great. As I said, I'm talking to Jackson, but expect a text in the next, like, two hours. Okay?
Lisa Harris: Okay, sounds good.
Nathan Peereboom: It's wonderful to meet you. Thank you. Again for the time.
Lisa Harris: You're welcome. See you soon.
Nathan Peereboom: Take care.
Lisa Harris: Bye bye.
shataris: Why are you looking like that?
Lisa Harris: Are we the only ones left on here?
shataris: I'm not sure what Kevin Notetaker is.
Lisa Harris: I just was. I have questions still. Maybe the. Maybe the documentation that he's going to send me will be. Will clarify it some.
shataris: The.
Lisa Harris: I'd want to know things like, you know, get Karen and Jesse into some kind of training in order to get them up to speed on how to schedule. Schedule patients, what the input's going to look like, all that other stuff. I mean, there's a lot more to it than just a billing platform if we're going to go jot psych altogether.
shataris: Yeah.
Lisa Harris: And I feel like he was rushed for that next meeting, so. Yeah. So I'll look it over, what he's gonna send me. And you know me, if I don't like what I see, I'm gonna throw the parking break on just as quick as I can because we can't go through what, another one of these platforms that, you know, said they were going to do all this stuff and then they didn't.
Lisa Harris: Yeah, it's just, you know, I'm. Yeah, I'm not going to be put in a courthouse over this again, so. And I really, you know, it sounds too good to be true. And I mean, my. My meter isn't going off, but
shataris: on this combination effect of messing me up, like I might get sick. I did last week. It got me on these morphine patches, but I went to the doc. It's a week pass.
shataris: Is that Shane take it off and stick it back on. But I got them to put it into pills and stuff so that I can't. Because it's not a good idea to combine those two medicines. I mean, I'm too old to try to get that all messed up on drugs and stuff. Do you feel okay?
Lisa Harris: I don't want him to be doing morphine patches on ketamine.
shataris: Well, I know, man.
shataris: To have a respiratory drive doctor to give me the pills. I went to it Monday and I got the pills and went to a different doctor.
shataris: But I just.
Lisa Harris: When was the last time you took one?
shataris: It was like, this one's old and gone, so, I mean, that's it.
Lisa Harris: But that's not what I asked you.
shataris: I just was trying to let you know, you know what I'm saying, that it was causing me problems and I got it assessed, but I wanted you to know so that, you know.
Lisa Harris: Okay, but when was the last time you took some morphine?
shataris: It was yesterday. I tried to stay clear of it. Today I got this little lidocaine pass on me, but, yeah, because he.
shataris: I had to pull it off and get the different ones, but, yeah, I'm all right. And I got the two in the different doctors. It's. It's just like last week. It made me sick. And if you try to pull them off and stick them back on, then they don't. They come off and stuff. So that's not a good idea for me.
shataris: Yeah, you know, something happened. I was addressing it myself and letting you know that I had.
Lisa Harris: Okay, well, I appreciate that, Shane. Just know that the combination of the two could stop you breathing. And I don't like to do CPR in my offices.
shataris: Yeah, you won't have.
Lisa Harris: It makes me look bad.
shataris: I mean, I used to have my problems with drugs and that wouldn't be an issue. Mainly I might get, you know, sick sometimes because I already have nausea. And then a combination of that catamine and morphine last week was. That wasn't good. Luckily, I found another dog with gaining the pills.
Lisa Harris: Okay. All right, well, I'll let you govern yourself. Just, you know, if you have any questions, please.
shataris: Well, you know, I'm just regulating so that you know and I know that you know, we're being honest on the table. What's going on, doctors or hide anything. I want everything to be out in the open. Otherwise, I'm not going to get help or get healed. All right. Okay.
Lisa Harris: Thank you. Shane.
shataris: Yes, ma', am, Are you there?
Lisa Harris: Shis. I'll just walk down to your office. I'll just walk down to your office and pull my hair out there.
shataris: Okay.
Lisa Harris: For the love of God. On a popsicle stick. Okay. We love Shane, don't we?
Lisa Harris: All right, anyway, I will. I'll be down there in just a second. Bye.
shataris: Okay.