Emily Kaiser: Hi, Dr.
Richard Diaz: Hias.
Emily Kaiser: How are you?
Richard Diaz: Hey, Emily, good.
Emily Kaiser: Thank you. Good. Let's see. Looks like my camera's waking up. What's that?
Richard Diaz: I've never used the Google app. I've always used Zoom.
Emily Kaiser: Oh, yeah, it's a little bit different. Yes. Nice. Okay. Okay. So I understand I had a meeting with Richard last week, and he let me know that you needed just a little bit of onboarding support. And so I wanted to see how I could be helpful today.
Richard Diaz: Well, I had gone on to the website. I figured it out a little bit. But. I think I needed to. Get another. So currently what I'm doing is I use, I use plot. And so when I speak with a patient over the phone when I was working for a company out there in New York, I would use the plot, and then I down send it to myself, and then I'd throw it into. A ChatGPT template that I had developed that worked really well for me. But I kind of like. The platform that you guys use because it would just completely cut out a step of me sending myself the document and then loading it and all the other stuff. And I can, you know, once I figure out how to do a template, I could definitely crank out my assessments as, as I'm going along. Okay, great.
Emily Kaiser: Yeah.
Richard Diaz: What's the link for the, for the website?
Emily Kaiser: It's jot psych.com. So once you get logged in, I'm actually going to have you share your screen, and I'm going to kind of walk through a couple different things just to kind of help you learn the platform. Where are you based out of Dr.
Richard Diaz: Diaz? I haven't seen Antonio, Texas, but I'm originally from Brooklyn, New York.
Emily Kaiser: Okay, very cool. Jot's like, just moved in office to Brooklyn, New York. So that's kind of their home base right now.
Richard Diaz: What?
Emily Kaiser: Yeah. Cool.
Richard Diaz: I don't think. Let me see.
Emily Kaiser: So once you get logged in, I can walk you through how to share your screen.
Richard Diaz: And where are you based out of?
Emily Kaiser: I'm in Michigan.
Emily Kaiser: Oh, it's too cold. Yes. Yeah. Today I think we're hitting 70, which I'm very excited about.
Richard Diaz: Yeah, we're hitting 84 today.
Emily Kaiser: Oh, that's nice.
Richard Diaz: Yeah, it really is. Let me see if I can continue with Google.
Emily Kaiser: Okay. You want to try to log in with the same browser that you're using for this meeting?
Richard Diaz: Okay. Yeah.
Richard Diaz: So it's asking me to, I think, I think I need access from you guys in order to get back in because my trial ended on February 15th.
Emily Kaiser: Oh, I see. Okay, so we have to get you an account. Okay, let's see.
Richard Diaz: Manson Brooklyn are expensive.
Emily Kaiser: Jesus. I know, right?
Richard Diaz: Who developed the application?
Emily Kaiser: So that would be Nate and Jackson. Or the co-founders. But we also have a team of engineers.
Richard Diaz: Oh, yeah, for sure.
Emily Kaiser: So I am just trying to get some more information here really quickly. I'm sending an internal message.
Richard Diaz: Yeah. So I'm going to be working for a clinic out of Sullivan County, which is upstate New York, kind of about an hour north of hour and a half hour and 15 minutes north of the city. Okay.
Richard Diaz: They got a pretty decent. Actually, you know what? Their population is Somalian. Believe it or not. I, I thought it'd be, you know, Hispanic. My, the last full-time job that I had doing addiction medicine was out of. Harlem. So I, that, that population was like 80 Dominican. So I was speaking Spanish, you know, like, yeah. And then the plaud would go ahead and translate everything for me into English and stuff, which was cool.
Emily Kaiser: Oh, that's nice.
Richard Diaz: Yeah.
Emily Kaiser: So if you currently have any patients that speak a different language, you can edit your settings or you access. You can edit settings to select whatever languages are typical for your practice, and that helps with the translation and just the transcribing of the conversation.
Richard Diaz: Nice. And then. So will, will the application learn my voice?
Emily Kaiser: Yes, it should. Like, to determine the difference between you and the patient, you mean?
Richard Diaz: Yeah.
Emily Kaiser: Yeah. Yes. Yeah. You should have no problems there. So let me go ahead and show you as I'm waiting for this message to come through how to share your screen. So go ahead and if you go back to our window where you see you and I in the Google meet, see at the very bottom, you'll see a microphone, a camera. And the next that camera, you'll see a laptop with the arrow point up. Click that to your share screen, and then you're going to select which window you want to, to share, and that will be, it'll say smart scribe. In the drop down options.
Richard Diaz: So it's telling me a text, select a tab to show this judge or both smart scraps.
Emily Kaiser: No, that's okay. Smart scribe always throws people off and they don't see jobs like, okay, great. Okay, so, yes, like you said, your trial ended, and I'm just trying to figure out. How exactly. Okay, so we usually add you to Richard's account, it sounds like, or we should be adding you to Richard's account. Yeah. I am just seeing internally what that looks like.
Richard Diaz: So, so I think. What he wants me to do is kind of set up. So there's another guy that's using it right now. What's his name? I can't remember. But anyway, really nice guy, but he's kind of a little scattered. And will go off on tangents and stuff. And I usually try to stay on task. So he wants me to kind of, you know, build. Some sort of templates and stuff. And one of my other jobs right now is I, I see patients that are in a detention center. And so their ICE patients and U.S. marshals and stuff. And so what I did was I kind of created a template to grab the demographic information that I scanned. Into the. Initial psychiatric evaluation. So it puts in there. You know, their detention center number, what country they're from, their age vital signs and, and all that stuff. Well, would I be able to build something like that in Jot psych?
Emily Kaiser: Yes. Yeah, you should be able to.
Richard Diaz: You can build custom templates based off
Emily Kaiser: what information you're trying to gather. So what I'm going to do here is I'm going to extend your trial by three days, and then we're going to get richard and just confirm that he wants us to add to your account or add you to his account is what we're thinking. Okay, so give me one quick second and I will activate this and then I will actually have you log out and log back in.
Richard Diaz: Do you want me to log out?
Emily Kaiser: Yeah, go ahead and log out. Don't log back in just yet.
Richard Diaz: Sure.
Emily Kaiser: Okay. Now let's give it like a minute. And then you should be able to log back in and you should be able to see those functions for the next three days. Go ahead and take care of them more permanent.
Richard Diaz: Solution. I'm assuming I'm probably going to have their EMR up. Well, actually, I don't even think that they have an EMR right now. So I'm probably going to be. Placing the documents as Word documents and then emailing them to them once it's done.
Emily Kaiser: Okay, that works. And you mean emailing to the Sullivan County where the.
Richard Diaz: The outpatient clinic is.
Emily Kaiser: Okay. So go ahead and try to log back in. So have you been in this line of work for a long time?
Richard Diaz: About 30 years.
Emily Kaiser: Okay.
Richard Diaz: Very cool. Yeah. I retired out of the military through the reserves, but I was spent time active duty and stuff like that. So I kind of finished my 20 there, and then I was at the San Antonio State Hospital where I did about another 10 years. And then I've done addiction medicine for the last 12 years and at one point had more jobs in the Jamaican. So lately I'm trying to get back into it because I'm, I'm turning 62 and, God, I don't want to keep working, man.
Emily Kaiser: I'm tired. Yeah. No, I understand that. So what kind of work are you doing now?
Richard Diaz: Just addiction medicine. I just do rounds at a detox. That's like walk away from my house here in San Antonio. And, you know, that doesn't really occupy my, my time. But my mom suffered a stroke two years ago, so she's. Hard. Yeah. Oh, man, it's not easy.
Emily Kaiser: Yeah. Been through that. Okay, so now you're logged in. Okay, so this is your home page. And when you use the trial or when you use JATS, like the first time around, how long ago was it?
Richard Diaz: Oh, man. February.
Emily Kaiser: Okay, so we probably haven't made too many updates since then just because that was last month. But so you understand how to use the system and how to get the notes and all things like that. You just are looking for more information on building a template.
Emily Kaiser: Is that correct?
Richard Diaz: I just want to make sure
Emily Kaiser: I'm giving you what information you need.
Richard Diaz: Yeah. And just maybe kind of like a walk through of. Kind of what, what it would look for me, you know, with, like, let's say they're, they. So I'm using e-psychiatry. Platform for the visual and the audio. So I'm assuming I would have that up.
Richard Diaz: In one screen.
Emily Kaiser: I don't think. I think you would just need this. So let's go ahead and let's click record at the top there.
Emily Kaiser: I'll show you how you can record an encounter. Click on record. Yep, it should. Okay, perfect. Okay, so go ahead and allow access. Okay. So this is basically how you start reporting when you are in front of a patient. So if you scroll up just a little bit. Okay, so what it's asking you here at the very top, it's asking you to attach a patient. So it's asking you to select a patient, basically, who you would be seeing. So let's go ahead and do a tutorial. Go to attach patient, and we'll just create a demo patient. So Alfred Appleseed is kind of our demo.
Richard Diaz: We could just go ahead and use him. Sure.
Emily Kaiser: Okay. And then for appointment type, this is where you're selecting what kind of template you want to use. Excuse me. So if you do the drop down next to the pencil under psychiatric intake.
Richard Diaz: Would I be Alfred Apple seed thing? Would I be loading that information in there?
Emily Kaiser: So nothing is needed because Alfred is already a patient in the system.
Emily Kaiser: Now, if you are going to create a new page, I can also show you how to do that if that'd be helpful.
Richard Diaz: Yeah, because I think that that's probably gonna. What I can see myself doing is getting that information from. The nurse, I guess. Yeah. And then I would just. Kind of build it from the chart.
Emily Kaiser: Yeah. Okay, so let's go ahead and X by Alfred Appleseed. And then go ahead and click attach patient again and then click that plus. Or new patient. So here is where you type all that information. You can do first name, last name, birthday, gender pronouns, whatever information you want to put in.
Richard Diaz: And you can always go back.
Emily Kaiser: So if you don't have that information right off the bat and you just have first name, last name, birthday, you can go ahead and put that information, create new patient, and then we can go back and edit it, and I'll show you how to do that, too.
Richard Diaz: Okay, cool.
Emily Kaiser: So do you want to perfect?
Richard Diaz: Man? It's. It's pretty intuitive.
Emily Kaiser: Yes. Yes. The whole purpose of drought psych is to make your workflow more seamless. And so it's going to kind of. You'll. You'll notice that the more you interact with it, the smarter it kind of gets.
Richard Diaz: Nice.
Emily Kaiser: So go ahead and create new patient. And now you see your name at the top. And then go ahead and select what type of appointment this is. So again, with that drop down next to psychiatric intake, you're going to see a list of templates. There are, like, your templates and we can edit this. I can show you how to edit this and kind of select which templates you want to pre-populate here. But you could also add new appointment type. So what everyone is most typical for you basically is what you're going to want to select. And then also you have the ability after you record and generate the note to change the template. So just. It's good information to have. Then from there, you would start recording and we can kind of do like a minute dialogue of what's typical and then you could see a note is produced from that.
Richard Diaz: So I would just go up here and hit record.
Emily Kaiser: Nope. You would actually go over and do that start reporting right there.
Richard Diaz: So now we just basically conduct my interview with the patient. And I usually, like, I got some laminated templates that I use and I kind of have it to my right so that I always ask the same questions and don't miss anything and stuff like that.
Emily Kaiser: Yeah, absolutely. And another thing on jot sick is you can record and then you can go to a different page in jot psych, like if you wanted to see the template on here and then recording in the background. So just so you know, if you wanted to not have the printout or if you wanted to have the printout, whatever works best, but you can leave this page while you're recording and it's going to continue recording in the background until you stop it.
Richard Diaz: Okay. And then let me ask you. So let's say, for example, they email me or I have access to whatever or however they do their stuff. And I wanted to download that collateral information and then throw them to jot psych. I'd be able to do that as well.
Emily Kaiser: We're working on the ability to read documents like that and read documents. So I'm not 100 sure that that's something you can do right now at that at this time.
Emily Kaiser: But it is that we're hoping to have the capability of in the future. So go ahead and click end recording.
Richard Diaz: Kind of being blocked by this dumb thing. There it is.
Emily Kaiser: Okay. It's that pink there.
Richard Diaz: Yep.
Emily Kaiser: Yeah. Yep. Okay, so then what you can do here, this is very important. So you can, you see the two options. You see save and exit and you see generate note. You can select whichever one. Save and exit will save for later. And then that note, you go back into your schedule and select the patient or whatever the appointment was. You'll see it on a calendar or you can generate note now. So for the sake of the demo, let's just go ahead and generate note now. But it's important to select one or the other before leaving that screen or else you will lose the transcript.
Richard Diaz: Okay.
Emily Kaiser: So what it's doing here is it's going to take a couple seconds and it is analyzing the transcript, basically, and putting in the information. I don't really know what it's going to come up with because we didn't speak anything about. Yeah, yeah. You know, having a real appointment.
Richard Diaz: So let's see. Okay. Yeah. There you go.
Emily Kaiser: Okay, so it's giving you basically just what we spoke about. Based off of the template that you selected. So it's going to give you a summary. It's probably going to give you an HPI, all those kind of things all the way down to medications and billing codes suggested.
Richard Diaz: By AI.
Emily Kaiser: Right? Yes. Yep. So what you see here, as you kind of move through this note, is on the right hand side, you see AI note assistant. Now that at the bottom there, describe how you'd like to, how you'd like this note to change. That is where you can put in feedback. So let's go ahead and let's scroll all the way up to the summary, which is the very first section that you'll see on your note.
Richard Diaz: And then those little dots that are, that are there, this little dot.
Emily Kaiser: What does that mean? Where are you exactly? What little dots?
Richard Diaz: I'm right by summary at the top of the document.
Emily Kaiser: And then to the left. Yeah. Yes. Okay. So where, when you hover over that and you see a plus form. Right? So if you select that, if you select the plus.
Richard Diaz: Okay. You want me to do it?
Emily Kaiser: Okay.
Emily Kaiser: And then we'll have scroll down and select another section.
Richard Diaz: Plus.
Emily Kaiser: Okay. So what you're doing here is you are selecting sections that you would like to copy and paste over to put directly into your EHR or your. Whatever information you want to transfer.
Emily Kaiser: By, by clicking those and selecting those. You'll see at the top it says copy selected to. So if you add more sections, that number will increase. So you have the ability to copy all sections. Let's find it not maybe applicable for that much information. So if you want to go through and select just certain or be selective over the information that you're choosing and transferring over, that is how you do it. Okay. Let's go back over on the same page. Yes, exactly where you are or a little bit to the right. So AI note assistant. Yes. So where it says at the bottom there, describe how you'd like this note changed. This is where you put information in. So say like it gives you a summary and you think the summary is too long or you would like the summary to be in bullet points. That's you put this input in and it will change the note for you based off of your preferred format. Do you want to go ahead and try it while you have me here?
Richard Diaz: Yeah, let's see.
Emily Kaiser: You could say change patient name to Richard. Truly anything, whatever kind of, whatever way that you would edit your note from what it produces is the kind of feedback that you can get. So now it changed all of your patients names to Sammy. Changed this patient's name to say, I should say throughout the whole note. Any questions there?
Richard Diaz: No, that's awesome.
Emily Kaiser: Okay, great. Okay, so what I'd like to show you now, this is kind of like the gist of the note. So, and once you start using this with patients and if questions come up, you can always reach back out or we could schedule another 15 minute demo just to, like, answer your questions specific to your workflow. But I would like to show you some templates specifically and how you can adjust those. Sure. Actually, before I do that, before we leave the whole patient realm, I'd like to show you the patient profile. So if you go up to patients. Perfect. So as you see, you have Alfred Appleseed, who is our demo. And then you also see your name right there.
Emily Kaiser: So if you click Alfred Appleseed just for he probably has more information and go ahead and skip the tutorial. So this is the patient profile. Every time you record with Alfred, everything select a patient and record with them. This patient profile is building in the background, so it's gathering all of the history of the patient. It's gathering your last encounter, treatment plans, any forms that you've sent to this patient, or maybe suggested forms that you should be sending to this patient medication information appointment information, just overall summary. Demographic information, basic information. The point of this, and you can also prescribe from here. Are you a prescriber? Okay, so here also where it says set up ePrescribing able to click that if you had that in, in if you had that as a setting, basically. From right there, we connect with dose spot as our partner. So you would just be able to type in your medication. You wouldn't have to reenter in any information twice as far as patient information, insurance information. Everything's good to go.
Emily Kaiser: So happen is you select that and then you another window opens up. You select your certain medication and then you're good to go. It's as simple as that.
Richard Diaz: That's nice.
Emily Kaiser: Yeah. Yeah. We have been getting a lot of feedback. We've been making changes to jot site because we've been getting a lot of feedback from clinicians that there are simply too many systems that are needed these days from e prescribing, from billing to note taking. There's just too many different windows that you have to jump to. So drastic is kind of making this patient profile and having the ability to prescribe and bill so clinicians like yourself are having to hop around less in their workflow is, again, more seamless. Okay, so let's go up to documentation. And then you're going to click note templates. Okay, so if you scroll down, so you will see there on the left hand side, you'll see under create new, you'll see upload templates start from scratch browse library organization templates. So go ahead and browse library. I want to show you what templates are currently available to you. So 32 templates found. If you scroll down there, we're at populated. And when you see the ad right there, that is how you add templates to be in that, that pre-populated list that came up when you were selecting your patient about to record. Right. So that's how you edit that list. But here's a list of templates, basically, that you can use and just use as is. You can grab these templates from our database and edit them to be more applicable to your line of work. Or you can upload a template that you already have, or you can start from scratch. So this is just kind of your general area for all things templates, whether it's building, whether it's editing or whether it's just adjusting that pre-populated list, right? When you go to record.
Richard Diaz: I just did this in. In chat GPT with the detention note. I call it the same thing. So it's like La Salle County detention note. Initial slash follow-up visit. And so, you know, I kind of. Let it know that I'm doing a follow-up and it pulls all the information and stuff.
Emily Kaiser: Yeah. So what we could do here, if you want to upload template. On the side there. I just want to show you how you can. So you can scroll down a little bit and you can click that drop a PDF here or click to browse. Go ahead and click in that box. Is it doing anything?
Richard Diaz: Yeah, it opened up another box. Kind of upload a document.
Emily Kaiser: Okay, so that is how if you have a document that is already ready to go and you just want to upload it, that's exactly how. Any questions revolving around templates. I know that was kind of the main concern.
Richard Diaz: The AI does everything for you.
Emily Kaiser: What the, it does. It makes it very easy.
Richard Diaz: It's, it's very. Jesus, I, when I learned about chat GPT. It's been about a year now. I mean, I kind of got it initially when it came out. And, man, it has just changed. Everything for me.
Emily Kaiser: Yeah, I know it is a game changer, isn't it?
Richard Diaz: It really is that. And then the plot just, you know, with the consistency, because I put the little, the little thing on the back of my phone, you know, and then I'll interview the patient. I just set it down and, you know, bada bing, bada boom. We, I kind of go through my, my stuff, and then they, they may disclose a bunch of stuff I didn't even ask about and, you know, just sorts everything out.
Emily Kaiser: Exactly. And you'll see that, that same thing with here. But the cool thing about jot psych is there's a lot of AI scribes out there, but Jac is specific to behavioral health. So be collecting information that is specific to your line of work, which is going to be helpful just for formatting, for note taking, for the information needed for billing, all of those things.
Richard Diaz: So we're. Okay, so in the, in the AI, whatever, when that pops up, that's where I can kind of say. Just, you know. Place the patient's name in the note, you know, on line five, and then that will.
Emily Kaiser: Okay. Yep. You can put it any feedback that you would like.
Emily Kaiser: You can be, you could even say remove every time the patient speaks about the family dog, you could say, replace these abbreviated words without words, create bullet points. You could say make the summary longer and more detailed. However, you like to format your notes. Yeah. And you also have the option to every, it might ask you for feedback or, like, if you want to do this every time, it's important to, to do that when asked because it's learning what you like. So you have to edit it less.
Richard Diaz: Yeah. Usually, I usually elaborate on the HPI typically. You know, when the patient just rambles on. And, and, I mean, it's so important, but it just creates a more detailed history of the present issue.
Emily Kaiser: Yeah, totally. So you could say, be elaborate more on the HPI would gather more information and, and make it more lengthy. Nice. One more thing I want to show you. If you could go back to that note. So how does, like billing and prescribing currently work for your line of work?
Richard Diaz: So, you know, because I work at a detox and I'm just regular salary, they're only going to get x amount for the patient. Like the EM code or the billing really has no weight of the, of what's going on, you know, with the note and stuff. And so that's how addiction medicine works. You know, patient gets admitted, they give you three days worth of, of detox days, and then I do my note. But it has really nothing to do with the reimbursement. The note doesn't, you don't get reimbursed for the note, you get reimbursed for the. Days that they gave you. And then, you know, prescribing wise. For my, for the clinic that I have, my own clinic, I use ECW, which has e prescribing, you know, built into the, the EMR there. Okay. So, and then I just, Richard just had me. Sign up with somebody, like, two days ago for. E prescribing to the Sullivan clinic in New York, and I can't, I hope it's. A dose spot. I've used those spot before in the past.
Emily Kaiser: So let me show you here. Well, really, Greg, let me finish this thought. So. Well, thank you for all of that information. That's really good feedback and it helps me understand, like, how your personal work works. So I can kind of tailor the information that might be important to you. So if you go back to go to documentation. At the top there and then select notes. I just want to show you one more thing that I saw. Go down to your name. Go ahead and click that. If you just click your name, actually, rather than the check, it would probably open up. Okay. So this, that popped up note audit complete. It's saying issues found. So if you go back over to that right hand side where your AI assistant is and you see edit at the top and then you see audit with that 12, go ahead and click that.
Richard Diaz: What's that? Do you want me to click on audit or edit?
Emily Kaiser: Yes, click on audit. So this is a part of our new billing that we just rolled out. So basically we have, it's called jot audit. And what it's doing here is why I ask about your billing is it's trying to, I mean, this one is take it with a grain of salt because we didn't really speak about anything medical, so I'm not really sure what it's auditing. But what it's telling you here is it's pinpointing certain risks that it's seeing in your note before you send it to through billing. And what it's doing is it's making sure that it catches these before you send it through billing to, you know, avoid any time wasted or any audits of any anything coming back around because we all know billing can be a frustrated process. Yeah. I should say. Just so you know, that's there, if that is applicable to your line of work again. Example of what you're seeing right now, because we didn't have a medical conversation, but kind of cool.
Richard Diaz: No, it's. Well, so while I get paid a flat fee per assessment, the clinic is going to be looking for reimbursement. So, you know, I'm, I still have to tailor my note for them to be able to, you know, recoup their money and stuff, so.
Emily Kaiser: Right, exactly. So that is there. So you have 40 free audits. You wanted to continue to use it. That's when you would look into signing up for job bill or have your clinic sign up for a job bill, whatever, whoever the decision maker is in that. Yeah. I would like to share my screen with you. And I just want to show you how our. Prescribing works really quick before I let you go.
Richard Diaz: Yeah.
Emily Kaiser: Okay, so I'm going to share my screen. You can stop sharing yours if you'd like. Okay. Can you see this?
Richard Diaz: Okay. Let me open this. Up. Yes.
Emily Kaiser: Okay, great. So what you are looking at here is you are seeing. A demo patient. Again. So we, I will show you how to prescribe, basically again. So you'll see this is their patient profile, and you can go to record now schedule appointment, whatever it may be. But I want to focus on set how to send a prescription. So basically, you just click send prescription. Oops. I think that I have to share my full screen for you to see this because it opened up a new window. So give me one second. Let me go back to our meeting and adjust this sharing. Entire screen. Okay. Okay. Can you see this? Okay.
Richard Diaz: Yeah.
Emily Kaiser: Okay, perfect. So again, we'll go to click send prescription. And what happens is it opens up a dose spot window. So then here, like I said, you don't need to add any information twice. It's super easy, super seamless. All the address information, insurance information, default pharmacy information is right here. So all you, and then you also have the ability to patient overview and medication history. So all you need to do is add prescription. Do you want me to search a certain medication?
Richard Diaz: So let me ask you, let's say, because I'm trying to look at that workflow. So I would have to load all that information into jot psych so that it would cross over into dose spot.
Emily Kaiser: Yes. Basically, yes, you would add a patient adding the patient.
Richard Diaz: You would put in that information.
Emily Kaiser: Got it. And it would prompt you to do so.
Richard Diaz: So you would just see and all that stuff. Got it. Okay.
Emily Kaiser: And then you just search any type of medication. Like I said, if you have one that you prescribe a lot, I can search so you can kind of see what comes up. But.
Richard Diaz: Type in howdol, H-A-L-D-O-L. D-O-L.
Emily Kaiser: Yeah. Okay. This is what I'm seeing. Sorry for the background noise.
Richard Diaz: No, sorry.
Emily Kaiser: H-A-L-D-O-L.
Richard Diaz: It should be that maybe it should try H-A-L-O.
Emily Kaiser: H-A-L-L.
Richard Diaz: Opuridol.
Emily Kaiser: Oh, right here.
Richard Diaz: Powder. Yeah. Oh, I didn't even know they're made of powder.
Emily Kaiser: So then what you would do here is you just fill in this information diagnosis code. Yeah. And then any information that it's asking here. So what kind of milligram delivery, all that kind of stuff. And then go ahead and create medication.
Richard Diaz: So will the diagnosis code crossover from the assessment, you know, or do I have to look for that and put that in?
Emily Kaiser: That's a good question. I would think if it's in the assessment, it would cross over. If not, then you would just put it in.
Richard Diaz: Got it. Okay. And then. Another question. Oh, and then does the dose spot across into the PMP, which is the. It's a pharmacy board that kind of checks the prescriptions that the patient has for narcotics.
Emily Kaiser: Like controlled substances. Yeah. Yes. You're able to do all controlled substances here as well. I just mentioned this. I kind of wanted you to see how. How simple it is because using a few different systems, it sounds like your current prescribing is in your EHR, which is great. If you have a system that works for you, that's awesome. But I really. I've noticed that a lot of people don't really fully understand how simple it is until they see it live. So I figured I would just show you while I have you on the phone.
Richard Diaz: Yeah, no, that's. That's real cool. I think I'm trying to see. So in New York, their EMR was really shitty. And was I able to prescribe. I think I was able to prescribe through their EMR, and then I use. I had to have a token. In order to put, you know, load the token number in order for the prescription to go through.
Emily Kaiser: Yes, that makes sense. Okay, well, I know that we covered a lot of information here of anything that feels unclear or anything that we didn't go over.
Richard Diaz: No, I mean, I just think that it's, you know, again, because they don't have, they're like in between EMRs right now. It'll require some.
Richard Diaz: Time on in the front end.
Emily Kaiser: I think once I.
Richard Diaz: I get it up and going, it's going to be fantastic.
Emily Kaiser: Yeah. Yeah, I think so, too. Okay, great. Well, like I said, Richard, if anything does come up, if you have any questions as you're kind of navigating the system, you can text or call me or email me whatever works best for you. And reschedule another 15 minutes and walk through any questions you have once you're really using the platform.
Richard Diaz: Yeah, great. No, thank you for your time. It's. I'm excited about using it.
Emily Kaiser: Good. Good. Yes, us, too.
Emily Kaiser: Okay, well, I would like you go if anything comes up, please let me know.
Richard Diaz: Thank you.
Emily Kaiser: You.
Richard Diaz: Bye-bye.