Rene Compean II, MD: Only Dr. Here in Spanish, that's all we have. Saved my life. You have no idea where people have taken their lives. And Hebrew have a lot of notes open. But I said, nope, they're over here on that second. But it's. Without it, there's no way I would be. I have 1,300 patients. Imagine having to do a note every time.
Lee Harrold: You're like solo doing 1300 patients or that's
Rene Compean II, MD: your practice linear on the computer trying to run reports here and there, but Tibra, driving me insane. And you guys also went from zero to 1000 really quick. Okay. The second predicted. But.
Lee Harrold: Yeah, well, one day we'll go public and then you'll see the thing you could.
Rene Compean II, MD: Looking at, there's a building like a coach, there's a billion company. I think I'm really thinking of transfer nerd just moving everything on job site. I mean, it's unbelievable.
Lee Harrold: Yeah, I mean, yeah, we can, the odds are pretty good that we support everything that you're trying to do. If you want to do like a data transformation, I like head those two so we can get all of your patients from Tebra into Jadsec if there are any that aren't already there. There's some network condition that's turned you into a transformer. I can't quite hear you.
Rene Compean II, MD: Better maybe.
Lee Harrold: Okay, this is better.
Rene Compean II, MD: That is better now. Different parts. Of course.
Lee Harrold: There we go.
Rene Compean II, MD: So give me how do we. Keep.
Lee Harrold: So jump jump into Jot. And youd should see.
Rene Compean II, MD: On my computer.
Lee Harrold: Got you. Can you could you join this meeting on your computer so I could see your screen as you're working?
Rene Compean II, MD: Sure. The only question is how do I do
Lee Harrold: that question if you go to the Google Calendar.
Rene Compean II, MD: Yeah, you'll be able to join join now. I guess I'm on the other line.
Lee Harrold: Mute yourself in one of those places and we'll be safe.
Rene Compean II, MD: Right there.
Lee Harrold: Cool. All right so I'm just going to check on something I make sure this is enabled for you. Yep it is okay cool so at the bottom of your computer there's like there are a few buttons one of them is next to a smiley face it's a little box with an arrow on it if you click that I can see your screen.
Rene Compean II, MD: On the bottom of my computer.
Lee Harrold: Yep yeah so like are you do you see the Google meet oh yeah sorry look at look at the Google meet screen.
Rene Compean II, MD: Okay I hear all that comes
Lee Harrold: okay yep yeah so quick the share screen button which is the one at the bottom of the screen next to the smiley face.
Rene Compean II, MD: My referee face okay.
Lee Harrold: And then that should pop up a menu that asks you if you want to share your entire screen and I would recommend just doing that so I
Rene Compean II, MD: can actually share screen and then entire screen and also sure audio outputs. That one should I click on blue level off.
Lee Harrold: What did you say?
Rene Compean II, MD: It is audio outputs oh yeah.
Lee Harrold: Sweet okay so let's let's jump into jot sec. Tion one next September. Now click on the your practice button next to record. And click on clinicians. Yeah and now there's a there's a ad jotterx to your plan so I guess before we jump into this this is going to right up front like ask ask you to pay the price for Jotterex so it's $69 I want to let you know that and do you like what do you currently use for e prescription do you use Tebra's solution? Oh I think there's a another network situation. I'm wondering because like it looks like there's nothing. There's no delay on your laptop it's only on your phone I'm wondering if you could. Like change the video and the audio to use your your laptop instead of your phone.
Rene Compean II, MD: See how would I do that should I just hang up the iPhone or like
Lee Harrold: yeah yeah hang up the phone and then like click the. Microphone and. Kind of window thing right next to your mouse cursor yeah.
Rene Compean II, MD: Maybe microphone not found I don't know why it's not plugged in oh. Okay. And this is the number I can call into.
Lee Harrold: Yeah let me get you a number. Okay I think I found the feature so if you go back to Google Meet yeah if you go to click there's like a hamburger menu so like three ellipses next to each other next to the to the red hang up button. Yep click on that. And then. There's a oh okay mine has it yours doesn't have it said use phone for audio but if you click copy joining info of over his hand it'll have a number that you can call into so paste that open like another note on your computer. Yeah yeah word doc would be good.
Rene Compean II, MD: And we can paste.
Lee Harrold: Oh okay well. Let's just let's just do as much as we can and then like get get through the network comps. So let's let's jump back into Jot oh yeah yeah so the question I was asking was how this is going to work is. Said an account up for you inside a dose spot which is our partner our e prescription partner and then a lot of the prescribing you'll do is inside of that portal. So I asked the question about you potentially having used another e prescription partner because I wanted to let you know that you if you have any like refills that you would want to transfer over. Or transfer requests. We we would have to get you completely off of your existing platform and then use like dosepot. Oh, I'm sorry that's not true I misspoke you wouldn't like we we could we could allow you to transfer those those other ones over it would just take like one to two days for me to just file a support ticket and any new refill request you wanted to create. On job site would would work just fine so I just want to let you know before you before you like pay $600 and discover you you can't transfer immediately. But if you signed up for it you would be able to prescribe like today. It's like. You were muted on both of the. Both your phone. And on your laptop. But you've muted yourself inside of Google Meet. On the microphone. Laredo I was in Laredo a couple days ago that's crazy. Yeah man I was yeah I played a set of Southwest and and that's that's where we that's where we rented an Airbnb. Yeah. What did you say? Oh I left I left on Tuesday I left Tuesday in the morning. Oh I. I live in in in in Indianapolis. That's crazy timing. Really oh. Yeah man I left it like the perfect time apparently I left it like like Tuesday. Okay I'm wrong I'm wrong I'm a totally different location that was where I was where I stayed in Laredo I stayed in just north of but that is that is wild I'm glad you're okay. Jesus. Yeah. So I yeah I can I can show you a sample on my screen before we have you pay so let me let me do that real quick. Let me share my screen. One. There we go let me pull up. Account. And then we're going to go to. Patients and I'm going to pull up. Here's our. Fake patient. So this is. This is the platform that we use so I have this fake patient named dose spot so the patient name will appear on the top left here you'll see all this information. And then. This is how like like an error will show up and if there's an issue in prescribing something. I wanted to prescribe a new prescription for my patient you know date of birth. I can go here and I can search for the name of the patient or the for the name of the medication so let's say like Ambien. Oh like generic specifically to your question. What's the name of the generic version of ambient. What do you call is how do I spell it? Z o. Mb. Tartrate okay cool. Where. Are we. Yeah looks like this is this is available. So I'm in Indiana it looks like. This is a controlled substance in the state of Indiana oh so that's the other thing like we would put in your your your DEA number for any state you're registered in. You you are going to be able to prescribe controlled substances I can't because this is a test account. But I just wanted to let you know that yes you can in fact prescribe control substances but here you can you know select what what form you want it to be in. Like the quantity the frequency of the prescription how much supply and then like how many refills. Wow. Yeah. That's crazy yeah that's crazy. So I guess in here is is there anything here else that you would want to like. Yeah yeah we do we do epcs. So any any prescribed substance. Yeah what else I guess did you want me to show. Oh sorry let me take a look at your screen I will stop presenting. Okay yeah I can see your screen now yep. So Tebra. Yeah. That is that's a huge issue because it's it's like a different. And it's your your MPI number but because the name is different. Yeah. I see what you're talking about. It seems fully featured and very complicated. Yeah that's crazy. Yeah that's yeah that's really complicated. Well tell you what I think because like there's a lot of depth and detail that like you as right as. A clinician has that like I'm just not going to have I don't know that I can like walk through all this stuff in despot to tell you it's going to work for you so I feel like what I should do is just give you like like a trial like a reduced rate for a while yeah and then you could like jump in. Yeah let's let's do that so let's so maybe yeah jump into your practice and then clinicians. And then I'll set you up and then it'll it'll like charge your card for 69 but then I'll immediately reimburse you do what do you want to do you want to do a 20 a 20 sample for the first month does that sound okay? Cool. Yeah so scroll up to the top here under under under clinicians. And click the edit button yeah that guy and then scroll down and then click jot RX at the bottom under add-ons. And then click save changes. Oh yeah yeah that's his own thing that's like let's lets you make sure your notes are like in alignment with the payers that you use. Yeah so now click go to practice settings where you clicked edit before. And then click connect to dose spot right there. So this is going to be the name of your clinic so this can be like whatever it is but like what's the name of your organization. Okay cool. So sweet. Yeah but I guess I guess I want you to know that that can be any name like you want it to be so it doesn't have to be just that it can be. Just right right it's it's harder to change later so I would I'd set it now. Sounds good. Yep if the pharmacy needs something they'll contact that number. Oh looks like it auto populated the forward Texas but it's going to want like TX so. What did. Oh yeah shortened Texas to. All right we're in cool now click the next register button. And then scroll down. Should be at the bottom of this page there's a. Yeah okay yeah so now now you this you're going to want to put in your official legal name in the fill all the stuff your MPI number and your DEA number at the bottom of this page and then you'll be good to go. To Roberts because eBescription first name last name yeah that stuff. Well yeah I want I would like for you to do it now because there's a step after this that's like kind of a thing. You have to jump into the. Platform and then do a photo shoot just to prove that it's it's actually. Yeah exactly. Exactly. I think I think you can type into it directly if you don't want to use the box you can just. Like. Oh it's not now working. Hey there it goes. We did it. Nice. Yeah. For sure it's are you ready? F C. 2 9 1 4 5 3 0. Cool. And there's a couple of questions I think the answer is yes because you use TEbrA. This this this will cover the same thing we discussed at the top of the call which is like if you have. Any refills or change requests enabled. There. We can we can transfer those. Over to Jatzec if you want but since you're like trialing I think it probably makes sense to keep those on the current platform. Sweet so you can go ahead and click that register for e-prescribing button. Cool now you can this is the this is the picture thing I was talking about. So you can click the open dose spot to complete identity proofing. Button. Yeah and this is the thing I was like oh I want to make sure I'm on the phone for this guy just in case this happens so this this is coming up because you know you have your your MPI number is associated with change requests on TERVER so I'm just going to jump in. To the dose spot. Platform and let them know hey it's okay we're good. Oh yeah do you have a two o'clock. Okay. Gotch understood. You gotta find this. I need to find there's. Oh gotcha. You. All right we're in let me do the do. Okay yeah you should be good to go so if you go back to that page and hit. Refresh. Should. Oh interesting. Okay. Looks like. I don't know what's going on here. You're you're you you've done everything correct on your end. There's something I need to. Yeah okay so I think I have to I have to like this is going to take like about 20 minutes so is it okay if I like take care of this and then get back to you? Awesome. Perfect yeah well sweet I'll I'll call you and then we can we do this again thanks Renee I'll talk to you soon.