Nathan Peereboom: Abdul, how are you?
Abdul Ahmed: Hey, Nate. I'm good, man. How are you?
Nathan Peereboom: Good. It's nice to see you again.
Abdul Ahmed: Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: I'm joined by my colleague, Chris. Chris, this is Abdul. Abdul, Chris is our chief staff. Great to meet you.
Abdul Ahmed: Nice to meet you. Likewise.
Nathan Peereboom: This was just promoted. Now he's Chris, what are you.
Christopher Hume: What is your gross operations, but you can call him a chief of staff. Keeps it, keeps it easier.
Abdul Ahmed: Fair enough. Fair enough. Very nice to meet you, my man.
Nathan Peereboom: Awesome. So, hey, I, I really enjoyed the conversation with you last, last week. Abdul. I think today is just a time for us to like walk you through, you know, jot psych, what we're doing with acquisitions and like what our process is. You know, as you and I discussed, like you're already in process with other companies, you guys do something that's like adjacent, but maybe not like smack on the middle of the target of what we do. But I think it's always, you know, like, I'm incredibly impressed by what you've built. I'm excited about what we built. I feel a lot of like kinship with you as a founder and you know, if there's any way that we can kind of knowledge share here or even down the road have some kind of, you know, you know, partnership together, that's like incredibly exciting. So that's what I was planning to kind of just walk through. I've got a little presentation for us, but anything that I should make sure I cover or remember or anything you want to bring up before we hop into it?
Abdul Ahmed: I mean, no, not necessarily. I. I think I'm kind of on the same page as you. Still open minded, right? Just kind of see if the synergies make sense, if you know, the structure makes sense and see what we come up either now or later. Right. Completely open to the possibilities. But you know, you have some experience and you shared your background with me in private equity. So, you know, I'm sure you've seen a lot of these deals happen over the years. So. Yeah, completely open minded.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, great. Awesome. Abdul, do you mind just giving a quick intro to Chris? Just so I mean, I've briefed him, but it'd be nice to just like have a little bit of, you know, from the horse's mouth, like a little bit of the bio here.
Abdul Ahmed: Definitely, definitely. So yeah. Chris, I'm the CEO and co founder of CA Billing. We are Behavioral Health RCM Billing Company. We've been around for almost 10 years now. In about a month or so, it'll be 10 years of operations for us. So exciting times. You know, we're located here in Southern California. Really started servicing a lot of facilities in the immediate area. Orange County, Los Angeles, San Diego, and, you know, over the years, have slowly really grown out of that, you know, demographic area. You know, we're a nationwide building company now servicing from Oregon to Washington to Texas to, you know, Illinois. Midwest facilities, you know, the whole nine. So we again, just have slowly grown over the years and continuing to do that. And one of the biggest aspects of, I'm sure you guys know and have seen is utilizing and leveraging tech. Right? So we're really getting into that.
Abdul Ahmed: You know, a lot of us, what we really do here on our side too, and what our clients expect is having their data at their fingertips. Right. So giving them a platform where they can easily access that. Right. Giving historical data on certain policies, you know, compliance measures, you know, the whole nine. So that's kind of, in a nutshell, what we're doing over here and what we have done over the last 10 years and continuing to adapt and grow, of course.
Nathan Peereboom: Awesome. Thanks.
Christopher Hume: Thanks. The over overview there. And I also just want to say I was reviewing some of the notes that Nate shared ahead of time. It looks like you've had an incredible 10 years. So, yeah, really impressive and yeah, looking forward to this conversation.
Abdul Ahmed: Thank you. Thank you. Appreciate that.
Nathan Peereboom: Awesome. All right, cool. Well, I'll share my screen and we'll just like walk through. Walk through this little decaru. Let's see. All right, so you know, as you. As you know, Abdul, or, you know, I'm actually going to assume that you don't know a lot of context about jot Psych, so I'll. But. But if you do, just go kind of nudge me, nudge me along. So we are an AI engine that essentially unites the documentation side of behavioral health with the billing side of behavioral health. Our core market is in psychiatrists, psychiatric nurse practitioners, social workers, therapists, and we do a lot of work with substance use treatment centers, you know, methadone clinics, rehab facilities, et cetera.
Nathan Peereboom: So, you know, so your core market is inside of ours. But our billing product, you know, is probably like one half step away from being like, perfect for kind of your setting. Because we do mostly procedural based coding. I think that we did. We talked about like, that whole, like, document generation process, though. So, like, you know, the connection between like, kind of our technology and what you. You. So we're going to walk through five things today. One, what is jots like? Two, why are we acquiring an RCM company? Three, what's the ideal RCM company? Four, what's our diligence and acquisition process? And five, what's life after acquisition? Because people are interested in that. Anything on this agenda that you think I'm missing?
Abdul Ahmed: No, I mean, it basically covers it. I think I have some more questions of our number five, life after acquisition. When we get there, but I don't want to jump ahead yet.
Nathan Peereboom: Cool. Okay. Awesome. Okay, so first, what is jobs like? So we started out as an AI scribe, but. Our real technologies that we turn every note into revenue. We unite scribing and billing, we take in all the payer requirements, we write a note that's audit proof, we write a claim that's coherent with that note. And then we have an automated system that, you know, appeals, denials, reconciles, eras with what's in the contract, reconciles what's in the bank account with what's in the era. Creates a totally like, tight system of evaluating, like, where are their gaps? Where should we, like, you know, dig in? And how do we do that really quickly? We've scribed for around a little over 2.1 million encounters at this point. And our technology is like, very loved by the people who use it. You know, this is a case study of an action addiction clinic in our area. They do, you know, mat they do Iop they do, you know, outpatient. There's around a little over 100 clinicians. What we found when we did this pilot program and we had the clinic help us measure it, was that the average clinician saved around two hours of time every day. The notes were significantly better. Around 80% of people said significantly better. No one said the notes got worse. And then the speed of submission dropped from around three days to around one day. So there's a 60% improvement in the speed of submission, which obviously is, you know, depending on what the billing cycle is, can be a material change in a company's working capital. Jotting is super darn easy to use. You just log in, you click start, you can add as much context as you want, you can link patients. And when you do that, you, you know, you get not just a note, but a lot of the other documentation features that I think we touched on briefly. Now, the key thing, what makes us different than other AI scribes is that we've ingested and we have an engine that takes any kind of document you could want. So, I mean, you guys probably work with hundreds, if not thousands of different payer documents. All of them have different requirements. All them do have different fee schedules. On top of that, there's other documentation, like how clinic practices, what kind of audits they typically go through, you know, what are some of the things that they need because they're in a particular environment where they need like a, you know, a coordinating primary physician, whatever. All of that is completely customizable and part of the. The job site engine. So I'm going to pull this up and. Yeah. So. Okay. So I think, Abdul, what did we show you last time? I think that we showed you like the basic, you know, the basic software, right? We showed you that. You know, you create a note patient, you can select whatever codes you need. Now, again, you don't do procedure based coding. So I know this is different, but for you, I think that the biggest advantage is that your patient has a central place where from there you can send for. Forms you can send, lab orders, you can generate again any document. I think we went through this whole kit and Google. Right.
Abdul Ahmed: That was the cool part. Yeah, that's what really got me excited.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. So the whole theory here is that we believe that we can create basically a better billing cycle because we have all this AI that's doing a lot of the stuff that human beings had to do and not only the time and the labor cost, that's one thing. But the bigger thing is actually just like accuracy and performance. We can be so much more careful about the kinds of documents we write about, the kind of language we use. We can have feedback loops when there are denials. If we're looking at continuation of care, we can pull the exact kind of 200 page documents that outline exactly what that pair needs for continuation of care and, and argue on specific lines and reference those specific parts of the document. Like the robustness, the just like the machine power of it is unlike anything a human organization can do at any sort of normal cost. So anyways, so that's who we are. So the question though is like, why would we be acquiring an RCM company, right? And the reason is that we've recently launched this new kind of program called JotBuilder. Now Jot Bill is everything that's in job site, but there's also a human component because there are humans that I can kind of shepherd through the collection of the context documents. You know, there's some edge cases that we want to stand. And our goal is that, you know, we don't want to be a 93% solution, we want to be a 100% solution. And so we've hired several billers and we've got people, you know, as employees on team, are completely focused on this. But we're acquiring an RCM company to augment our team and to gain customers. Those are the two goals we want to grow with customers and we want to have a team that can scale the power of the software. So right now, in JOT Bill, the magic is you go in, you have an encounter, you do the encounter, we tell you, you know, we flag eligibility early on, we write a perfect note, you sign your note and then anything that has to happen after. So in your circumstance, continuation of care documentation, you know, any kind of like, you know, authorization for, you know, for another span of time, like whatever you guys need. The bill, like us as a billing company would take care of that as you do. And then we also operate as like, basically financial, like advisors to our clinics. So we'll like, you know, we have a dashboard. We're actually, like, tonight we're doing one of these meetings where we sit down and we have like, an actual, like. Like a PowerPoint presentation where we're walking through every single aspect of the clinic's billing situation in really, really robust detail, so that clinic owners feel like they have a lot of ownership over what's happening. They understand it. Okay, I'm going to flip through this because. Already talked about a lot of it in terms of like automated appeals, billing patients. Yeah, we already covered this. In terms of like what we're looking for, there are basically like three focuses. One, we want to work with a behavioral health focused billing company. Two, we want to work with a company that has durable customer relationships. From an acquisition standpoint, that probably means that we're just. Given our size, we're probably looking at something half a million to $3 million in annual revenue. Now I'm sure that you are far above this. So you guys are probably like, if we were going to do something, it would probably be more of like a partnership structure or like a JV structure or something. And so that's the second thing though. And then the third thing is we really want to work with people who believe in technology and who believe in this vision of the, of uniting documentation and RCM and just like having the most aggressive, ambitious approach to the. Not just AI, but just any technological tool that is brought to bear in that, in that problem space. Okay, let me pause here because we're about to get to some of the more tactical stuff. Any questions about like, who we are, why we're doing this, what we're looking for, Anything that feels like fuzzy there?
Abdul Ahmed: Yeah, no, I mean, just a quick, just thought that I had, you know, so, so for a complete acquisition, you guys would be looking for, you know, the 500 to 3 million range. And so what would, you know, a JV intentionally look like? You know, would it be just, hey, we're gonna partner, you know, or charts stay the same on each company, but will merge essentially is what it would be. Is that what you're thinking more or less of? You know, that's where it kind of is a little buzzy for me.
Nathan Peereboom: I could imagine a million different arrangements. I mean, you're, you're kind of a special bird in my, in my mind. Like, I think, I think that I said this when we were on the phone last. Like, I'd be really curious. I mean, I would want to kind of craft it around what worked for you. I could imagine a situation where we even said like, like the latest version would be something like, hey, we just help you. Like, like we help you set up our software. You guys use it, get all the benefit as the billing company. But like our benefit is like, you know, we get people on job site and like, so we're, you know, you guys get a special referral rate. You know, we're like super hands on, but really like, you guys own the actual process. Of using the software, integrating it with your customers, all that. So that's like one version, right? Where we're basically a software vendor to you. Another second iteration, or imagination could be something like, there's a certain portion of customers that you want us to manage. We almost take your most challenging customers. You're like, hey, these are my customers who write horrible notes. Who. It's really, really hard. To, you know, to get continuation of care authorizations for. We're always fighting. Their pairs are really hawkish. We want to carve that out, have you guys do like, you know, some kind of revenue sharing agreement where you get 3%, we get 3%, whatever. And like we're like in the trenches with you like that. I can imagine that being an approach. I could also imagine an approach where we say, hey, we believe in this system and we as two separate but like sort of large companies are going to go find like two or three other RCM companies and actually become, you know, something of scale. And you know, there's a technology back end, there's like more, you know, there's, there's some kind of like operational synergy in, in that. So I mean I can imagine a few different, different things. What we're optimizing for is simplicity. Like we basically like, we're technologists primarily and we want to just build technology and like distribute it as like best we can. So we don't, we wouldn't be super excited about like a really complicated like, you know, shell company in the Bahamas sort of situation. The thing that we're really excited about is someone needs to benefit from the technology. Someone needs to own customer relationships. We can negotiate how that works. We just want our tech out in the world and we want people to benefit from it. So that's like our North Star. And to do that we like kind of have to be sort of complexity averse because otherwise like you just turn into this like fly that's like against a spider's web. And it doesn't matter how hard, you're kind of, you know, twitching all over the place, you just can't move. So yeah, we just want, we want something super cool.
Abdul Ahmed: So I mean, you've said a few times, quick, right? Quick. So what's your goal, right? I mean, what's your goal? To take this thing to market. You know, you don't have to answer this yet, but are you guys private equity backed already? Are you looking okay? So I mean, what's where, where, where, where do you see yourself in the next three to five years and how quickly are you trying to go to market?
Nathan Peereboom: So I'm not trying to sell like anytime soon. We raised some venture capital money which is, I mean, I don't know how financing you are, but it's like a sort of separate from private equity. It's like a little different just in the way they think about the world. So we raised venture capital money about 10 months ago, which is part of why we have the capital to do it. Oh, that's right.
Abdul Ahmed: You mentioned that. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay.
Nathan Peereboom: Now, my vision is like, I. I have, like, no interest in exiting. Like, I basically just want to build, like, the biggest, most impactful health tech company out there. And I kind of. I feel, like, totally optimistic about, like, exactly how that happens, but I, like, don't. I don't have, like, a three to five year, like, oh, I want to, like, get out by that time or. Um, or anything like that. I, you know, you. You've been in your business for 10 years. Like that to me is like kind of the scale that I'm thinking as well.
Abdul Ahmed: Got it. Okay, that's good to know. And then just operationally, just on the platform itself, do you mind sharing what clearinghouse you're using?
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, we use Steady. Do you guys know Steady?
Abdul Ahmed: Oh, I love Steady. No, I, we. I know Steady. I haven't used them yet. You know, they're obviously really blowing up right now just due to their API and every, you know, all the access that they have. So I've had a lot of different conversations with them, you know, about building some sort. Software at some point. I just don't know if it's time yet, just due to where we're at in the current processes of our possible acquisition. So. But I, but I love seti's platform. It's.
Abdul Ahmed: It's really, really, really cool. So it makes me happy to hear. Yeah, and they really are. Yeah, they really, really are. Another question I had was, sorry, I've been on calls all morning. I'm starting to get a little jello brain. Really. It was just circulated around just like the process of it. All right, So, I mean, you know, I can see here that you guys have a really cool, really cool tool that you guys have been able to access. So what's your ideal customer? I, I think we talked about this last time, but obviously my ideal customer is going to be different from yours. So what's an ideal customer for you guys?
Nathan Peereboom: Ideal customer is like psychiatric nurse practitioner who has 20 psychiatric NPS under them and is trying to grow really fast, but wants to run a tight ship. Yeah, that's. That's like the perfect client. Probably 10 to 15% of our customers are in addiction medicine. And that is, you know, like that, that's a lot of, you know, that seems to work. The program seems to work for them.
Abdul Ahmed: Sure, sure. No, I can. And I can see why. You know, obviously I've had that limited view, but what I've seen so far is amazing. And it definitely helps any sort of clinician really document better and faster and just more efficiently right at the end of. It's hard working with some of these doctors and these clinicians sometimes just because like they're focused more on patient care and they're not so much worried about the insurance companies, but that's how we all get paid. That's how they get paid, you know. So.
Abdul Ahmed: Yeah, yeah, it's, it's frustrating. So I can see how, you know, much of a benefit that this software can be to them. Right. And just making their lives a lot easier. So. Yeah, Austin answered.
Nathan Peereboom: Cool. Abdul, remind me, did I walk you through this whole rules engine last time we're on the phone?
Abdul Ahmed: Yeah, a bit. Yeah, we did definitely go through this.
Nathan Peereboom: Well, we talked about it already though. I won't belabor it if I.
Abdul Ahmed: Yeah, yeah. I mean, we can go over it. Again, but I remember that specifically just kind of going over the rules for each payer on the billing and on the guidelines as well, too.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. Because one of the ways that I think about the overlap between, you know, your core customer and our core customer is in all circumstances the notes have to be good because they get audited. You know, like, no matter what situation you're in, the notes get audited. And so the same principle, which is again, whatever the payer has in terms of contracts and documentation, we want that to overlay and grade all the documents that get signed into our system of record. That is like, probably like the biggest overlap for our two customer.
Abdul Ahmed: Yeah, I mean, you know, even on that, I'll just, just add real quick to that audit process. I mean, we. This is the most audits we've ever dealt with in my career, like, ever. Right. The payer audits, it's been pretty insane. So we've been trying to figure out different ways to help leverage technology on helping us complete these a lot quicker. So again, that's another value add. Right. A lot of our process right now is manual, offshore, manual, you know, combination of the two, or we're trying to add in right now currently a process to help automate a lot of that stuff to review and essentially just give us the correction so we can give it to the facilities, you know, have an automation process to where, you know, it's following up, you know, completion, the whole nine. And yeah, I mean, the pay audits are insane right now. So we're definitely feeling that burden.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, yeah, yeah, that, that's something that we hear from everyone, which makes sense because, you know, we have this technology, but so do all the, you know, all the pairs. And so, you know, the payers are able to scale everything that, you know, they're, you know, everything that they're doing around auditing for the first time, they're able to say, hey, you know what? We're just going to audit every note because we can.
Abdul Ahmed: And that is.
Nathan Peereboom: That's a different world, you know, It's a different world. The way that I explain what I do to, like, my family and friends is I'm like, hey, there's this robot war that's starting right now, and it's kind of wild. Like, insurance companies, they have like their arms dealers and they're like gonna audit everything and they're gonna be like super, super anal about it. And we are basically like the mercenary that goes and fights on the part of the clinician and the patient. And, you know, and that arms race is. It is a traditional, almost like, historical feeling arms race that. That we're kind of engaged in. And. And that's, I would say, like, the larger, like, narrative arc of, like, why our business exists, why we get hired, like, why we do what we do.
Abdul Ahmed: Yep, yep, yep. Well said.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay. I know you're in diligence process with other companies.
Nathan Peereboom: I'll just walk you through ours. It's really, you know, I use this word, it's fast, so, you know. We do a high level meeting. We didn't have you sign an NDA, we can do that after. But we believe that people want to know the range of price really early in the process. So what we do is we do a 60 minute interview which is just like, we'll ask you like a bunch of things. You don't have to show us anything, but just like a bunch of like real like digging. At the end of that, we'll take the information and we'll deliver you an IOI which tells you the price range that we're kind of considering. So you know, then at that point you can know, hey, this is like sort of on target. It's like totally off. But you can like figure out like, do I even want to talk to these guys going forward? If the price range is kind of in the right zone, we move to, we move to confirmatory diligence. And that's where we, you know, we look at your PNLs, we look at your contracts, we do some legal diligence. You know, all that jazz, that's kind of intensive, but it's really just a document poll. Then we'll do a like, basically an interview with you, another one like that's about. And any leadership members you have about what we found so far, we'll say like, hey, this is what we're seeing. What are we getting wrong? What are we misunderstanding? And at the end of that, we want to give you an loi, which is like, not just like a price proposal, but actually a like terms and structure proposal. If that feels right to you, then what we want to do is understand if our, if your customer base and your relationship with your customers makes sense for the jot. Psych jot audit, jot bill transition. And so we can figure out exactly how to do this. But we basically need some experiment to validate, like, hey, you guys actually do like our technology, Your customers actually do like our technology. And this is going to be a really happy marriage. And then if all of that is true, then we like, you know, do definitive agreements close. You're out in California, right? So we'll come out to California, you know, do it, do a nice dinner together, all that jazz. But for us, we're like incredibly sensitive to like wasting time. So as soon as you can drop out of the process, we want you to drop out of the process.
Nathan Peereboom: And if you're going to move to the next stage, like it's just going to get increasingly serious. So that's kind of the way that we're structuring the, the deal process, how does that sit for you? Does that seem reasonable? How does it cohere with or disagree with, like, other, you know, approaches that you've experienced?
Abdul Ahmed: No, I mean, it looks like a really robust, well put together process. You know, the only thing that I have to say is just, you know, based off the price range that you're looking for, I don't know if, like, a full acquisition would make sense just because, you know, our points really high up there.
Nathan Peereboom: Yes. What are you guys doing? I assumed it was out of range.
Abdul Ahmed: Yeah, no problem. I mean, I'm more than happy to share the revenue. You know, I think we. Did just 5,7 million this last year. Yeah, that's so. Yeah. So I mean we're, you know, and again that's, that doesn't even include our growth new clients that, you know, have an actualized revenue going into 26 and you know, right now we're trying to target anywhere between like 8 to 12 multiple. So you know, like I said, it's just, it's high up there. So I don't even know. Again, in the sake, in the spirit of not wasting time, I think just kind of getting creative is going to be our best outlook on the structure like this. So what I want to do is I want to talk to my executives, just take a look at some things, take a look at some of your scribe in your tools and see where we can possibly, you know, pull it into our, into our systems, right. And see what makes sense and then have a discussion from there. Right now if there is an opportunity to where you know, these, none of these deals go through, we just say, hey, screw it, we're just going to keep running this thing and you know, until the wheels fall off and talk about like a big roll up, right. With a couple other billing companies and really take it larger than life. I don't know if that's necessarily going to happen. I'm tired. You know, I need an exit date. You know, I know it's going to be three to five years out, but that's okay with me. As long as I have my exit date, I'm happy. You know, I, I definitely want to jump in just again, as I say full transparency, I'm, I'm not going anywhere now I'm 35 years old, but by the time I'm 40, I'd like to, to move on. Right. So that's just kind of where I'm at at a full transparency and just trying to see, you know, what, what makes the most sense on utilizing some of the tools that you guys have already have built, man. I mean, and you guys use a, one of my favorite clearinghouses as well too, which is steady. I've only heard great things about them. Right.
Abdul Ahmed: Yeah, these other. We use Collaborate MD for our billing software and they were great. I mean they were using Change Healthcare when we first started with them and then they bought their own. It's called E Payer Solutions. It's been terrible. It's been really, really rough working with them. But again, nonetheless, I really, really do like which you guys have built. I think you guys are going to take this into a place I can't even see. But I, I would love to be a part of it if it's possible.
Abdul Ahmed: You know, that's just really where I'm at.
Nathan Peereboom: Totally. Well, you know, as you know, I, I came from the private equity industry, and I, I remember when companies were getting ready to sell, the thing that they thought about was, okay, what's the math here? The math here is there's basically three factors. There's how big we are, revenues wise.
Nathan Peereboom: There's the growth, which is the same factor as the multiple. Really? You get paid for the multiple, or you get paid for growth and multiple. And then there's profitability, because the multiple gets multiplied by profitability, doesn't get multiplied by revenue at your size. And the thing that I would take away from that and, you know, this. Is super obvious, but any dollar you save, you get paid in enterprise value at this point at like, 8 to 12. So if we save you $100,000, that's like, a lot of value in your total enterprise value. If you're thinking about the 12 multiple, you got a lot of people working for you. You know, you got, what, 40 to 50 employees. You can scale that by hiring more and more people as you grow, or you can. You know, obviously technology has to be the thing that allows you to, you know, really get the most out of your exit. So if. If you are interested in, like, really, like, sitting down and being like, hey, these are all the ways we could shrink your, like, overhead with John. Psych. Like, I think that that, like, totally would be a good place to start.
Abdul Ahmed: I like that. If that's the mindset that we're going into this, then I really like that we don't need to do it.
Nathan Peereboom: Like, the point of it is not to. I mean, I say this to Chris all the time. Like, we're not trying to, you know, Cinderella, slipper, anyone. Like, we're just, you know, we just want you to be happy. We want our software to get used however that happens. It can be a customer relationship, it can be a referral relationship, it could be an acquisition, but it doesn't really. We don't really care. So. So however, we can be of support to you and the team there. That's exciting for us.
Abdul Ahmed: Okay, fair enough. Well, yeah, I think that's. That's going to be a little bit more palatable for me to kind of, you know, ease. Right. To really start doing some thinking on how we can do some sort of an integration. Really, the top of my list would be, you know, audit and compliance. Right. Let's just call it medical records. That's one area that, you know, we can definitely utilize some of that structure and of course, billing. But I. I just don't know. Right. I don't know. What. I don't know. Just because, you know, we. It's not really that easy for us to. Because we. Our whole workflow for AR is inside of CollaborateMD. Right. So AR is all in there. Claims need to be billed, you know, eras need to be received. Again, it's just. It's a big, big tangle. Yeah. So what I'm thinking kind of like, you know, the easiest way right now just to kind of get our foot in the door and start working on some other stuff would be, you know, the audits and medical records, compliance piece. That's going to be one big area.
Nathan Peereboom: So let me propose something just so you have, like, a concrete idea in your mind. And Chris is kind of our master of ceremonies for this sort of thing. But one thing that we would probably, like, might be really helpful for you, is just to take a group of, like, 10 of your customers, 10 clinicians, and just say, hey, I want you guys to use John Psych for one month. You know, do a pilot program. And what the pilot program will allow you to do is allow you to see the value of the audit system.
Nathan Peereboom: And there's no setup. It's just a website, you know, like, you. You log on the job site, you click record, you do the, you know, the, the note comes into your, you know, into your system. You can add like Chris will help you like add all the documents you need so that it's auto generating these rules and then you guys can see how people react to it. You can learn a lot about it. It's basically zero risk. That's probably the right like little toe dip if you were trying to figure out hey, can I use this for auditing and compliers.
Abdul Ahmed: So you're saying that it would, the notes would be essentially be taking in JOT Psych. Would JOT Psych be able to integrate with another emr?
Nathan Peereboom: So we have a program now here I'm gonna. Yeah, it's like, it's called JOT Shuttle. It's like our, that might be our internal name, but it's basically just a chrome extension that just pushes back the data into the ehr. My recommendation, when you, you can try that, it's early, it's a beta feature. We were happy to share it with you and roll it out to you if you're interested. My advice would just be like have people copy and paste. Because the copy and paste is so easy. Like you go to your note, I'm just gonna jump back in here, you know, you go to your note and you know, you just, all you have to do is click where is it? Copy all sections. You've got it on your dad on your clipboard and you can just copy and paste it directly into the icon. So it's like, it's really, really easy. You can also obviously copy like, you know, a few sections, you know, like at a time you can edit the note, like in real time. Like you can do everything and just copy and paste it. That's what a hunt. Like right now I think it's like 99% of our customers are just copy.
Abdul Ahmed: Got it, got it. Okay. And how far out are you? So Khipu is going to be our biggest one where you know, all 90% of our customers are utilizing KHIPU as their EHR EMR.
Abdul Ahmed: So with something like that, I mean, how long do you think it'll be until your pilot, if you will, is ready to really integrate with a system like that? Because right now, of course, yeah, that works. Um, but long term, again these clinicians, I'm trying to use this word lightly but you know, trying to have them, there's less areas for them to mess up. Right.
Nathan Peereboom: So you know what I mean?
Nathan Peereboom: So I, I know what you mean. So we have it in the field right now with a few clinics. I mean, if you really wanted it for tpu, it's the same technology. I think that it's probably like a week out. So if you. But if you wanted it, we could have an engineer pretty focused on it. We just kind of would need to know that we were going to do a pilot. And the pilots are like, there's somewhere between 500 and $1,000 just because we do staff people on it. But that's like. One time cost, that is that scales for however many clinicians you would want to work with. But. But yeah, the technology is like, totally there. We just have to run a few tests on KU itself. We have plenty of customers who use KU though, and so we're kind of.
Abdul Ahmed: Oh, okay, okay, cool, cool. And what about if we just wanted to drop some files in there and have it audited? Right. Some medical records, date ranges and all that. Would that be a possibility as well, too?
Nathan Peereboom: I don't believe that we have the functionality yet to audit files that are not in jot psych. That might change, but I think that. I think that you have to take the note in jot psych because the audit is being. It interacts with both the transcript and the note. Because what our AI is doing is it's saying, like, hey, read both of these documents independently, assess what are like the billing regulations or requirements based on both. Now make sure that all that is actually in the note. And if there's incoherence across the transcript and the note, make it cohere or explicitly ask the clinician to attest to the fact that there's a difference or there's something outside the conversation that's relevant there. So the audit system is not built right now to just, like, look through, like, random documents.
Abdul Ahmed: Copy that. Okay. Okay. Good to know. Okay. Yeah, let me. Let me talk to my executive team and let's just see, you know, what we can come up with. It's giving me a lot to think about, but, yeah, I definitely appreciate the presentation entirely. And just to learn more, obviously, I'm doing a lot of learning right now in this past six months, so. Always loving that aspect of it. But yeah, let me take this back to my team and let me just see what we can come up with and I can shoot you an email.
Abdul Ahmed: I think I meet with them tomorrow afternoon, so I can send you an email. I know you guys are on the east coast, but I'll send you an email probably like around 3 or 4 my time tomorrow and just kind of get some notes and some feedback on what we can start focusing on.
Nathan Peereboom: Awesome. All right, perfect. I'm gonna probably let Chris handle that back and forth because Chris is our kind of king of pilots. Like, he's sure he's the best. And, you know, we like to go out and visit our, you know, these clinics, like, do a lunch and learn, like, show them the tech. Like, we like to take on a lot of that, like, hey, welcome to this new world stuff. And Chris is, like, dialed it in. It's a really, really good experience for the clinicians themselves, largely thanks to what Chris has built. So. So I'm going to let him take that. I'll be in the loop. And, like, please let me know if you, like, ever want to just, like, hop on the front of.
Abdul Ahmed: Okay. Yeah, absolutely. I appreciate it. And yeah, Chris, I'll be in touch. I'll send you guys both an email.
Abdul Ahmed: I think your email's on an invite.
Nathan Peereboom: It should be. And I just.
Christopher Hume: Chris Dot com.
Abdul Ahmed: Okay.
Christopher Hume: Orange County, Are you.
Abdul Ahmed: So we just moved to Irvine. Our old office was in Newport beach, but we just moved to Irvine.
Nathan Peereboom: Pretty nice place to do a lunch and learn.
Christopher Hume: So we will not fight you on that one.
Abdul Ahmed: Don't worry. Yeah, man, it's. It's been pretty nice out. I know the rest of the world right now is. It's freezing cold. Where are you located, Chris? Are you in east coast as well?
Nathan Peereboom: I'm in D.C. d.C.
Christopher Hume: So. Pretty snowy and icy. Okay.
Abdul Ahmed: Yeah, no, I mean, today's our colder day, and it's about 70 degrees and partly sunny.
Nathan Peereboom: I'm gonna hang up.
Abdul Ahmed: I'm gonna hang up. And tomorrow we got a heat wave coming in Thursday and Friday, so it's gonna be interesting. So I'm like, I wouldn't survive, man. I just would not be able to survive on these coasts. I'm not built for the cold, man. You know, especially seeing all these things. And apparently I thought Florida was protected, but I guess not. Florida's have, like, some snow coming in, so.
Abdul Ahmed: Yeah, pretty wild. Pretty wild.
Christopher Hume: Pretty wild couple days. Yeah.
Abdul Ahmed: Yeah. So we'll definitely have to get you guys out here. You know, I'm. I'm. Like I said, I'm. Right now, it's. It's beginning of the year still. We're trying to put out a lot of different fires in general and like I mentioned, trying to get out of a lot of these audits right now. And we're, you know, I would say 30 to 40% of the way completed with most of them, but we're in it, so anything that can take the pressure off, it's going to be awesome. Cool, guys, but I appreciate you. I'll be in touch and we'll definitely be talking here soon.
Nathan Peereboom: Awesome. Thanks, Abdul. Great to see you again.
Abdul Ahmed: Thanks, guys.