yaran: Hi, I'm good. How are you?
Nathan Peereboom: Good, good. Hey, I'm sort of in transit right now. I'm just running out of my apartment. So do you mind if I stay off video?
yaran: Yeah, yeah, of course.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, awesome. Awesome. Hey, it's so nice to meet you. I think you've talked to Chris before, right?
yaran: Yes, I have.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. Okay, awesome. How was that conversation?
yaran: It was really good. I learned more about what he does and also like, what are the general projects like? And yeah, and I think it's something I would be very interested in because I think I personally want to do consulting in the future. And I felt like Chief of Staff Internet is a great opportunity to learn more about operations, consulting, et cetera.
Nathan Peereboom: Gotcha. Okay. Well, Erin, why don't you give me, I mean, I don't do any prep for these meetings. I always like to come in sort of blank slate. Chris and I haven't talked at all. Tell me your story. Where, where are you? Where are you at in your journey? And yeah, give me a little bit more about, like, why this role is exciting to you. And then, and then we'll talk about some other, some other topics I have on my list.
yaran: Okay. All right. Sounds good. So my name is Yara. I'm currently a third year at UChicago. I'm studying business economics and political science. So as I mentioned, I'm really interested in consulting. For the past two summer, my first summer, I did a strategy consulting wrote in a real estate firm. That's where I felt like consulting something that's very interesting. I really like helping clients with their problems. And then I took campus catalysts my second year I saw all your LinkedIn. You're also a TA for that class. When you were here. So that project also made me interested, like strategy role in general, like helping clients solve their problems. So that brought me to my second year internship at a startup. I did a lot of their like operation analyzing their competitive advantage, how to develop new product feature, how can new product feature help them to be more competitive. Also, I worked on some of their sales strategy that were trying to sell to investment banks, government and consulting firms. So I was helping them to think how could they sell better and how could they market and position themselves. And then this past quarter, I also did a consulting project with the club on campus focusing on nonprofit consulting. And since I have some like consortium background, operation background and also some startup background, I thought this would be like a perfect opportunity. I also met you guys at the career fair career in STEM a couple of weeks ago. And I thought it's very interesting to hear what you guys do, how you analyze data to develop or recommend new feature to retain clients after they trial period.
Nathan Peereboom: Gotcha. Okay, cool. S advocate, you wanted to do consulting. Why not go work for a consulting firm?
yaran: Well, I think. I think the hard truth is that I don't think there are higher academic interest so far. Like they're, they're only hiring. Summer internships like logistically. I couldn't really find any consulting role to apply for. But I also think like consulting, like I think the core of it is that they see a lot of business and they try to solve a lot of business problem. And I think the best way to understand how business work is to actually work in a business. Like partially why I chose my internship last summer. Was because the startup was essentially a B2B company. So I thought it would be a great opportunity to learn from both like the business side of like our side, but then also what we're trying to sell to client learn about their businesses. So I feel like at the core of consulting is trying to understand what business do, how they make money, how to manage people, how, how do you develop your product? How do you think about your general competitive strength? And it felt like being in like a business, especially in like a startup will really help. And like, I felt like this role would help me to understand, like I talked to. Chris at the career fair. He mentioned that he did like a lot of project analyzing data to see what make a client stays after their trial period. And I felt like that's something that's really interesting. It's about like analyzing data, saying what works, what, what does like really trying to understand the why got it.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, cool. You are going to school in the age of AI. What is your quote AI harness for getting through school? And what's your philosophy about when to use AI and when not to use AI and how to use it?
yaran: I think my general philosophy is that if I'm preparing for an exam, I will use it. I think they're mainly like maybe two use cases, like one like for school, like preparing for exams. Like for example last quarter I took like operation management and like we have like a lot of multiple choice questions, the final exam. So I just asked Gemini to give me like 50 multiple choice questions that's similar to the practice exam and just practice from there. Feel like it's very helpful in terms of that. And I will say the second use case is in general just like searching for things like I felt like they do like a really good job. Like when you just have a very simple question to ask like for example I went to Mexico City for the past spring break and like I just asked it to give me a list of things that I have to do in Mexico City. I feel like in that case like the search engine is also very powerful. Like it will integrate information from a lot of sources. I do know that like a lot of people talk about how like AI made up data. So like I think Gemini did a great job by like attaching the link to every number like source that it gives. So like you can only trace where the information is coming from. But I like, I would say like thirdly like I also use it to write my email sometimes like just like general very administrative stuff like correcting grammar, writing email. But I would say like those are like the three use cases for B. I would say I use like J more than like other type of AI. Like I mostly use Gemini. So like actually using like coding AI and programming.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, that kind of makes sense. How do you. I guess wait, why though? Like why do you not use Gen AI for, I guess to build things or to write papers or to automate different things in your life. And there's not really a wrong answer here. But I always find it interesting like the level of, I guess life integration people have with AI tools right now.
yaran: Yeah. So use it to write my paper. Like I felt, I think I and I also heard this from my professor yesterday, so I might be just stealing it from him. But I like he said that like one of the main reason people come to U Chicago is to think. And I think the amount of practice you get with, like writing a PayPal on your own is more like intellectually stimulating. I guess that's a very UChicago word to use that like just using AI to help you like brainstorm think about what you're going to write. Like I felt like I really like to do the thinking part. I'm also sending political side. So like I do write a lot of papers. But like I said, like the part of like me actually thinking developing my arguments are quite interesting. I do use AI to correct my grandmother because I'm originally from China, so English is not my native language. I make grammatic mistakes. So I would use AI to see like, are there any grammar mistakes? Are there any sadness that doesn't make sense? And you punctuation. That's not right. So I do use AI in that sense. In terms of buildings things. I felt like I'm not sure like how I would use it. Like I know everyone's talking about Oakland Cloud right now and like how they use it to automate tasks. I felt like I just haven't explored that. Yet.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, that makes sense. Do you feel like your approach to your own education has changed. With AI? Is that is it. Is yet. Do you notice any. Have you made any decisions about where to spend your time, how to spend your time, what types of your brain you want to develop based on. The changes that seem to be coming through our society through this technology. And it's again, it's totally fine if the answer is no, not really. Don't really, you know, like the contrarian take of this is hype and actually this is just software and people are, you know, getting really excited about something that is fundamentally just new software is like a totally fine, fine opinion here. But but yeah curious about how you metabolize in your own education.
yaran: I think it is definitely very exciting. I at least like I've been talking to like some like consultants about this because everyone say that I'll ChatGPT is going to draw the slides from McKinsey in the future that like they're not going to be any consulting anymore doing the work because they would basically generate the idea. I feel like from like what I understand from my experience like AI is a great tool to save you time on mineral task like people use the comparison of like Excel being invented that like it doesn't make the job of accounting disappear just make them do it faster. But I feel like for AI like I think it would save you time on like some very mineral tasks like I said right emails like I want to be polite in all of my emails and Jeb and I could just like change it like very fast. I don't need to waste a lot of time on like like really like thinking about the phrasing of that. I do feel like AI couldn't replace like one thing that's like the human interaction and I felt like in the real world scenario like for a consultant that would be like talking to client really trying to understand the client be there for the client. And I think in like my education journey is just talking to the professor understanding. The course content like going to office hours. I felt like those can't be replaced by me talking to a machine and typing in what is supply chain like like I said like sometimes like that face to face human interaction like when you're talking to a professor that's more valuable. Plus there are so many great professors here at U Chicago. So I felt like, like that part like AI could never be never replace. That kind of interaction.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah okay cool so your view is that like you know something like talking to a professor or talking to a client like you you basically don't think that consulting is going to be consulting or education are going to be significantly disrupted by this technology. They're going to be made more efficient. You're going to see maybe better profit margins in both of those industries. But at the end of the day the model of learning, the model of what you need to learn the model of how you would work with a consulting firm are basically like unchanged.
yaran: Yeah because I felt like the most important thing like all of this or like just even all business is basically relationship like the people that you could connect with like why would a client buy your products instead of another like it could be that it's more efficient is faster but it also could be that like you have a great sales experience with them and like you really like their salesperson they're always there for you if you pick up the phone they will answer it will solve a lot of the problems in your life for you other than just like just what the product provides. So I feel like like that part of like human connection is something that AI can never replace. And also like I felt like even under the age of AI your own judgment is very important. Like AI could give you a lot of stuff but it can't judge for you elect human. Only human can make that kind of judgment like what argument do I want to use? What are you going to do? I not want to use like how do I want to structure it? I felt like only human have that ability to like reasonably think through things and like make that judgment call like, okay, I have heard all of this. This is what I'm going to do. And I feel like that's something that just AI can never replace.
Nathan Peereboom: Why yeah like why could it never replace that? Maybe it shouldn't replace it. Maybe it's not there yet. But like why could it never replace what you're describing?
yaran: Because okay I'll use a funny example last quarter I also took this class as Booth. It's called competitive strategy and in the end we have this class project that is imagine you're developing a new product or future for Apple ecosystem. What would you do? And we have like about 30 teams. You could tell who use AI because half of the team pitch on the exact same idea of creating like Apple healthcare. And it is like friendly generated by ChatGPT because like everyone basically have an exact same idea. I think the problem with AI is that like it will give like repetitive like similar ideas to like everyone like from what I'm not a computer science major. So this my understanding of AI, but like at least like for Jet AI, it's like everyone would get like essentially the same thing to model learn from like every user. So you will kind of feed out the same thing. So it's important for people to judge like if that's like. Something important that like we should develop or like if that's the right thing to do like I just felt like AI will give you a list of things like the example of me going to Mexico City asking what I should do like it would give me a list of things like museums parks restaurants clubs like but like it's ultimately for me to judge which one I should go to. Like personally more interested in like art museum than like archaeological site. So like I will prioritize my time and like do going to the art museum. So I just feel like prioritization or like judgment is not something that AI can do for yourself. And I also I also think that's what would make like candidates competitive in a job market in the future is having that ability to judge because now like everyone can brainstorm have like a list of things but like how do you where do you put them? How do you prioritize them? I felt like that's something like what people would bring like that unique judgment.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah yeah okay. Well, you know I'd love to. Turn the rest of the conversation over to you. What are you curious about on this side? What I mean I know that you've talked with Chris but how can I answer some questions you have about about what we do.
yaran: Yeah. I am wondering why did you found the startup at the first race like what were your initial idea how it is you came about this idea and like why was this like an attractive field for you?
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, so I started this. You know my my mom and dad are both clinicians they take a ton of time on notes. And I think I fundamentally probably don't agree with your view that this is like technology that's limited to efficiency gains like I do think it's a you know the things that you're outlining like uniqueness of answer the ability to kind of have a viewpoint that's not fully generalized. I think a lot of. People and companies are solving that by creating you know customization within all the models. But the fundamental. Idea that the software can be. Can have agency that that it can actually like go and you know make stochastic calls that then are so flexible that they can navigate through a digital world in the same way that a human can that that to me is a massive massive change in the way that software fits into society. And I think that when I saw that I was like okay one of the places that I know this could make a big difference is in. The way that clinicians interact with their electronic health records. It's going to be this is something where clinicians are going to be able to create a lot of customization, a lot of you know there's going to be the ability not just to get the note but to have all your tasks done thereafter and it's going to feel very different to practice medicine in this new world. And so we started the company. I think everyone and their uncle seemed to be starting the exact same company. It's extremely competitive. But it's turned out to be something you know a nice platform that we've been able to grow and grow and grow. And the origin though is some kind of. Synthesis between kind of family experience and macro. Theses on how the technology is developing.
yaran: Got it.
yaran: Yeah definitely like like it does make things like faster. I feel like I know it's like to your point like make it help like physicians do their test. I mean you mentioned that it's very competitive like place. What would you say is like your competitive advantage like versus other firms in this space.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. I think that right now our competitive advantage is probably. The fact that we've created something that is. You know incredibly custom to behavioral health. I think a lot of people are doing what we're doing in general medicine, but we have something like really glove fit for behavioral health and that has made it easier to essentially given us a sales advantage. I mean the sale the idea that people experience our free trials and are like, oh my gosh, this is made exactly for me is something that moves the needle in terms of our ability to sell and distribute. So that is yeah that that's sort of what I would point to.
yaran: In terms of like just designing a product. Are there a lot of difference between like designing it for a general physician versus like a behavioral science? Medicine professional? I don't know like what kind of like feature would like either of them need or like don't need.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, I mean some of it is in the content that the model pays attention to. So like personal narrative is more important or less important in different types of visits with different types of clinicians. Some of it is. Some of the differences are in the degree of robustness around things like scans or the way that you know if you work for a dermatologist you need like a body map if you work for an eye doctor you need something that's like very, very specific. Graphically to the way the eye is set up. The great thing about behavioral health is it's it's really just human narrative. I mean there's other stuff in there. There's some pharmacogenetic testing. There's like a little bit of like pharmacology science, but it's basically right now a field where you talk and people like check things off a list and there's a mixing of. Therapy and medical medicine management that is really unique. Uh there's no other field that really works like it. It's some combination of art and science. But it's mostly art right now. And for that language based LLM are really ideal in parsing routing and making sense of the whole picture.
yaran: Got it. That makes sense. So like I mean like I don't really know like exactly what model it works but like how how do you make sure that like the LLM would take the personal story from a patient and like turning into something that is that like really represent what the person is trying to say or like that maintained that like personal. Experience tone where like they're summarizing all the patients documents.
Nathan Peereboom: Um well it is a medical record. So it doesn't have to, you know, be some sort of first person essay by the patient. We do quote the patient frequently throughout the writing. Um but ultimately like clinicians decide what they want the output to be. So if clinicians want something that feels very narrativey very like, you know entombing of the patient's voice, then they have to ask that of our software. And then it reacts to that request. But most people just want something that is like, hey, here are the medical facts of what happens and here's what we're going to do and that's it. Most people don't want something that's like two long winded on sort of the patient narrative side. So. In general the LLMs are pretty excellent you know whichever one we use are fairly excellent at. Replicating whatever the clinician is asking of the content of the visit. Got it.
yaran: Why don't the clinician just give like whatever their notes are to like I don't know ChatGPT Gemini like like on their own. Why would they go through this platform instead?
Nathan Peereboom: Oh well we record the encounter so they don't have to take notes. But also ChatGPT you know is not. Really retaining all the nuance frequently that we're able to retain. It's not routing that information automatically to different parts of the patient chart. It's not able to like hold longitudinal memory on a patient by patient basis. So there are some advantages to using using JotSite instead of chat GPT or a general model like Gemini.
yaran: Got it. Just to like zoom out like in the bigger picture. I'm curious like have you faced any like challenges any like I don't know maybe it's like founding people management like in this process of starting this like startup. Are there any like very significant challenges that maybe you have faced.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah I think people are the hardest one. Market's been great. I mean developing good product is really hard, but it's downstream of people. Clinicians are very open to like letting us research and participate in the. So yeah, I think people is the hardest. Thing. And you know we've been lucky enough to work with a lot of great folks and we've also you know had challenges where you know you know we get really excited about someone and then they don't meet the bar. And and so part of part of the. Pain I would say spiritually and intellectually of starting a company is that you are continuously like judging people like that's something that is sort of a never ending and you know just a hard thing that you don't have to worry about when you're a junior in an organization. I didn't have to worry about it really at all until I, you know, until I started my own company. And so yeah, that's that's what I would point to as the hardest thing.
yaran: So how does the team like form like right now like where did you find those people?
Nathan Peereboom: You know a lot of them what we're recommended some of our friends of friends.
yaran: We've had a lot of great Metcalf interns.
Nathan Peereboom: So that's definitely like a big source for us. And so yeah, those are the those are the key kind of sources for us. Got it.
yaran: Because I do want to know maybe start my own business in the future like I am in this venture capital club on campus as well like evaluating a lot of other startups. And I felt like entrepreneurship is maybe something I want to do in the future. I don't really have a urgent problem that I want to solve. But like I felt like that's also just why I'm interested in like startup world like startup internship in general. I felt like working very closely with startup would help me understand how to make my own startup successful in the future.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah totally.
yaran: Totally but yeah I think that's all the question I have but thank you so much for your time.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah thank you Yarn appreciate it and you know we will get back to you with with next steps here.
yaran: Okay. All right. Sounds good. Well have a good day.
Nathan Peereboom: Take care bye bye.