Nathan Peereboom: Hey D, how are you?
Dee Bobbitt: Hi, I'm Will, how are you?
Nathan Peereboom: Good, good.
Nathan Peereboom: How's the madness over there?
Dee Bobbitt: One is just stalking merius. He's just following me everywhere. But I am making breakfast. So there he's discombobulated right now. But yes, okay, I am ready.
Nathan Peereboom: Nice to see you again. It's been a little while.
Dee Bobbitt: I know, I know.
Nathan Peereboom: So tell me you're interested in credentialing. Is that right?
Dee Bobbitt: Yes.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, give me the background. Why are you interested in credentialing? Why now? What's important to you here?
Dee Bobbitt: So I. Am. Expanding my practice to New Mexico. And I don't want to go through headway or Alma. I just want to. Like privately build. And so for that, I would need a credentialer just because doing like Medicaid and Medicare is, like, very tedious. And I just don't want to do it. So that is why I'm looking into getting credentials.
Nathan Peereboom: Sure. And you said just in New Mexico.
Dee Bobbitt: So because I'm already with Alma and Headway in Texas and. Washington. Right now, I'm kind of just wanting. To wait on them because I'd have to, like, go back and kind of fight. Like, a lot of people are saying that it's very hard once already credentialed with Headway and Alma. Like terminate that relationship. That's the risk, baby. And so. I mean, Yes, maybe I am going to individually credential. My husband graduates in December and so I'll individually prudential. He'll individually credential. But for me. New Mexico will probably be the easiest right now.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay. Got well, I mean, our credentialing program is pretty simple. It's $350 to kick off and then it's $300 per pair. The way it works is we give you like a dashboard and we just show you every single thing that's happening with those pairs as we credential for you. So it's hyper transparent and we move as fast as we possibly can. So that is, that's the plan. Here's another question. Do you have your website?
Dee Bobbitt: I do, but my website is like something's going on with it. I didn't realize it till yesterday. I went to try to go get on it to see something and it said, like my website was down. Not sure why I know a guy who's like a website guy. And so he said he'd take a look at it for me today.
Nathan Peereboom: Do you like your website?
Dee Bobbitt: Okay. I don't think it's the best website, but I also don't think it's the worst one. So I'm kind of just indifferent.
Nathan Peereboom: Well, if you decide to do credentialing with us, we're doing this promotion just this week. Where we will build you a new website for free. And if you choose to use it, if you choose not to use it, obviously no harm, no foul. If you decide you want it and you want to like host it on your own and, you know, run it yourself, you can do that. And we don't charge for that.
Nathan Peereboom: And if you want us to maintain it, it's $50 a month. But building the website is free just for this week as a promotion for our credentialing if you would like to get started with that.
Dee Bobbitt: Okay. And then, sorry. You said. It's 350 to start off. Is that brought down by the. So is it like how many, every different insurance company is 350?
Nathan Peereboom: No, no, no, no. So it's 350 for us to do document verification and intake. And then it's $300 per payer until you get to 10 and then at 10, we drop the, you know, the startup fee and the per the per cost goes down to 250.
Dee Bobbitt: Okay. Okay. And then do you guys charge extra for like medicated Medicare or Zach still?
Nathan Peereboom: It's all normal.
Dee Bobbitt: Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: Am I remembering it correctly too that you were interested in us doing a jot bill analysis? Is that right? Yes. Do you still want us to do that?
Dee Bobbitt: I would just send you by what was that consisting of what did, what would I do?
Nathan Peereboom: All we needed was the login to your EHR or wherever you do billing. And basically what we do is we do an analysis that shows you. What you're billing. Where you're losing money. Where money is lagging and what we recommend you change about your billing in order to improve it.
Dee Bobbitt: Okay. I think right now actually it would be because I'm not independently building like billing and I'm not independently credentialed. I don't know if that would be that beneficial for me right now. Yeah, that's totally fine. But okay.
Nathan Peereboom: But yeah, I mean, I think that the way you should think about this D is, you know, if you want to start your own like billing privately and doing your own practice, like we have kind of a practice in a box for you build your website, we'll get you credentialed. We can even do billing for you afterwards if you should like that. But for right now, if you wanted to kick off like we would be super, super excited to at least get you another version of a website and like get you credentialed.
Dee Bobbitt: Okay, let me. Well, also I still have to get my, I just realized that I didn't have my business license in New Mexico yet. So I know with a lot of payers, they want to see that. So that's one thing I'll have to start working on as well. Today. And then I also am still in the process of getting my DEA in New Mexico.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay.
Dee Bobbitt: Yeah. There's a couple of things I'm still working on. And then I'm also still waiting to hear back because I do want it to be like a practice in a box. I'm also still waiting to hear back from the e-prescribe. Because they, they couldn't add a collaborator.
Nathan Peereboom: Oh, that's right.
Dee Bobbitt: Okay. So I'm still waiting to hear back from that. Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay. Yeah, I can chase that down for you. But yeah, super helpful.
Dee Bobbitt: Okay. Well, just let me once I have all my other things together. Like my DEA and stuff. I think it'll be easier to decide.
Nathan Peereboom: Totally.
Dee Bobbitt: But yeah, so I don't wanna, I wanna independently practice in New Mexico.
Nathan Peereboom: So totally. Why don't. Why don't we get some time on for maybe like two weeks from now when some of that other paperwork has come through and just touch base again? How does that sound?
Dee Bobbitt: Yeah, that's great.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, awesome. How does. How does two 30 Monday the sixth sound to you? That's Eastern time.
Dee Bobbitt: Starving children here.
Nathan Peereboom: No, that's totally fine.
Dee Bobbitt: All right, so where's my. Phone? So you said April 6 that too 30 Eastern 130 Central. Sorry, I just gotta check on my calendar at TCH. Okay, yeah, I'm off April 6 that's perfect.
Nathan Peereboom: Perfect. Okay, great. I'm gonna send you an invite. And we can. We can, we can start then.
Dee Bobbitt: Okay, perfect. Thank you.
Nathan Peereboom: Perfect. All right. Thanks D oh and also if you do decide that you at least want us to build your website for you this week, just remember that that's free for this week for you if you decide to do credentialing with us.
Dee Bobbitt: Okay, thank you so much.
Nathan Peereboom: All right, take care.
Dee Bobbitt: Bye bye. Bye bye. Yes, hold on. How many pancakes are there?