Adam Harrison: Hi, susan.
susan.buffone: Hi, adam. How are you?
Adam Harrison: I am doing well. How are you?
susan.buffone: I'm good. Thank you for asking.
Adam Harrison: Good. How was your Friday going?
susan.buffone: Oh, good. So far. Glad it's Friday.
Adam Harrison: Glad it's Friday.
susan.buffone: Yes.
Adam Harrison: And are you in new york?
susan.buffone: I am, yes. Okay.
Adam Harrison: Yeah. I am also in New York, and we are slowly but surely getting melted out from.
susan.buffone: Oh, yeah, I know. I keep hearing, though, possibility more snow on Sunday. I'm like, oh, man, please, no more.
Adam Harrison: I have not heard that.
susan.buffone: Yeah, there's a possibility. I don't. I think it's back and forth. If it's supposed to just be just like an inch or two or more, but. Yeah. It's been a lot of snow lately.
Adam Harrison: Been a lot of snow? Yes, been a lot, for sure. Hopefully just like an inch or two would be fine, but, oh, definitely. Well, awesome. Well, thanks so much. For grabbing some time, and thank you for kind of applying to our role here at job site. Yeah, this will be, like, a pretty casual conversation, more of just sort of, like, get in to know each other a little bit and, you know, we can talk through. Talk through, like, what the next steps would be. Should it be, like, a good fit. But, yeah, I can kind of start. I'll just share maybe a little. Background on myself and kind of on job site and the role.
susan.buffone: Ok.
Adam Harrison: And then would love to kind of learn more about you and your background and we can kind of like, take things from there.
susan.buffone: Okay, Definitely.
Adam Harrison: Awesome. Well, yeah. So to start, I'll give a little background on jot Psych, so. We. We started about two years ago or so, maybe three by now. And we started out as an AI scribe for primarily psychiatry. So most. So we do have therapists, psychologists, you know, social workers, mostly psychologists, psychiatrists. Okay. And psychiatric nurse practitioners. And so what Jotsig does, you know, I'm not sure if you're familiar with these, like, ambient scribes, but, you know, it kind of records the session, and then for the clinician, And so help save a lot of time that they spend documenting things.
Adam Harrison: As well as make sure that, you know, they're, like, capturing all the right information. And, you know, it's sort of like, Ready, you know, should you get audited or something like that, you know, contains all the information that would be needed.
susan.buffone: Right.
Adam Harrison: So that's how we started. We've since added a bunch of other, like, features on top of that. And what we are kind of in the process of building now is actually the RCM workflow on top of that. So basically how it works is as a clinician, I finish my session, job site gets me a note. I sign the jot site note and then from there. It'll automatically, like, draft a claim. That based on, like, the note. Based on, like, the insurance info from the patient and everything else, it'll automatically draft a claim that, you know, we will kind of, like, have. Our AI Will recommend some codes the clinician can override or, like, our billing team could override. Like, hey, this seems like a 99214 or 99213 or like, oh, these are the icd codes that you may want to consider for the. And then it goes to basically, like, a claim. Queue that would be like, reviewed by our billing team. And then we'd have folks who are kind of like reviewing that and submitting those claims and doing the follow up and all the other, all the other stuff there. So, yeah, we also have built like the other side of RCM as well. You know, eligibility and you know, intake forms for patients and what else? Like, patient payments. That's all kind of bundled in as well.
susan.buffone: Ok.
Adam Harrison: But, yeah, really, we are kind of like in the early days.
susan.buffone: Got it. Ok.
Adam Harrison: Product and onboarding, a number of, like, providers. We're looking for folks who are, you know, kind of experienced billers. And RCM kind of specialists. Help, kind of like, you know, chart our path on this journey, so to speak.
susan.buffone: Got it.
Adam Harrison: So my role, you know. I'm working pretty closely with our two founders on, like, kind of standing up this whole product line and service line, so. Oh, you know what? Should. You know, how should we actually design this in a way that. So a biller has a great experience, like using this product. Right. Or. Or what are the things we need to do to be able to, like, follow up with claims more efficiently? Right, right. All those things. I will be sort of, like, helping to quarterback or even. Like onboarding a provider. Right.
susan.buffone: How do we operate provider?
Adam Harrison: Okay. Get all their payer docs and all their like credentialing info and get them started as soon as possible. So.
susan.buffone: Okay.
Adam Harrison: So yeah, that's kind of the background just on jots, like the role. I know that was a lot. So we can definitely talk through all the questions you have, but any initial questions that you had just on what I shared so far?
susan.buffone: Yeah. No. So the only thing is, is so you would have. You're looking for a coder, and then you have the Biller also. So you'd have a code or Anna Biller. Or would this position be a combined position?
Adam Harrison: Yeah, we. It's a great question. So we are kind of looking across both. So we are looking for folks who either do one, the other or both.
susan.buffone: Or both. Okay. Okay.
Adam Harrison: And then we are also looking for folks, ideally, who. You know, understand the full kind of RCM cycle just because that will be like, you know, everything is connected. Right. Like, right.
susan.buffone: Yeah.
Adam Harrison: Oh, it's up. Maybe something with eligibility went wrong. You know, trying to have folks who really know the big picture.
susan.buffone: Right.
susan.buffone: Know the steps that are supposed to be.
Adam Harrison: Yeah. Yeah. So, yes, that we are kind of a bit. Okay.
susan.buffone: I've definitely done all. I mean, I actually started when I started in the field. I was a Medicaid specialist. Did that for a few years. They at that company started having me also trained to batch claims. I've also worked Medicare denials. Also. I mean, I've helped in the mail room. Like, they've kind of just thrown me everywhere to help, just wherever it's needed. And then once I got certified as a coder, I started coding. We coded for urgent care doctors, so we had multiple urgent cares throughout New York and a few in Jersey. That we were responsible for, and so I did do coding for them. After almost 12 years with that company, they decide to outsource. And everyone lost their jobs. Not this job at the hospital where I'm at now.
susan.buffone: Been there for eight years. I thankfully was given the opportunity to learn psych and code for psych. So that's where my psych experience started and. I code for? Do their. You know, for their psychologists. I do psychotherapy. We also. They're inpatient claims. Outpatient claims. Ed claims. I'm responsible for all those, for the psych in the hospital. I also still currently code urgent care. I've learned primary care, so I've. I've been thrown around all over. We do have a quota. My last company, our quota was. Two charts a minute. And we coded from complete. Scratch this company. Yeah, complete Scratch this company. We work through epic. The doctors select the charge. They'll put whatever diagnosis they think you know is linked to what they document, and I'm responsible for correcting it. Adding, you know, sometimes they'll put one diagnosis. I look at the note. No. Oh, they have this, this, this. I start adding all of those diagnosis.
susan.buffone: Make sure they selected the appropriate claim. I have to reach out. If they say they pick, you know, for us, like a psychotherapy, and they put 90834. But the new only states, you know, 36 minutes, then I am like, no, you got, you know, so I'm also responsible to reach out to providers. I used to have when I worked in house in the hospital. We would have to have meetings with the doctors and I would have to, you know, create. Like something in the meetings, you know, tip sheet, Something to help the doctors, make it easier. So I've done a lot in the field.
susan.buffone: And from across the board, from, like I said, starting from the eligibility portion of it, to denials, to coding, So that's pretty much, you know, my experience, which I've been since. Oh, gosh, since early 20, like, I think 22 years old when I got into it, so it's been a long.
Adam Harrison: Yeah. It's evolving, right?
susan.buffone: Oh, yes, yes. And now, you know, actually, you know, even with, like, AI now, they did put something in the system where we have to kind of help AI to make it easier to speed up the process so that we can code quicker and so that, you know, we've also done. We have to stay at a 95% and higher. We get audited every quarter. So you know, it's between reaching a quota. We have our quota. Our. And being sure we're accurate in our coding, which, you know, I mean, I haven't had a problem with.
susan.buffone: Those are pretty much, you know, that sums it up with me. I mean, I do still work full time. I plan on still working full time with my hospital, you know, because I do get wonderful, wonderful benefits. But we were working a ton of overtime. And when they took the overtime away because we lost the hospital, us, we all lost our overtime, which basically, that's a big chunk of money that I lost.
susan.buffone: And, you know, so I have been looking for a second job to, you know, to work in the evenings, to work weekends. Just to, you know. When I was looking. I mean, I do love psych. I absolutely love coding for psych. I just. I've always had an interest in it.
susan.buffone: So when I saw this on aapc, I was like, oh, this is perfect. You know, it's part time. It's everything I'm looking for. And I. Don't know. Were you guys open with the hours or did.
Adam Harrison: Yeah.
susan.buffone: With hours. Okay.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, we're flexible. I think we view this as more of like a part time. Got it. And could be very flexible. So, yeah, we could scale it up or down.
susan.buffone: Okay. Okay. And is it like, what, up to 20 yards? It's guaranteed 20 hours. Up to 20 or it depends on the workflow. Or how does work?
Adam Harrison: Yeah, we would probably just have to have a discussion about, like, what you're looking for. And so it's. It's not. Not any. Like, it's not too strictly defined at this point, so pretty small company. We're happy to, like, be flexible and kind of work with. People. And based on what you're looking for, try to, like, find the best mutual arrangement. Yeah, Perfect.
susan.buffone: Okay. And do you guys have, like, a quota, like I said? Like how I mentioned my current job, my last job with, you know, there. There is that quota. Is there that expectation to code this many per hour or that? Hasn't been like.
Adam Harrison: No, we haven't formalized quota, I think. Yeah, that's not something we really plan on. I think. You know, we are more focused on, like, You know, if there was an. If there was a problem or things were really, you know, things. Things were like, not moving along, then we would probably, like, have a discussion about it, but you probably won't be tracking at that level of by the minute.
susan.buffone: I mean, it doesn't bother me. I mean, I've never had an issue reaching my quota, but I just like, you know, it's things I like to ask just to make sure what is expected of me per hour type of thing, you know, it's something, you know, that I think is important to. Know if there was a specific amount that is expected.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, we haven't quite defined that yet, so it's. Yeah. We're. We're not. We don't have that right.
susan.buffone: I know. Yeah. It's still early stages. I understand.
Adam Harrison: Okay. Yeah. I would love to know a little bit more. It sounds like you've worked across a lot of different specialties. Can you fill me in a little more about, like, your behavioral. Health experience and what that has looked like in terms of like, inpatient, outpatient, you know, therapy, social workers, psychologists, psychiatrists.
susan.buffone: Yep. All of that.
Adam Harrison: Yeah. Yeah. What's kind of the mix spend for you across all those different dimensions?
susan.buffone: Oh, I mean. It's. To me. I mean, it's. Everything is. I mean, I still do everything the same way. When it's coding, it's just obviously the codes are different, but I still handle everything the same way and.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, I just meant, like, maybe, like, inpatient versus outpatient. What has been your. Like, what percent would you say of your work has been, like, impatient versus outpatient?
susan.buffone: So why have So I have two different work queues. I do get more inpatient. My work queue for my inpatient is higher because those are the patients that are admitted and the doctors are doing their roundings. But then I also have in my outpatient. We have a social worker. We have a psychologist and then the rest are all psychiatrists. So I have to do, you know, the medication management. Some of the provides you the medication management with the psychotherapy and then some strictly just do psychotherapy, which is, you know, the psychologists. And the social worker. Other than that. Those, you know, that's. And we do. We are actually also a teaching hospital. So I code for residents. So we have to look at the residents know, match it up with the doctors attestation. So I. I'm going to kind of just. It's all like, we've. We've done it all. Because in the hospital. Yeah. We have an outpatient. Area for all the. Clients that are just there for their therapy and their medication management. And then the patients that go to the hospital to get admitted or be seen in the ED for whatever the case is, like, you know, suicidal ideation or, you know, anything that they need to come. They're psychotic and are coming in. So.
Adam Harrison: And in terms of, like, the coding versus the billing, at least in your current role, it seems like you're focused on the. The coding side, correct?
susan.buffone: Currently, yes. Because in the hospital, We have a different team that handles the billing, the eligibility. But we as the coders, when we get when there's a coding denial, then the AR specialist puts it in this specific area for the coders. And every day we have to check and let them know if say something that went out the door without being looked at by the coder first and say something needs to get changed because it got denied. I have to look at it, look at the note like, oh, this got denied because of this. I have to let them know how to correct it. Okay. We are not allowed to correct it just because they have the billers do it, but we have to instruct them how to correct it. But that's just how we do it here. At my last company, I handled billing. I was able to do the billing and the denials because that's how I started off.
Adam Harrison: Got it. Okay. And then at your last company. Where was that? I'm sorry.
susan.buffone: I'm pulling Advanced Health Partners.
Adam Harrison: Let me look at your.
susan.buffone: It was right before.
Adam Harrison: Oh, yeah.
susan.buffone: Tell partners. I briefly did work at West Point. Per diem. It was just a few. Just. Just a couple months. In the evening shift. I had done some coding for that hospital. Other than that, my main coding is my last company and this company, which combined the two. You know, it's like almost 20 years, basically, of the two years. I mean, the two companies.
Adam Harrison: Okay, so an advanced health. Were you doing more of the coding or you were doing billing or both?
susan.buffone: I. The first. I would say maybe four years. Might have been the Medicare Medicaid batching claims. And then after that is when they started incorporating the coding once I because that company actually. Paid for us to get certified if we wanted to. So I got certified as a coder through that company, and then that's when I switched over. If you pass a test, then they would give you a position as a coder. And then that's when I merged into as a coder.
Adam Harrison: Okay, that makes sense.
susan.buffone: Very cool.
Adam Harrison: And then I guess in terms of, like. Because there's probably different ways we could structure this, I could see. A version of this where, like, You're more focused on the coding stuff because, like, for example, Our AI system is going to recommend a code.
susan.buffone: Right? Ok.
Adam Harrison: That code may or may not be the actual correct code based on, like, you're someone who has decades of, like, experience and pattern recognition around that. And so I could see a role where you are more focused on, like, hey, Susan is the expert on, like, coding. And you're going to get that really, like, that's going to be what we focus on when we work with her. There's another version of this that's probably like, you know, we have. We have a few. A few, like, smaller kind of outpatient psychiatric practices, and it's. It's more like Susan is kind of like. Doing the coding, but then also working the claims and. And. And, like, following up with the provider if, like, things missing and, like.
susan.buffone: Right.
Adam Harrison: Oh, definitely. Yeah. Patient payments. So I guess. You know, there's, like, multiple ways we could kind of structure this. So I'm just curious, like, if one of those is more or less interesting to you or, like, something that you have, like, a preference for or. Or you feel like you are, like, have more, like, strengths in one area versus another. So either we are. Yeah, I.
susan.buffone: I do have, I would say more strength in coding just because that is more years of. But like I said, I know how to do. All. I just never posted payments. That would be like, the only thing I've never done in the field is post the payment. But denials, all of that I'm used to. Yeah. So, I mean, I do. If, if you're going to go based on my strength, I would say coding, because obviously that's where, you know, I mean. I mean, I. Do on a daily basis is look at charts. Correct. If the doctor is missing something. Send it back to them before I code it out. Because obviously, once it's coded out, it's under my name. That's my certification. So, you know, it is very important as the coder to make sure the documentation is. Correct before submitting it. Yeah.
Adam Harrison: And in terms of, like, the coder, just to make sure I'm clear on, like, what the codes include. So it's cpt codes, obviously, right?
susan.buffone: Correct.
Adam Harrison: Icd. Icd 10. Are there. Is there anything else that is sort of included in that? Like, I guess, if you need a modifier or not.
susan.buffone: Yeah, it was a modifier. Oh, yeah. Which I am. Because I actually, we do have modifiers when it's what with residents and like Medicare. Medicare needs a GC if it's a resident, being at that as a teaching hospital.
susan.buffone: So I have to look at that. Make sure if it's telehealth, which we do. Telehealth also. They want a 95 modifier or an FQ if it's telephone, and that's if they don't accept if that insurance does not accept the new telehealth code. Some insurances want it, some don't. Medicare does not want it. So then I would code it as a level. And add either a 95 modifier or an FQ modifier, determining if it's video or telephone. And then also correcting the place of service. I'm responsible to correct all of that before I submit it. So if the patient is. In the right, you know, at home, that's a place of service 10. If it doesn't state their home, that's a place of service, too. So I have to pay attention to everything before I submit the claim? Yeah.
Adam Harrison: Great, great. Wanted to. Also, I had a. These are kind of, like, questions that a provider was asking me this morning.
Adam Harrison: So I'll ask you as well. Just sort of, like, coding question A few.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, so a 90792.
susan.buffone: Ok, so the intake.
Adam Harrison: The intake. Yeah, so? This provider was saying. We were having a conversation about whether there's a time requirement for that code.
susan.buffone: The only difference is so 9791. Psychologists. Psychologists cannot code for the 92. That is strictly medication management. That has to be a psychiatrist for the 900-792-NO- TIME is needed. You know, they just have to make sure they document everything. You know, in full detail. Why, you know, the patient needs, you know, are they coming in for therapy or are they coming in for medication management or both? Make sure they fully document all of that.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, yeah, yeah. I think that that was my understanding as well. So I think that sounds like she was maybe misinformed there. But another question she had. So she's a. She's a psychiatric nurse practitioner, so she does, like, prescribe. So one question that she had is about when to do a 90792. Which is what we were just discussing. This is a 99204.
susan.buffone: So what? If they are doing an intake and continuing care, then that first visit is 90792. They wouldn't do the 99204. To me. Which how we always do it here at my hospital, the intake is always the first visit.
susan.buffone: The 90792 or 90791. If it's, you know, psychologists, those are always the initial.
Adam Harrison: Intake.
Adam Harrison: And then the 99204. When would that be used? I'm not actually as, like, familiar with that code.
susan.buffone: Yeah, so that's more for, like, new patients, if. They? So I don't really use 99204. In the outpatient area just because I do use the 9791 or 99792. When I would use a 99204. It's like when they are in the say they go to the hospital. And they're a new patient. Never been seen in outpatient or was never admitted. Then I could use the 99 like 204. But not for just regular outpatient. I would not use that. I would go more for the 990-791-090792. And then after that, then it switches over to the established codes, either, you know, 99-212-99215, depending on. What's documented and what's needed.
Adam Harrison: Okay?
susan.buffone: Yeah.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, that makes sense to me. Cool. Let's maybe flip gears a little bit. And just because we're almost at time. So you had asked about hours. Talk a little bit more, like, in your ideal world, like, what would be the sort of, like, hourly kind of structure that you would want?
susan.buffone: I work. I currently work 8 to 4:30. At my job. So there are just like. I mean, like, certain days, like on every other Wednesday, I have to take my son to tutoring. So I would be able to start after tutoring. Like, everything would mainly be like, after 4:30. Like, I would say, like 5, 30. 5 or 5:30 probably as the start time. Maybe six. Or like when I take my son a tutoring.
susan.buffone: I won't return home until 6:30 just because I'm a single mom and his father split up, so I'm, you know, that's when he's with me, I'm responsible to, you know, take him to his tutoring sessions. I mean, I'm open, I'm flexible for. Weekends, Saturday, Sundays.
Adam Harrison: Is there, like, a number of hours per week that would be, like, ideal for you or a range that preferable?
susan.buffone: I mean, I would say up to 20 hours if, you know. I mean, if you guys only have enough work for 10 hours, I'm good with 10 if it, you know, I mean, I'm pretty. Flexible with the amount of hours. I mean, I was working sometimes, you know, an extra 10 hours or so every week and overtime on a weekly basis. And that was for a couple years straight every week to in overtime. So it doesn't bother me, you know, I mean, working the extra hours is something I want and it's just what you guys have available is, you know, I mean, I'm fine if you only have enough for 10 hours, I'm fine with that. And if you need for 20, I'm also fine with that.
Adam Harrison: Okay, great. And then is there, like, a compensation range that you're targeting for, like, your hourly kind of rate?
susan.buffone: So I currently. I mean, obviously, I don't expect, like, what I make at my current job, but my current job. I'm.
susan.buffone: At 39, but I would be fine, you know, I mean, if for, like, $30, like, whatever. I'm not really, like, that picky, to be honest with. It's whatever, you know, I'm. I'm open to what? You know, being that you guys are a startup. You are capable of doing. I'm not going to say I expect a certain amount, so it's a second job. I'm not going to be picky.
Adam Harrison: Okay. Yeah, we are kind of, like, calibrating our ranges, too. We'll definitely, like, come back to you there, but I'm sure we. Can make something, like, work in that range. Yeah, this was. This was a great conversation. I think, just in terms of, like, our side, we are kind of still, as you can probably tell, like, getting our ducks in a row here and getting organized. So. But I, you know, we'll come back to you with kind of, like. An update when we have one, but no problem. We are still, like, kind of getting processes and, you know, priorities set up.
Adam Harrison: So it may take a little time for me to come back, but we're interested, and I think you have, like, great, relevant experience, so we just want to make sure there's, like, a process. In place by the time you start. So that there is, like, some structure.
susan.buffone: Right? Right. Actually, I guess one thing I do want to ask is, are you guys fine with me using my own equipment or. I know some companies want to send. I mean, I have a brand new laptop that I work off of. I have. That's what I currently work off of at home. Like, you guys are fine with me using my equipment or you guys have. Okay, okay. I know some companies want to send all of that. And, I mean, I just figure I'll let Tracy know. I have a brand new laptop. I have to have a security program on it to protect anything, just in case. Okay.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, yeah, that. That works totally fine.
Adam Harrison: We're not as you can tell.
susan.buffone: Yes. Okay.
Adam Harrison: All right. Well, thank you, Susan.
susan.buffone: Great to meet you.
Adam Harrison: Stay warm and enjoy the weekend.
susan.buffone: You too. Thank you so much. Take care.
Adam Harrison: Take care. Bye.
susan.buffone: Take care. Bye. Bye.