Christopher Hume: Hey, Kayla. Sorry.
kaylaroberts: And this is what they imported, so these ones are yours. Okay, thank you. Hello? Oh, there it is.
Emily Kaiser: Hi.
kaylaroberts: Are you. We're on.
Christopher Hume: Are we on mute still?
kaylaroberts: Nope. You're not. Just kidding. But we can't, because I have to actually turn. Turn it up, actually.
Nathan Peereboom: Are we on the line with some Florida gators? I saw Florida gator right there.
Nathan Peereboom: Are you all in Florida?
kaylaroberts: Hello? Test this out.
kaylaroberts: You guys hear me? I cannot hear them. One sec. Cannot hear them all, but I hear the. Yeah, this is. My volume is on. On all my speakers. Let's see.
kaylaroberts: Testing, 1, 2, 3. Cannot hear them at all. Are they all muted? Are you guys all muted? Is that why I can't hear you?
Christopher Hume: We can hear you.
kaylaroberts: No, it's like we have to do this mime thing. One second. Oh, no, not m. Lip reading. No, no, no. I don't understand much sign language either. So let's see. I don't know. Let me. Let me troubleshoot this real quick. I. I use this for telehealth today, and I'm trying to figure out why the volume is working now. And you were logged on to the telehealth when I tried to switch you over, because that could have been it. I have the wrong speakers. When you do the sound, we're in. What? Oh, wait. Go back to where you just worked. One moment, guys. I apologize. Okay. Well, it says go to your sound right there in the middle in the white. If you press the arrow next to the microphone, it allows you to. But yeah, we did that. I thought earlier. So he's. Okay, so he said, come back down here.
Nathan Peereboom: Here.
kaylaroberts: Yeah, because you're using your microphone with your camera. So he's. Click that one. Because he told us what to try to do. Okay. Oh, just kidding. Here it is. If you press the arrow next to the microphone. Allows you to select the microphone, I don't think. Oh, that one. Yeah, but it could be that one, though. Testing, testing. Well, they can hear us because they know that we're having problems. Like telling them to speak, you know, as well. But no, it's not. Well, okay, so we are going to cancel out and then rejoin.
Christopher Hume: Emily, is that a different angle of your house?
Emily Kaiser: No, this is. My parents are in an apartment building like a town over and this is their community social room. Whatever you want to call it. I wish.
Christopher Hume: Very, very nice. Community social room. I was like, dang, I can't believe you've been hiding your house this whole time.
Emily Kaiser: That's awesome.
Emily Kaiser: Yeah, we have windows, exit signs in my house.
Christopher Hume: That's a good point. Or the fire alarm thing.
Kayla Roberts: Oh, there it is. Y again. That's why for whatever reason. Hello, I'm Kayla Roberts. This is Jennifer Windsor. She's in charge of our billing and everything and many job site for a while now just as a sole provider. And I got a. A co worker that she's in with a. Some patients are already sheeping here, but she also uses the outside as well. So I guess we're trying to. This is the information gathering meeting. Y' all can just take it away to kind of give us an idea about what kind of ehr. Y' all have and. And. Etc. Pricing and growth from there.
Christopher Hume: Awesome.
Nathan Peereboom: Well, first of all, it's great to meet you.
Kayla Roberts: Do I see that you're Florida Gators?
Nathan Peereboom: Is that. Is that a Florida Gators jacket? Chomp. Chomp, right. I. I went to my first Florida Gators game like a year and a half ago and I have permanent ear damage from it. I was like. Right. It was so loud.
Kayla Roberts: Yes, you do.
Nathan Peereboom: Oh my gosh. It was so fun though. Gainesville is a really cool place. So my name is Nate. I'm the CEO and co founder of Jobs. Like, it's great to meet both of you.
Nathan Peereboom: Look, this is your time. You know, we're here to answer questions, show you what we've got, you know, and just give you all the information you need to make whatever decision you decide to make. I know that you've talked with Chris. I know you've talked with Emily. Do you mind just giving me a little briefing online? Pardon me.
Kayla Roberts: By the way, they're both amazing. I wouldn't let them go if I were you.
Nathan Peereboom: Oh no, trust me. They are our prisoners. We're never letting either of them go.
Kayla Roberts: Chris is in right there.
Nathan Peereboom: I don't know if you can see them. So. Yeah, I am very grateful for both. Tell me about your world. So how large is your clinic? What kind of clients do you all see? And why are you considering our billing suite?
Kayla Roberts: Okay, so we have eight mental health providers. Three are nurse practitioners and five are therapists. And then we have one chiropractor who does charts. On all of her patients, but she doesn't. She's more cash pay. She probably has maybe five that she bills insurance. And I know that was one of the questions that Chris and I were kind of going back and forth on, but it just kind of depends on if we sign up and then when we sign up and blah blah blah for the cost on that. Other than that we brought billing in house December of 24 and I get to do that. I know that the phone call that I originally took with Emily was more about the JOT bill and the JOT audit and I do think those are great services. But I know that just from past experience nothing about DOT site but someone that you have in house billing for you is almost always a little more. Making sure the money's coming in versus someone you don't ever actually see. And again, nothing against, you know, job like but just in general. So I think as of right now we'd like to leave that part in house even without the audit part that you guys offer with the billing. Other than that there's so much already that the nurse practitioners do through Jotsych and just what little bit that they've shown me that we've worked through. It seems like it would be beneficial. Like we are looking to move to an ehr, but we've been looking at it for two years now, so. Well, but using this program from the stone age for a while now that I joined here, I just had how to be grandfathered into it and it, you know, it's like from early, like like maybe 2010 or something, you know. But you know, the person that the, the main owner, you know, that's what he's been comfortable with. So you know, but I don't like the. It doesn't really afford the use of AI or anything like. Like that things have to be licensed through third parties. A lot of us different services except for AI, go figure for that. But I like job site what it offers and I like the buildable templates and the new features of building up the forms everything I like which kind of takes from notes you have done with the patient and feeds into information if you don't like it and change it. But I like, I like that I can kind of build things the way I, I like them. I still want the ability to if we can dictate when the note is already dictated, like add on. I would love that again but I'll hold my peace on that one as well. But I have about. They also ask how big. Right. Because you're asking as well as well. Well, I could say probably. I think estimate the psychiatric patients for med management probably are going to be about 4 to 5, maybe 4 to 500. Counseling. I know it's probably. I gotta guess for it's how many. How many therapists? I'm sorry. So we have eight therapists. So we have eight total because she's got Chuck and then Adrian and Robin. No, five. Five. That gives me five. We're working on eight, but only five. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. So about, let's say two to three. Two to 300,000 patients. I'm being just, you know, I'm being kind with that as well. 400 other patients, so we'll say. So I'm gonna say between seven, seven to 800, max. But probably 700. Probably to, you know, more like that number, probably including everything you know as well. So there's your answer to your question with that.
Nathan Peereboom: Very cool. When you guys think about an EHR, it's really important to you because there are other EHRs out there. You have been sort of searching for two years what's. What's been attractive, what's been unattractive.
Kayla Roberts: I know that we've looked at a couple of different ones. I know for me, I called, like, Athena because it's something that I've worked out of, but it's extremely expensive, and I think that it actually has more features than what we need anyways. But you can't opt out of any of it. I think when we were looking at what was the deal with the E Clinicals or the. Whatever that was that y' all were. For Genesis. Y' all were looking at Genesis. But something happened and it didn't work out. And it was. I think it was. Well, cost was a feature there. It wasn't as bad, but I don't know. I don't know. They didn't have AI or, you know, just kind of had to add that on from another service or. Or, you know, copy and paste. You know what I mean? If you will. I mean, that's. We all have had that for a long time. I mean, from the beginning and then. Which has been great, you know, too. You can just copy and paste to any ehr, but to have your own and not have to avoid that extra step, that would be nice as well as. Well, someone who has, you know, ADHD as well. We don't like extra steps. We don't like. No, I like luscious, you know, do the encounter, you know. Right. And maybe a little double check. It is a good sign off. Boom, it's done. And then if it can be filmed, great. Even better, you know, Right? But yeah, yeah, definitely. Having the. Having all of it in one is what I know that I'm looking for. But I also know that even with. 700 patients. We're still a small clinic. The. I mean, the therapists, like. Like our Aetna contract, for example, I mean, if we only get $70 from an Aetna patient and, you know, 50 of it automatically goes towards the provider, depending on how many we have, that's leaving us with $20 a patient, that's an hour. A patient, you're only talking about eight hours a day. If you had a day full of Aetna patients, you're only talking about $100. So at the end of that one day to try and do anything with. On top of all the overhead. So I do know that cost is a component, but with the number of patients that are nurse practitioners are seeing, they need that AI. So I know how important that is. I also know how tedious it is to do your AI and then have to copy and paste it, because even though there are templates and things like that, there's still a little bit of editing that has to be done when it moves over just to make sure that it's the same font and the same size. And we didn't accidentally spell spelling. Well, that's the AI getting it. But you can't always speak clearly enough for it, but you can fix. So, you know, being able to keep everything just there and not have to do that, but then also being sure that we. If we can bill out of it. So that's great. You've got. You can do your note in it. There's notes in it. Yay. It's got a scheduler. Yay. But I can't bill out of it. So now I'm having. Now I'm having to copy and paste, which means the front desk is having to use print systems to see what does someone owe versus someone checking in. So I don't want to have to use systems anywhere if we can help it.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, great. Incredibly helpful. Now I know.
Nathan Peereboom: Kayla, you've used JOT Psych. It sounds like Jennifer, have you used JOT Psych? Have you been in the software?
Kayla Roberts: Not that you heard me say this, because I will lie later. Are we being recorded?
Nathan Peereboom: We are, but I won't. Don't worry.
Kayla Roberts: Do I need to get a lawyer present for this? Never have I ever logged into JOT site under anyone else's username or password. Never have I ever. She has, okay, in it. I gave her permission to look around under. Under. Under me. Totally fine.
Nathan Peereboom: You know, this might shock you guys, but you're not the only of our customers sharing login.
Kayla Roberts: She wanted to check it out. Okay, Very cool. I'm not going to jail for nobody. Orange is not my color.
Nathan Peereboom: Orange is not my color.
Kayla Roberts: So I do. So I have navigated around through the JOT site system and I do like the ease of the navigation. I like the fact that there are multiple ways to get to the same place. I like that all of the little words are at the top where if I'm here and I want to be here, I don't have to, like, back out. I can just flip there and then bam, here I am. I think the only like, for me personally, I like to have two screens open because I also have some severe adhd and if I'm not doing at least three things, I'm failing at something. So I don't know if you can be logged in twice or not. Kayla's saying, yes, that's great. I have multiple screens a lot because I like to look at past encounters and go back and forth and look. So that'd be something, you know, if you could open up like you're in a note. If you're in a encounter, it's recording live, right? And if you can access a tab to view, well, you can see the last note there. It'll pop up, right? But what if I want to see the last two notes or whatever, you know, if there's a tab off the side where I can. That goes into a small little window just to see the overnotes. But then I. But then I'll open up a different browser or, you know, window and flip it that way. But, you know, there. But it's got a lot better since I started using it. I will say it's got a lot.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. I mean, one of the things that we're constantly engineering around is how to create patient data that's like, radically discoverable. Like, how do we make it so that you can chat with our software in the same way you would chat with a person and like, ask, like, hey, I'm about to see Chris for, you know, her visit in 20 minutes. Like, give me the three things that I need. I remember I talked to him about his dog last time.
Kayla Roberts: Like, what did he say about his dog?
Nathan Peereboom: Now we try and do that by allowing you to search for patients, see the entire profile, click into documents, you know, and we try and make that pretty easy. But I think it might be worth it for me just to give a quick tour of the software under the narrative of like, hey, imagine this was your ehr. And you guys can, you know, we can talk about, like, all the. Some of the things that you've mentioned. Here's my guess. I'm going to say my guess at the beginning so that you know what my guess is? My guess is that at the end of this conversation, the next step will be putting your team on two different, like add on bundles. One is jot audit, which basically takes all of your payer documents and audits the note with them. And Jennifer, if you still want to do the billing yourself, that's completely fine, but at least like, your job gets easier because you're not doing chart reviews manually. So that's an offering that I think would really, really benefit y'.
Kayla Roberts: All.
Nathan Peereboom: And then the second thing is, I believe you might be interested in our E prescription offering because you can't really move ehrs if you don't like using our E prescription.
Kayla Roberts: It just doesn't make sense.
Kayla Roberts: Pardon me, what do you use?
Nathan Peereboom: We use do Spot. So essentially you. It's just a two way door.
Nathan Peereboom: But all the data from dose spot flows back into your note so that you have perfect coherence between your note, your patient record and what's in Dose spot.
Kayla Roberts: Yeah, yeah, yeah. I have used.
Nathan Peereboom: What was that look? That was an eye roll. Was that a skeptical eye roll or was that a back at her?
Kayla Roberts: She was rolling her eyes at me. Because our RX doesn't like to talk to anything and doesn't auto update Doctors First Arcovia. You may be familiar with that one or
Nathan Peereboom: the one thing we have heard the most negative. I don't think I've ever heard a company ragged as badly as Dr. First has been ragged by people we've interviewed for E prescription vendor partnerships. Like, no one likes Dr. First. So you're, you're definitely not alone there. But yeah, you know, the only, the thing that we're maximizing for at every level is just everything in one place. Really simple, easy to use. That's the, that's the entire vision here. So why don't I do this? I'm going to share my screen. We're going to walk through things now. Both of you are going to feel like, oh my gosh, I've seen this before. Just rush me along if that's the case. Okay. Because I don't know exactly what you've explored or not, but at least you'll be able to see this. Let's see. Screen share. Whoops. Okay, so you guys have been in jot psych before. Let's just start with patients. Okay. So are all of your patients in jot psych?
Kayla Roberts: I would say the majority are. There's a couple that I guess if, if this becomes a HR that don't want to be that have declined AI because it freaks them out. But if it's tooled in a way to help, I, I try to tool it as it. It's a, just a, it's a, it's a dictation basically of our encounter. But there's a couple. But I'd say mine are 95 or more. Or is it. I can't account for the rest of the practice because they don't use it, but me and this other provider that does.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, well, one of the services that we offer is for people who consider us as an ehr.
Nathan Peereboom: And let me start out by saying plenty of practices do use us as an ehr. We saved the Note for seven years. We store the Note in a client's special facility just for EHRs.
Nathan Peereboom: The same place that like MedStar Health and the CDC and I H store their data. What we encourage those groups to do right off the bat is have us transition their data into job site. So you can run both EHRs in parallel and just see what the difference is.
Nathan Peereboom: That costs around $300 one time. So it's a material cost.
Nathan Peereboom: It's just there to protect our engineering time. But that would be something that I would recommend right off the bat. Now, when you do that, you're going to get a profile for every single patient. And whenever you click into a profile, you're going to be able to see everything.
Nathan Peereboom: If you have a treatment plan, it'll be here. You'll go see the last encounter and what happened. You can always click in and see the encounter. Note.
Nathan Peereboom: If you have sent your. This is a little incomplete, but if you've, you know, if you've got a score for any kind of test, it'll get charted. If you see the patients, you know, and you're like, oh my gosh, I actually remember them having a lower score a week ago. It gets put, you know, into a graph so you can see all the data.
Nathan Peereboom: You can send forms, any form you want that gets sent to the patient and it comes right back here so you can review it. If you, if the patient has diagnoses, they go here and at the bottom you can see that you can send. You know, we talked about forms any lab.
Christopher Hume: Just to jump in real quick, I think Jennifer has a question.
Kayla Roberts: When you say we can send forms, are these only forms that are loaded in job site or can we have a new patient and send new patient forms in this way?
Nathan Peereboom: So you can go to forms forms library and build whatever form you want?
Kayla Roberts: Okay.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah.
Kayla Roberts: What about adding uploading a form into it that we've made ourselves as a PDF? Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: So if you go to forms, you have form library, build a new form. The first thing you do is upload a document.
Nathan Peereboom: And so if you have a pd, you can just drop it in there.
Kayla Roberts: Is there an extra fee per form for whatever, anything crazy like that when it comes to the forms or sending the forms out or getting the forms back?
Nathan Peereboom: No. Now, at some point we might put, we might put a limit on the number of forms that you can send, but if we did that, we would probably just grandfather y' all in so it wasn't affecting you.
Kayla Roberts: Okay. I know like on the Jot forms website, you can only get a hundred in for free. And that's great if people actually follow the directions, but they don't. So we use 100 real quick, like if we're not careful.
Nathan Peereboom: Yep, I totally understand that. So the other thing though is, and I mean, we, we shared labs the other thing we're really proud of is this document generator. So you can, you know, create any document you could ever imagine. So let's say, like, write an FMLA letter for this. Now, what it's going to do is it's going to take all the patient context and immediately create a document that, with that context, writes this document.
Nathan Peereboom: So you can save that as a template, you can share it with and send it.
Nathan Peereboom: You know, whatever you want to do. So. And then you can collect payment directly through job psych. So, you know, I know that you guys want to do in house billing a really easy way to do in house billing.
Nathan Peereboom: You know, you just write the amount, you click send request, it goes to their phone, they pay it through stripe. It's really straightforward.
Nathan Peereboom: And then you can monitor that through bill patients.
Kayla Roberts: I haven't seen anything. Currently we have to use a third party credit card processor and we have to store credit cards and make them sign off and blah, blah, blah. So is there a way to store someone's credit card for payment or do we always have to send them a bill?
Nathan Peereboom: That is a good question. Let me get back to you on it. Yeah, let me get back to you on that. Okay, so, okay, so we've covered kind of the value of the patient object. Let's go look at jot audit. So when you guys bill, you know, you have a bunch of rules that you probably use to evaluate your notes. You know, you're probably looking at mdm, you're probably looking at suicidal and homicidal ideation. You know, I don't know if coordination of care is required in the area of Florida you're in, but there's all these rules and you can create as many rules as you want.
Nathan Peereboom: You can upload your documents and what's great is you can see exactly which rules are getting passed, which rules are not getting passed. You can click in and discover where there are violations.
Nathan Peereboom: These are all people on our team. This is all fake data.
Nathan Peereboom: You can see exactly what is going on.
Nathan Peereboom: You can track it over time.
Nathan Peereboom: Then the clinicians, when they go to see a note, they actually get to see this audit process at work too. They can see, hey, this is what we're thinking code wise.
Nathan Peereboom: And then here's what we recommend changing based on that code and the documents you have. So, you know, Jennifer, I think that this is a pretty valuable thing for you because it makes your job. You can just go claim by claim and you know, well, this is clinicians encounters.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, so you can go encounter by encounter and click in and immediately see like, all right, here's what's going on.
Nathan Peereboom: You know, here's what I need to like, you know, follow up on.
Nathan Peereboom: It should give you a really easy interface for both creating some gating and information and feedback loops and also just feeling really confident about clicking Submit. Now we have a beta program that allows you to actually submit a claim through us in that circumstance. We're not your billing company. But. And so we don't do follow ups or anything like that.
Nathan Peereboom: But if you'd like to build through us, it is included in suite.
Kayla Roberts: Yeah, I'd love all the billing through the same, but I'd like to be the one that hits submit and follow up on it and all of that versus paying someone else and. Just again, from past experience, not catching it too late to do anything else about it.
Nathan Peereboom: Gotcha. Yeah, well that's totally like, that's something we could completely set up for you. Just so you know, you know, if you guys were interested in, you know, in using our billing service there, there are a few things that are included in that. And again it sounds like you're not, but just so you know, the first thing is we do hyper vigilant eligibility checks. So we have a system that uses AI and humans to basically like call, search online, grab documents and verify eligibility. We then have an off the shelf program for writing pairware documentation that includes rules from the ama, cms, APA and then audit guidance from Aetna, Optum Signal and a few others. We then have a clean claim generation engine that will actually make sure that like your ICD10 codes are nested correctly on your CPT codes, that the CMS 1500 is filled out.
Nathan Peereboom: And then we auto appeal anything that's ever denied.
Nathan Peereboom: So we'll take like the language from the appeal, we'll look through all the documentation in job site and then immediately like write an appeal and send it off.
Nathan Peereboom: And then of course we do patient billing and collection. So the, the cycle of management here is something where, and again, I know you guys aren't interested, this is just so you know, but we go all the way from like hey, we'll, we'll do the writing and the submission all the way to hey, we look at your account, figure out how much the insurance company paid you, made sure that that equaled what they said they were going to pay you in your era, and made sure that what they said they were going to pay you in the ERA equals what is in the fee schedule of your contract.
Nathan Peereboom: So it creates total coherence across those three different data sources because a lot of times it breaks, you know, the insurance company will say yes, this claim was approved, but oh, the approval was for less than what's in the contract.
Nathan Peereboom: Oh, and by the way, when you actually look at what's in the bank statement, there is some like, you know, after fee that like made it even less. And so people are collecting. We did, we did an analysis on an insurance company or a clinic today where received 32% of what their contract entitled them to for 99214. So it was crazy. And in their mind they were like well but they all get approved. And in our minds we're like well this is actually a really complicated thing to keep up on. So anyways, that's that's just kind of like the overview. But again, I think the place where you guys want to start is actually just using jot audit. So upload, you know, you can upload any rules you have, any documents. Start screening your own notes, Jennifer, you can keep submitting them through whatever, you know, system you would like to do that for. And, you know, and that's, that's probably the best entrance for you. And then, as I said, Said if you're interested in trying e prescription, that's a really, really good toe dip for understanding if we could serve you as your ehr.
Kayla Roberts: Well, if we upgrade or change anything, my goal would be to essentially change over entirely to do everything out of JOT site for all of the providers.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah.
Kayla Roberts: So that would be, that would be my ultimate. That is my ultimate goal in this conversation is to see if that's the route that we want to go or not. I know that like just if you're just looking at dollars, I was trying to put that together a little quicker earlier today and I don't really know where I have time to do most of the things that I do, but somehow I figure it out. So I would say on average after I pulled the last year worth of claims, we average about 350,000 claims dollars. $3,350,000 revenue, like just income. But I was not able to pull the number of claims that we actually built in order to drive you thereabout. I actually wrote them all down because I didn't feel like that seems about right either. But other than back in October like it's.
Nathan Peereboom: Can I jump in here? This is something that we hear all the time.
Nathan Peereboom: Like the thing you're describing, like insurance data is just so complicated. It's hard to even know like what the top line is, what you're looking at here. This is our process of like getting started with jot bill. And the very first step is this thing called JOT Bill analysis. This is the analysis that we did for that clinic I referenced that was getting 30% or so on two on fours. But we would be super happy Kayla and Jennifer to come in and just like do a quick like we charge 300 bucks for it and we just look at what are you earning today, where's that money coming from? How are this is being coded? Where's money getting delayed or lost and what changes would unlock the most impact.
Kayla Roberts: And Jennifer, even if going to tell them that I am slacking at my job. No sir. I know where money being lost. It is me not having time to do my job.
Nathan Peereboom: No, no, no, we, we are. It's not a, an operation problem. It's usually an issue with like insurance companies strategically delaying or denying or having differences. It's, I mean but yeah, of course you guys can do whatever you want here. But, but we do find that a lot of people are shocked by, you know, the fine print in their contracts or the way that you know, an insurance company is going to. Hold in AR for 300 days a set of claims that were like, you know, appealed and are just like, sitting there. So if it is something where you're trying to like, unlock an inspection of like, hey, what the heck is going on here? Not in any sort of judgmental way or any kind of like, you know, anything more than descriptive level of like, you know, trying to help. Help you wrap your heads around the current situation.
Nathan Peereboom: And, you know, y' all can do with that whatever you. You'd like, but it is a service we offer and it's something that other clinics have appreciated.
Kayla Roberts: Okay, well, I know that I am a contract reader and every year I go over our contracts and make sure that I have, like, update fee schedule and I have spreadsheets that I do every year and everything. So I. So my. So our current ehr. The way that we. The way they break it down is the eligibility is X amount per check. Most of our eligibility checks are honestly just done manually.
Kayla Roberts: Most of our patients are very good at saying, hey, I've got a new insurance or I'm going to have a new insurance. So for better or worse, we don't necessarily check them every single month. And then we pay per claim that goes through our clearinghouse. So I have to log into the clearinghouse to make sure that everything did filter through if it didn't, because I don't want to pay the same quarter twice. I just fix it in the clearinghouse and then fix it in our system so that way I don't have to pay for that.
Nathan Peereboom: Smart price. Yeah.
Kayla Roberts: And then we pay. And I really need to call them to double check on this because the. The quote that they gave me, it reads kind of weird. It says like, era per claim is like a quarter per era. So I don't know if I'm paying a quarter per the whole entire era or per claim on each era. So that sounds like. But I feel like it's the whole entire check and then we have to pay X amount for each provider to use the doctors first. So. So now we're at three instead of just two. So already that's a little higher, but where you guys have like a percentage. So I know that that's going to run a little differently. And I almost feel like a percentage is better because some insurances, I make $40 less than I do on other insurances. So I'm not paying the same dollar amount for every single insurance, which is nice also. So I'm. I'm trying to piece these two together. So I'm going to have to figure out how many claims I submitted for.
Emily Kaiser: For.
Kayla Roberts: For 10 months. Versus how much revenue was generated for that month to give. Like a fake. This is what it would have costed for this versus this. But this is what we're getting out of this. And in all honesty, the. I don't know what the difference is in the billing side for each of those things, but if we didn't look at the billing side and we just looked at like the RX and the users and what the dollar amount is and what we get in return, like I can already tell you guys totally when like 100% you guys win. But I know that for Chuck, who I guess really gets the final say, so even though I pretend like I do, he's going to want to know what is, what is that dollar amount in the claims that we're looking at. So I know if we're looking at the essentials and our revenue is 350,000, I know we're looking at 14,000 just at 4% on that. So now I need to look and see what did we pay maybe for the last two or three months as far as what were our invoices, what did we pay for our current one to see what they are saying that we paid them for the clean submission and the eras because they don't do anything except let us post it in their system, send it through their system and get it through their system so they don't offer anything else, which is like fine. Ish. But obviously if I have a choice and it's not that much more, I'd rather have a little help. So. And then if the potential is instead of possibly hiring a second person because of the amount of relief that I am given from the job site, then does that make up the payroll for that second person that he's looking at hiring in the next few months to assist me in, in getting my job done in a more timely manner? Because I do know that I'm behind. So that's what I need to look at next.
Nathan Peereboom: Well, I mean that sounds great from our standpoint. You know, there's never any pressure or rush here like you guys can you, you can try these other features.
Nathan Peereboom: We're happy to come visit you in Florida if it's, if it's helpful and like, you know, support you learn like making the most out of John Audit and John rx. But, but yeah, we're here to completely support whatever transition and scaling that you guys want to do. I think that the most common thing we hear from people who use any of our RCM style features are just that it allows their clinic to grow quickly because the person who's doing billing instead of, like, just doing, like, chart reviews can then go and, you know, help hire more clinicians, figure out front of, you know, the front desk intake system. You know, Chase appeals more aggressively.
Nathan Peereboom: So there's all sorts of like capacity free up that, you know, that people have always.
Nathan Peereboom: The one thing that clinics don't tell us is that there's ever not enough work to do. And so, you know, if we can be helpful in alleviating any of that and helping you guys be a larger clinic with the same staff, that's kind of the business for it. I'm just looking at timing here.
Nathan Peereboom: I know that we're kind of coming up to time. Can we. What is a helpful next step for you,
Kayla Roberts: for me to do my part first and just try through how many claims or actually try and get our current software to answer my call on their sales side that I've been trying to call all morning and try and get the last two or three invoices. And like I said, if I can get those, I know how much came in. So I could, you know, I could take what I've got here and multiply it by the 4% and hey, here's the price difference if we went this route versus this route. But that's going to free up a lot of my time also, which is going to be extremely helpful since I constantly get interrupted and pulled away and thrown and shoved and pushed in different directions. I feel like that's a proper words, right? Yeah. Yeah. Okay. So I need to look and see. Hopefully I can just get a copy of the last couple of invoices because that means way less work for me. How much would it be to. With the dose spot? And you know, let's say if she's, if you're talking about handling all the claims on our end, it's just kind of, you know, and she's just, she's controlling it. She's still using our same clearinghouse, etc. So what kind of, you know, price point are we looking at if we have, you know, you know, let's say, you know, you said that, you said there was like a plan or you've mentioned two, you know, bundles. Right.
Kayla Roberts: And it's with the dose spot, how many providers will there be? 3 providers doing dose spot, for example. Okay. Yeah. You have something that you want to email us? It was an example. As far as like when I'm talking to you, Chuck, you know, the main owner, you know, who's basically going to say yes or no, he said one. That's going to be that money. Okay, right. As well. The sheet that I gave you before we started. Right. It doesn't include. It does right here, e prescribe and 50 bucks a month per provider. Thank you, Chris. Look at that. Sorry. I'm talking to her. I told you Chris was great. We're going to say. Yeah, he just called it something different than Chris said. Chris put it in words that I understood. Said thank you. So is that so standard access is 130 but per provider. Right. So per like you but admins. Right. This do not have a charge, but that means.
Nathan Peereboom: Yep, that's right. So it's. So it's 130 if you guys have seven or more clinicians on, it's 130 for the base software per month. Plus if you're using our audit program, it's just like 70. I think it's like $69 per month. And then Chris's E prescription price is correct. So you don't have to buy every bundle for every clinician.
Nathan Peereboom: But the 4% doesn't apply unless we're doing billing services for you.
Nathan Peereboom: So that 4% is not something you have to calculate unless you want us actually clicking submit on the notes, running eligibility checks and things like that so you don't have to worry about that.
Kayla Roberts: So the 4% is if you're clicking submit. The 69 is if I'm clicking submit.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, that's, that's right for right now. Now if you want us to do eligibility checks, you can purchase those a la carte at 90 cents a check. But we don't take on any of the claim writing or anything like that unless we're. If you want us to write the claim and everything, we're, we're happy to do that. But the 4% is really for us to own the, the whole front of the process. So we'd like.
Nathan Peereboom: The 4% would have us even like looking at the JOT audits and then like interfacing with your clinicians on Slack and being like, hey, it doesn't look like this encounter is going to get approved. We like if you feel comfortable, please change this.
Kayla Roberts: It's not you but you know, y'. All. I think they'd be a waste of resources there. So then $30 per provider. If we had eight signing providers that would be 1,040 and then 50 per provider for the E prescribed. So that would be 150 and then 69 or 6. 60 what for the audit. 69 for the audit and then a one time 300 transfer all of our current patients. So then just total monthly. If we did all of our own eligibility and we did all of our clicking submit, you're looking at. I missed a zero. And you said you'll look into the credit card like holding new system. Let's say someone's a no show let they have a credit card on file to create. Or, you know, charge them, or there's, you know, automated charge. For our telehealth, we try to charge those up front, and we know they're coming in, et cetera. So y' all could look into that as well. It'd be definitely nice to, you know, because that. Cause there's not like an extra charge, I guess, right now, like, the patient gets sent a. What. Like, what do y' all use to do your credit card payments now? When. When a patient's paying or what do you use?
Nathan Peereboom: So we use Stripe, which is the same payment processor we use to collect subscription fees. It's just like the best, most blue chip system out there. And I've been doing a little bit of research on the side about this authorization. And it depends on the credit card. So some card networks cap you at seven days before, like, expiring, and some do up to 30 days. But I think that we could probably figure out a workaround if you wanted to hold it for more than seven, because sometimes they'll.
Kayla Roberts: The patient. Well, well, it's like they have to be. They have to pay. The code can be seen. Right.
Kayla Roberts: So saying it may kind of stop some business, I guess, as well. I mean, it should anyway. Right. So. But. But I guess we, you know, you know, old. Well, wait, like, it's nice having a card on file, if possible. So if you can look into that, that would be great as well.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay. Yeah, I'm looking at it. It seems that it's like a Visa, MasterCard, AmEx rule. Not a. Not an issue on our side.
Kayla Roberts: So we currently have.
Nathan Peereboom: We can look into it. We'll. We'll do some research.
Kayla Roberts: We'll do some research here. Yeah, we. We currently have paper authorizations that state, say that this card is on file until we receive written notice to remove it. And like, all of three times that patients have been upset and tried to dispute it, I totally won because that's valid even though they signed it like two and three years ago. And I've not had any problems with that with the written authorization. But we also black out all except for the last four of the card number because I am not storing anyone's card number as a whole entire card number. But I would. I mean, if, I guess if we could send out an automated message like, every morning. Like right now, all of our telehealth patients, we are sending out automated messages through a communicator system that's tied to our current software. And we say, hey, you have a telehealth with Kayla Roberts at this time today. Here's the link. So if there's something automated we can send out that says, hey, you have a copy, Pay for today. You need to pay it or we'll cancel your appointment or something pretty like that. Is there a. Like I know that we can send it out saying here's your invoice but can we one, can we make it say whatever we want or is that pre scripted in?
Nathan Peereboom: Nope. Yeah, it's totally customizable. So you can like write the script however you'd like.
Kayla Roberts: No.
Kayla Roberts: If nothing else we can send it. Make them responsible for paying instead of us running. Yeah, well, is there and I'm assuming it does, but are we notified when a payment is received and or if it's not or something like that?
Nathan Peereboom: Yep. So you get a dashboard in job site and again you can try this today. You could send like a $10 request to, to Kayla and you know, Kayla can just let it void and you can see it as a line item of like this is what requested, nothing happened.
Kayla Roberts: So we can play with that and see how it looks and what it looks like and what it may look like for the front desk. Okay. So monthly if we did, if I clicked the submit, we're looking at $1,259 not including that one time, 300ft. Does that sound about right?
Nathan Peereboom: It does. I will just caution that we are probably changing our pricing in the next. Probably in the next. I think that, you know, anyone who comes in at this point will probably be grandfathered in with the current pricing. But I do want to just caution that we are probably going to change our pricing like in the next four weeks to what would that be?
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, well what we're doing is we're splitting out the AI scribe from a bunch of the other features because we know, I mean you mentioned it earlier with your ehr that a lot of people like the ability to customize exactly what they're paying for. So those are going to be broken out. So the core scribe may decrease in price, but things like forms, you know, using certain features on the patient side, document generation, those will probably become a priced feature. And you know, our goal is simply to give people the most optionality and control over what they understand that they're paying for.
Kayla Roberts: Because we don't want people to underpay for something they're getting value from.
Nathan Peereboom: We don't want people to overpay for something they're not using.
Kayla Roberts: So that like that 130 per provider. You're saying with all those features, would that just go up?
Nathan Peereboom: You mean that is probably going to go down. The core software is probably going to go down. But then there might be there's probably going to be, like, a fee for using more than, like, 20 forms a month or something like that.
Kayla Roberts: Oh, so instead of 130, maybe like 99. But it's. If you want to use unlimited forms and it's going to cost you like, like what? Like 120? Yeah, we.
Kayla Roberts: We haven't solidified the pricing there in the world. I'm like, you're screaming, right? No. Anyway, but I'm think I'm realistic. Okay. So I'm like, come on. That's what I wish. I wish.
Nathan Peereboom: No.
Kayla Roberts: Okay, so, okay, so when I hit submit through your software, do you have. Does job site have its own clearinghouse and it goes and does its thing. So when I hit submit, as part of that just base fee, if it were to like, back out of the clearinghouse, it didn't accept it. Something didn't attach. Right. I messed up. Forgot to change my place of service. After I put modifiers in, can I go into that clearinghouse and update it versus having to just update the entire claim? How does that work and what would be the charge for that? If any or. No, that's included right now I
Nathan Peereboom: need to take that back to the engineers. I'm not sure what the answer is to that right now, but the clearinghouse we use is called Steady. It's one of the, like, kind of premier clearinghouses out there.
Kayla Roberts: Okay. Is that something that I get to through job site or is that a different website?
Nathan Peereboom: Everything will be native to Jot Psych.
Nathan Peereboom: If you're submitting claims through us, though, you won't have access to the ERA if you're not one of our billing clients. So that'll probably. That will go elsewhere for now.
Kayla Roberts: And I think that.
Nathan Peereboom: That you can access in study. So for that we would give you an account in study that you could access.
Kayla Roberts: Okay. So there wouldn't be any auto posting if I don't go into the billing side?
Nathan Peereboom: Yep, that's right.
Kayla Roberts: That's terrible. What? That's terrible. That's terrible. Okay.
Nathan Peereboom: That's terrible.
Kayla Roberts: Okay, we'll talk more later after we log off. What. What she really thinks. Okay. Everybody knows Terrible to not auto. Okay, well, those are good things to know, so that way I know what to anticipate. I think I'm good with the answers I have for now.
Nathan Peereboom: Awesome. Could we set up some time to get y' all set up with jot audit? Maybe like later this week?
Kayla Roberts: You have time. You're booked all week until Friday, and I don't know if you're. Friday. That's on time. Maybe Friday you do. Do you want to look at your schedule? Look and see if you do or not. It's based on Kayla's schedule. Okay. I guess it would be based on yours. Do you. Do you want to watch it, or do you just want me to watch it? I need to. I think I. I need to, you know. Okay. Learn, you know, witness and learn as well.
Kayla Roberts: I mean, I'm just looking. Yeah, totally. So yeah, Friday probably would be the time. Well, I got, I got a. Made it already. I got to do that. Okay. Yeah. So Friday at 2 at, at 2:30 Central or. It's probably. That's all I got. Really?
Nathan Peereboom: Chris, that works for you?
Christopher Hume: Yep. 2:30 Central. 3:30 Eastern. Perfect.
Kayla Roberts: Yeah. Yeah, with. With that one. Yeah, yeah, yeah, I know they are. Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: All right, remind me, where are y' all in Florida. Where are you guys located?
Kayla Roberts: Florida. Everything Alabama is central. Everything under Georgia is Eastern. Where are you all at?
Nathan Peereboom: We're in. We're in Washington D.C. the reason why I asked is, and I mentioned it earlier, but we do love to come visit folks who are using our software and there are a few benefits to that one. It's no cost to you. Like we'll like get the plane tickets and the hotel rooms and all that. But we find that it's really helpful to do like a lunch and learn with everyone, like actually just like walk them through how to use the soft software. And we usually use that experience to also spend a little bit of time shadowing your clinicians so that we can understand exactly, you know, what the unique little edges and edge cases are in your practice and help help you guys figure out how to use jobs like the best way for those. Is that something that you think you'd be open to? It's kind of outside. I mean it doesn't really matter how much you use the software or not. It's an amazing learning experience from us and it does give you access to just the whitest glove care that you could possibly get from our team. So if. Is that something that you guys would be open to?
Kayla Roberts: I guess possibly if we end up rolling out, you know, with job site, you know, as our ehr. I'm going to discuss this with. With Chuck, you know, as well you know, the main owner as well and as well. But if he's like, you know, if he gets excited, then I guess we can be in touch to you know, set that up so then the other providers can can, you know, especially the, you know, the therapists who really have not really really used job site at. At all, you know, as well, you know. So yeah, I think we'll. We'll need touch about that. Okay, so maybe, maybe even know more by Friday after I talk to. To a chat probably, you know, later today possibly, etc. So. Okay, great.
Nathan Peereboom: Well we'd love to come see y' all and it's an open offer so it doesn't expire.
Kayla Roberts: Okay. Okay. Thank you. Thank you so much. All right. And thank you for the information about, I guess, you know, the option to use, use the billing or not. But granted, you know, I, I think I, I know she likes to have more control, you know, over that which I don't blame her. I mean, hey, you know. Right. But I, I, I've enjoyed using it so far and you know, as I just, I went from free to AI and I said it, you know, y' all didn't. And, and it, it was very limited. I will say that it's very, very limited. So I can see how the, since I've been using this now for about a year now, more myself, I've seen it really grow and expand all features and everything. So I've, I have liked it and I've used NABLA as well just to try some things out. And you know, I've, you know, I've, I feel like it's, it continues to change. I like how the course works, feast, like focus. But I, I appreciate, you know, how it has grown and I, I look forward to producing more, you know, from it as well.
Nathan Peereboom: Great.
Kayla Roberts: So thank you.
Nathan Peereboom: Well, that's music to our ears. We put a lot of, a lot of tender loving care into it. So it's, I'm glad to hear that it's, it's resonating for y'.
Kayla Roberts: All. Yep. And then if you had that add in feature course for add in dictation, please do that. Let's say like, let's say you a recent note that I did and then I want to add in something to it. I want to be able to, to dictate into it. You know, I don't know if that could.
Nathan Peereboom: We're adding this to the product backlog right now. I feel like. Chris, I've seen you send an email to the engineers about this, but we'll, we'll, we'll double tap it here. Okay.
Kayla Roberts: It's just taking that from like the beginning, like that would be nice. I hope they can do that. I think my, my colleague has really called and you know, sent, sent that feedback, I think recently about that too. So. Yep, I think that she has. So I think that's all for me. Unless Jen has anything else to ask. I think that that was it. So, so 3:30pm or 4. Sorry, I can't. Time zones. Oh, good Lord. Isn't the day for, for me too. But yeah. Thank you. 3:30pm Eastern. Thank you. Friday. Right.
Nathan Peereboom: As well.
Kayla Roberts: And, and we. What jot audit. Is that right?
Christopher Hume: Yep. And Jennifer, would you like to be added to that too? Or are you?
Kayla Roberts: Oh, certainly.
Christopher Hume: Okay.
Kayla Roberts: She's the guest of honor. That's mine. That's all me? Yes.
Nathan Peereboom: Can you. Can you guys bring some of your, like, pair contracts? Could you send some of your pair contracts so we could add some of the rule context from them to our engine for you?
Kayla Roberts: Which pair would you prefer? Because I have a copy of all of them now.
Nathan Peereboom: Well, we would take all of them because it's like our software takes any.
Kayla Roberts: You're gonna send them all to me in the next two months anyways.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, well, however, whichever ones you feel are most material, we'll take them, and that way, On Friday. You'll be able to see your own rules, grading your own notes.
Kayla Roberts: Have you all used much with Blue Cross Blue Shield? Oh, we.
Nathan Peereboom: We know and love Blue Cross Blue Shield. Yeah, they're one of the bigger ones.
Kayla Roberts: One of our best payers. I was curious, so. Okay, good to know.
Nathan Peereboom: Love it.
Kayla Roberts: Okay.
Nathan Peereboom: All right, cool.
Nathan Peereboom: Well, folks, I have to run, but great to meet you and really excited about next steps here.
Kayla Roberts: Thank you. See you, friends. Bye. Bye. Thank you so much.
Christopher Hume: Bye.