Jack Waugh: How are you?
bbwatkins: Good. How are you? I thought I needed an email to. Get into this on the computer.
bbwatkins: Or I guess you'll tell me what I need to do.
Jack Waugh: Yeah, let me send that again to your email here.
bbwatkins: Email comes up when I do a search for jot psych.
Jack Waugh: I'll go ahead and send that right now again. BB Watkins is the at fanad.net, right?
bbwatkins: Correct. Yeah. Excuse me.
Jack Waugh: Okay. You should have that now.
bbwatkins: Okay. It can be kind of slow over here.
Jack Waugh: That's okay. Yeah, that's how it goes. How's your week been?
bbwatkins: Pretty good. I'm off of work, so. But you know how things. Tend to pile up anyway. Well.
Jack Waugh: That's how it goes. Yep. I totally know.
bbwatkins: What is your email so I can search directly for it?
Jack Waugh: Yeah, it's. It's J wall, W-A-U-G-H. At jot psych.com. It's always a possibility. It went to the spam folder,
bbwatkins: too, but, yeah, I've been looking there.
Jack Waugh: Okay.
bbwatkins: Oh, there it is. It. It showed up.
Jack Waugh: Okay. Okay.
bbwatkins: All right. So what do I need to do here?
Jack Waugh: Yeah. On your computer, if you just click that link, you should be able to join it from there.
bbwatkins: Yeah. Okay.
Jack Waugh: But take your time.
bbwatkins: Okay. All right. Okay. Let me grab something real quick. I seem to be in over here.
Jack Waugh: Okay. Yeah. Let's see. I'll look for your. Maybe I have to admit you there.
bbwatkins: Oh, I guess I need to put my name in.
Jack Waugh: Yeah, you may have to rejoin just from the computer. And then once that happens, I should be able to let you into this here. Okay, let's see. Yep. There you are. So if you want to hang up on your phone. Okay. Looks like you're in there.
bbwatkins: I guess we just.
Beverley Watkins: Whoa.
Jack Waugh: Okay. Awesome. Well, yeah, Beverly, I'm excited for you to, like, start saving a bunch of time on your notes like we were talking about, you know, looking forward to helping you get set up with that. I think we were going to get you set up with. With the trial today and the discount month. So. But let me kind of walk you through that and also help things set up the way you want them to be for your workflow.
Beverley Watkins: So that way you have everything. What kind of feedback have you gotten on what kind of editing people have to do after. They get the job side not? E?
Jack Waugh: That's a great question.
Jack Waugh: So a couple of things there. Our platform is already outputting notes that are HIPAA compliant. So typically the notes that you have will actually be formatted in a way that you don't have to do a lot of editing. Now, the exception to that is, let's say you see the summary section. There's a certain thing you want on there. Like you like your notes to be a little bit more detailed on the summary. Or you maybe want the HPI section to be, you know, in bullet points or something like that. There's actually a thing we have on here called our AI note editor. That lets you change the template so that anytime you use that template, it'll always output it that way. So the great thing about our editing basically is that once you do it once, it'll keep it that way. Yeah. So it's not like you have to edit it every time. It's just like a one-time thing. If there's anything you want it to do differently.
Beverley Watkins: Okay.
Jack Waugh: So let me kind of show you how to get set up here. Okay, so are you on the jot psych website right now? I don't think you have an account, a free trial yet. Okay. So. Okay. Yeah. Just let me know. I can also send you a link to your email if you want.
Beverley Watkins: Okay, well, I guess. I guess I need to go on my email.
Jack Waugh: On.
Beverley Watkins: On my phone. I don't know how to. Go back and forth real easily.
Jack Waugh: Yeah. See, if you open up, like, a new tab in your browser, it should leave ours here.
Beverley Watkins: Okay. Can you tell me how I do that? Sure. Minimize this.
Jack Waugh: Or. You don't have to minimize this. Are you using, like, what browser are you using? Firefox. Firefox. So you see at the top, there should be a little, like plus icon. Yes. You just hit that and it'll. You can toggle between our tab here and the. And the next tab.
Beverley Watkins: On email.
Jack Waugh: Yeah. And I'll go ahead and send you that right now.
Beverley Watkins: Okay. Where are you guys located?
Jack Waugh: We are based out of Washington, DC.
Beverley Watkins: Okay.
Beverley Watkins: How about yourself? How about yourself? Edwardsville, Illinois, which is actually in Illinois suburb of St. Louis.
Jack Waugh: Oh, very cool. Okay. Yeah. St. Louis. I've never actually been, but I've heard really great things. Like, I. Everyone who I've known that's visited St. Louis has always, like, said they loved it.
Beverley Watkins: Cool.
Jack Waugh: So I just emailed you. You should see, like, a login link there.
Beverley Watkins: Hasn't popped up yet, but it seems like it takes a minute. Okay.
Beverley Watkins: And while we're.
Jack Waugh: Oh, yeah.
Beverley Watkins: Yeah.
Jack Waugh: Sometimes it just takes a second.
Beverley Watkins: Okay.
Jack Waugh: I was going to say while we're doing that, I want to make sure I recap with you just to make sure I have all the things you're looking for.
Beverley Watkins: So main thing for jot psych.
Jack Waugh: Tell me if I'm right was saving time on notes. That's the big thing for you right now is you're spending a lot of time on notes and charting. Is that right?
Beverley Watkins: Yeah. I also sometimes have to do some reports. I'm helping, actually a friend with one this afternoon, I hope. To be able to use it. She just needs to. Pull together a bunch of. Medical information. And it does not. Is not in a good place to do much writing right now. So if I could. I was. Oh, there it is. Okay. If I can help her, I'd like to. Sure. Okay. All right. So I just clicked on that. Log in. Okay.
Jack Waugh: And, yeah, you should be able to sign up there. I think it'll ask you for your email and prompt that kind of thing.
Beverley Watkins: So just let me know. Okay. And I need to create a password. Just told me wrong email or password. And I've never been on it again before. I need to go to sign up, don't I?
Jack Waugh: Yep, that's. That's why.
Beverley Watkins: Okay. It's not giving me enough room here. I'm having a hard time scrolling up to. Oh, there it is. So. Okay, continue. All right. Okay. Put in all my info.
Jack Waugh: Oop.
Beverley Watkins: S. Do I need a referral code? You don't need.
Jack Waugh: No, you wouldn't need that. You shouldn't have to have that to log in.
Beverley Watkins: Yes, I need both. What's in the terms of service? I really don't want to have to read the whole thing.
Jack Waugh: Yeah. It's pretty standard. I'm trying to. Find our copy here. I don't have it right in front of me. But we, you know, the gist of it. Like, we don't use. We can't see any patient information on our end. You know, it's all completely HIPAA compliant.
Jack Waugh: So any, you know, service terms that you see there should be pretty standard. I don't want to rush you if you want to look through it, though. That's totally fine.
Beverley Watkins: But I'm good. I'm good. Okay, I gotta it. It sent me a ode to the phone.
Jack Waugh: Cool.
Beverley Watkins: We do before computers.
Jack Waugh: I know. Crazy, right?
Beverley Watkins: Right. Yeah. Okay. It's doing a. I'll say client. With a presenting problem next.
Jack Waugh: I'll share my screen here. You should eventually see this screen. Or something like this.
Beverley Watkins: Yeah.
Jack Waugh: Yeah. I think that would be the way to go. That way you can record the session and use the. The microphone when you're recording.
Beverley Watkins: Okay.
Jack Waugh: Is this the. Is this the page you're seeing here?
Beverley Watkins: Well, let me get back to where you are. It's like this counseling session.
Jack Waugh: Sure. One, actually, why don't I have you share your screen with me? That way I can kind of walk. No, no, that's okay. It's different on every platform. I totally understand. There's a. In the bottom, do you see our window here where we're talking? There? If you go to that tab, there should be a little computer icon in the bottom middle of it. It says it's like a little computer with an arrow.
Beverley Watkins: I don't think I see it.
Jack Waugh: Are you in. Are you in the link that I sent you or. I'm sorry, the tab with our two faces in it.
Beverley Watkins: No, I was trying to get back to that, and it's. Nothing happens when I.
Jack Waugh: Hear. I can always share mine if. If we can't share yours, but I was just gonna see if we can. Get that.
Beverley Watkins: Okay. Three minutes for a tutorial. Is that what I want to do? Start the walkthrough.
Jack Waugh: You can. Do that right now just because I can kind of take you through it. Without you having to go through that. But you can always do that later if you want to, like, get a quick refresher on it.
Beverley Watkins: Okay.
Jack Waugh: But let me. Let me see if I can have you share your screen. And if not, then I'll just share mine. So if you go to our window where we're talking, it's like something now at the bottom.
Beverley Watkins: Is it like a little. Thing with.
Jack Waugh: Yeah, it should look like it has, like, an arrow, like with a computer icon.
Beverley Watkins: That's not what I had. Oh, shoot. Now. Oh, how do I get out of that? It says hi. Thanks for using jot psy. How can we help you today?
Jack Waugh: Oh, I see. So I think you're still on the jot psych window. What you want to do is see at the top where your different tabs are located. Yeah. So you want to go into our window where we're chatting here.
Beverley Watkins: Which is a different. Smart scribe.
Jack Waugh: No, it's a different tab. It's the Google meet link. It'll say, like meet.
Beverley Watkins: Google that one.
Jack Waugh: All right. Okay. Okay.
Beverley Watkins: So then do you see a.
Jack Waugh: That's okay. Yeah. I know. And it's. It's confusing different. You know, it's. It changes, like, platform to platform, too. So there should be a computer icon at the bottom right in the middle. And it has, like, a little arrow pointing up.
Beverley Watkins: Well, I see. And I can't. I don't see an icon with an arrow. Oh, yeah. Wait a minute. Now I do. Okay. Click on that share screen.
Jack Waugh: And then do you see how there's. It has, like, a little vertical list of the different tabs. So you just want to share the one that says jot psych.
Beverley Watkins: Is that supposed to pop up?
Jack Waugh: Yeah. When you click on that little computer icon. You can also just share the whole screen depending on what you want to do. But you should see, like, a list of the different tabs on there.
Beverley Watkins: Where would it be? I'm not seeing it. I got allow meet Google.com to see your screen.
Jack Waugh: Okay. Yeah. So you just want to click that first.
Beverley Watkins: Wow. All right.
Jack Waugh: Y.
Beverley Watkins: Was asking me not now.
Jack Waugh: What's the other option?
Beverley Watkins: Oh, meat. Kim, Etc. Our entire screen.
Jack Waugh: Yeah. I mean, you can do entire screen if you're fine with that. Then I can actually see what you're seeing.
Beverley Watkins: Okay. And then allow.
Jack Waugh: Okay, perfect. There we go. Awesome. So what you're going to do, you're going to go back over to the Jot psych tab on the top.
Beverley Watkins: Okay.
Jack Waugh: All right.
Beverley Watkins: And get it.
Jack Waugh: Yeah. Yep. Okay, perfect. So right here, you're in our record window, so you can just see that little bar to the left.
Beverley Watkins: It's not letting me get out of this. Whatever this is.
Jack Waugh: Yeah. So there's a little arrow down, which is collapse, and then you just click that.
Beverley Watkins: Oh, okay. All right. Okay.
Jack Waugh: Okay, perfect. So this is our record window. So basically, this is where you're going to go when a new patient walks in. And it's meant to be really easy. You just click one button and then hit record. And the only button you have to click is the appointment type button. So that's just like what is this a first time visit or is this like a follow up? So for now, we could just select, like, intake assessment.
Beverley Watkins: Okay.
Jack Waugh: That just tells us how we formatting the recording. Okay. And then see at the top where it says attach client. You can click on that. Now you don't have to add patient names. Some people prefer to leave them blank, but you can if you want to. So you just hit that little plus button over to the right. Yep. Okay. And you can just create whatever name for your client there. The optional fields, you don't have to fill in. It's really just first and last name.
Beverley Watkins: Okay. Perfect. All right.
Jack Waugh: And now you have that patient right there. And you can always pull them up again so you don't have to create it every time. Okay. That's all you have to do. So now over to the right, you see the start recording button.
Beverley Watkins: So just start. Start talking.
Jack Waugh: Yep. Just click that. Okay, cool. So you're all set up with that. Let's let this go for a minute, and then I'll show you how you generate the note. Okay. So after we have about 10 or 15 seconds. Okay, let's. You can hit end recording now.
Beverley Watkins: Okay.
Jack Waugh: And then you'll click that generate note button there.
Beverley Watkins: Oh, okay. Just start recording.
Jack Waugh: So we already did the recording. Obviously, like, we don't have time to go through, like, the full patient session, but that's what it would look like. And it's very quick. Now, obviously, it's not going to create a real note for us here because we didn't actually do a patient session. But if you go to documentation up at the top, I can show you what an actual note will look like.
Beverley Watkins: Yeah. Okay.
Jack Waugh: Yeah. So click on that and then click on. See the notes under that?
Beverley Watkins: Subjective. Yeah.
Jack Waugh: No, it's.
Beverley Watkins: It's where you were before up at documentation.
Jack Waugh: Because this isn't a real note since we didn't actually do a patient session.
Beverley Watkins: Okay. So it went to the soap format. So. Am I going to just notes?
Jack Waugh: Exactly. Okay. And then scroll down a little bit.
Beverley Watkins: I think I'm already scrolled all the way down.
Jack Waugh: I think I could be wrong. I think there's a little more if you keep scrolling down.
Beverley Watkins: Well, it's. It's. It's. It's showing full. It's not letting me scroll down anymore.
Jack Waugh: Oh, okay. That's. Yeah, I'll make a note of that. Typically we have some. Some sample notes in there, but for right now, I guess that's not in there. So I'll show you what one looks like from my end.
Beverley Watkins: Okay.
Jack Waugh: Let me know that you can see this okay. But typically here's what you'll see. Can you see my screen okay here?
Beverley Watkins: So do I need to. What do I need to do? I'm sorry. I'm so go back to.
Jack Waugh: Yeah. I would go back to our Google meet tab up at the top.
Beverley Watkins: Okay.
Jack Waugh: And tell me, can you see this here?
Beverley Watkins: Yes.
Jack Waugh: Okay, perfect. So this is what an example of like a patient note with jot psych looks like.
Jack Waugh: So I'll let you kind of read through this, but here are the different sections. So again, all of this, nothing was typed. It just picked all of this up based on the patient encounter.
Beverley Watkins: Okay.
Jack Waugh: So here's the summary. Chief complaint.
Beverley Watkins: I like it. Yeah.
Jack Waugh: HPI here. So that's the whole. History.
Beverley Watkins: Okay.
Jack Waugh: Any medication changes or continuations, it'll just pick up on that in this section here.
Beverley Watkins: Okay. Okay.
Jack Waugh: Sleep history. Mental status. Assessment. Here's the safety assessment here. And then this is also really cool. We auto match DSM and ICD codes. So that way you don't have to, like, pull those up. We'll kind of suggest Diagnostic codes for billing and the diagnosis based on the. Yeah, right. I know.
Beverley Watkins: I know that's such a huge waste of, like, time.
Jack Waugh: It takes up so much time for people. That's something I've always heard from everyone is like, yeah, I have to look up all these codes. I have to. So, yeah, it's a big time saver. Okay. Follow-up email. We'll just kind of, like, write you one that you can just send to your patient here.
Beverley Watkins: Wow. A friendly reminder. That's pretty cool.
Jack Waugh: Yeah. Yeah. It's just meant so you don't have to get bogged down in all the charting and administrative work, and you can kind of just be there with the patient. And as you see, the great thing about this is if before you're spending anywhere from, like, 30 minutes to an hour on a note per patient. This takes your time down to, like, two minutes, you know, just to review it, make sure it looks good and then sign off on it.
Beverley Watkins: Okay.
Jack Waugh: So once you look it over and it's ready to go, you would just hit this copy all section. Button. And it's ready to be pasted right into your EHR or wherever you're putting the note into.
Beverley Watkins: So I just highlighted and copy and paste.
Jack Waugh: No, you don't even have to do that. There's actually a little button up here. Okay. It just says copy all sections and you would just go ahead and click that. So I'll show you our AI note because I know you asked about editing the note, but just to pause there really quickly, does that all make sense so far?
Beverley Watkins: Yeah, I'm hoping I can remember it all. Is there a manual?
Jack Waugh: There's not a manual. But you know what I can do after we are done with our call today, I can send you a basic thing in our follow-up email, just kind of the basic workflow. But when in doubt, the real thing, you just need to know two things. The record window over here. Is where you go to on the top when a patient walks in. And that's where you're selecting the appointment type. And you just want to make sure that once you finish the recording, you hit that generate note button. Right. So it'll be start recording, stop recording, and then make sure you click generate note after that. And then the only other thing to know is at the top here, documentation and notes, that's where all of your notes will, will show up.
Beverley Watkins: Okay. If I wanted to meet with this person today and just generate a linkedy document, how do I do that?
Jack Waugh: Meaning, like, if you were going to meet with them and, like, record it.
Beverley Watkins: Yes, exactly.
Jack Waugh: Yep. So I'll show you how is this. Would this patient be someone you were seeing for the first time or like a follow-up.
Beverley Watkins: Follow-up cool?
Beverley Watkins: So you would not put it in the record or anything.
Jack Waugh: Gotcha. Makes sense. What you would do is you would go up to this record window here. And then you would select appointment type and you're going to scroll down to progress note.
Beverley Watkins: Okay.
Jack Waugh: So once you've selected progress note, you would just enter the information of the patient. Or if you already have their name there, just select their name. And then you would just hit start recording.
Beverley Watkins: Okay. If I'm not putting it into a record, where does it get stored?
Jack Waugh: Gotcha. Meaning, like, if you're not moving it somewhere else. Yes. Yep. So all of our notes that you generate get stored under documentation and notes up here.
Beverley Watkins: Oh, okay. Would I be able to do it virtually with this person?
Jack Waugh: Absolutely. Yeah. We're meant to work with telehealth. So you can use it over zoom as well.
Beverley Watkins: Yep. Okay.
Jack Waugh: And do you use headphones on the calls or typically no headphones? No. Okay. So, yeah, then there's nothing you have to do. It'll just work as is.
Beverley Watkins: So if I was on zoom with this person. I would do, like, a side by side.
Jack Waugh: Or. Yeah. So basically, you know how in our window here we have our meeting window here, and then we have this jot psych tab that's also open. Yes. With the different tabs at the top, you would just do the same thing. So you would have your telehealth link where you're seeing the person and talking to them in this tab, and then you would open up jot psych in the next tab.
Beverley Watkins: Okay. So I would just add zoom or whatever it is. Yeah.
Jack Waugh: Okay. Yep.
Beverley Watkins: Okay. I can tell I need to play around with this for a while. If I could. I go back to work on Monday, it would be nice if I could. Be ready to rock and roll then.
Jack Waugh: Yeah. Absolutely. I think. I think that would be great. And is there also, are there any other things you'd want to have set up, or does that sound like pretty much the basics of what you would need?
Beverley Watkins: This is it. Okay.
Jack Waugh: Well, I'll show you.
Beverley Watkins: I may. I may find something is. Getting into this. I don't know.
Jack Waugh: Sure. Yeah. And we can, we can definitely, we'll, we'll set up another meeting as you're using jot psych. So you make sure, you know, we can answer any questions and I can remove any blockers. I'm going to show you one other thing also that's really helpful for people. Do you find, like, have you had to spend a lot of time sort of writing clinical documents for patients, like support letters or accommodation? Yes. Cool. So if you go up here to the patient tab, see at the top here.
Beverley Watkins: Yes.
Jack Waugh: And then just click on any of the patients here. See, this little documents button at the, at the bottom here?
Beverley Watkins: Yes.
Jack Waugh: Click on that, and then you can type in any sort of letter you want us to write for the patient. Like, here's an ESA letter. It could be prior authorization. And we'll just write you one for that patient in, like, five seconds.
Beverley Watkins: Holy smokes. Okay. I actually wouldn't want to share all that. I. Nobody needs to know all that.
Jack Waugh: Sure, sure. Yeah. And we can't, again, we can't see any of this information. So this is just on your end. But, yeah, it's a huge time saver, obviously. So it's, it's meant to make it so you don't have to spend all of that time on these tasks.
Beverley Watkins: So if I wanted to edit that, that letter, what would I did?
Jack Waugh: Yeah. So all you would do. Let's see. Let me have it write a new one here. Okay. After it writes it, right, you just click here. And you can edit whatever you want in it. So if you want to take part of it out, you can just delete.
Beverley Watkins: Oh, okay.
Jack Waugh: Yeah, it's all just like a word and delay. Okay. You could also tell it here in this little assistant, like, make it shorter or rewrite. You know, rewrite so it doesn't have these details. So you can also tell it to rewrite it, too.
Beverley Watkins: Okay. Okay.
Jack Waugh: So Beverly, any other questions? Is that all making sense so far?
Beverley Watkins: I think so. I'm sort of a kinesthetic learner. And when I get into it is when my questions kind of come.
Jack Waugh: Come to the front. Oh, yeah. No, I'm, I'm a big believer in that. I think I, I remember they used to tell us about that in school, and I always thought, you know, I think everyone's a kinesthetic order
Beverley Watkins: a little bit, you know, I hope so.
Jack Waugh: Yeah, that's, that's, I mean, really, that's kind of the way you do learn things is by trying them and. Yeah, obviously I can always answer any questions, but. Okay, well, in the meantime, what I can do for you then is I can set you up with our discount month.
Jack Waugh: So that will give you, like, 45 days to keep using jot psych. So does that sound good?
Beverley Watkins: Yeah. How much is it?
Jack Waugh: It's $20 for the discount month on top of trials. Yeah.
Beverley Watkins: Super cool. Yeah.
Jack Waugh: So I'll go ahead and walk you through that. Do you see where it says your practice up here?
Beverley Watkins: Yes.
Jack Waugh: You're going to click that, and then you're going to click your subscription here.
Beverley Watkins: Okay.
Jack Waugh: And then do you see this little ad payment method?
Beverley Watkins: Button here?
Jack Waugh: So you're going to go ahead and click that. And then you should see the stripe window pop up. Yeah. And once that info is in there, let me know, and then I'll, I'll approve it on my end.
Beverley Watkins: Okay. So just put in my card information. Yeah. Okay. Whoops. It's. Oh, I need to tell them which card. Okay. Well, it's not being.
Jack Waugh: Too.
Beverley Watkins: It's a MasterCard. I don't know. It's not. Real. I assume I have to click on MasterCard.
Jack Waugh: But you shouldn't have to. I think if you just enter the card number and all the information, it'll just recognize that it's a MasterCard.
Beverley Watkins: Well, I'm trying that too.
Jack Waugh: Okay. And.
Beverley Watkins: Not. And I've clicked on card.
Jack Waugh: Okay, let me. See there. We're all unshare my screen so I can see yours.
Beverley Watkins: Okay.
Jack Waugh: Let's see. So if you go back to the jot psych window. Okay. Yeah. Take your time. No rush.
Beverley Watkins: How do I do that?
Jack Waugh: It's just at the top. See how they're the different tabs?
Beverley Watkins: Is that the one that.
Jack Waugh: Should be more toward the top of your screen there?
Beverley Watkins: What does it look like?
Jack Waugh: So you know how remember before how you were toggling between our Google meeting and the jot psych window?
Beverley Watkins: Is it the four? It has several things and four.
Jack Waugh: No, it's above that. It's like higher on the screen there.
Jack Waugh: Nothing's above that. I see a click exit full screen. Like if you hover your mouse over a little bit. Keep going up a little bit. And then go over to the left a little. Keep going to the left. Keep going.
Beverley Watkins: Stop sharing.
Jack Waugh: No. What happened is you entered full screen mode. So actually, do you have like an escape button on your computer?
Beverley Watkins: Yeah, somewhere.
Jack Waugh: Okay. Upper left. Yeah. Okay. There we go. So now if you click jot psych. Up at the top with the tabs.
Beverley Watkins: Okay.
Jack Waugh: Note. Yeah. So what you're going to do is you're going to see at the top of those windows, it's one over from that.
Beverley Watkins: To the right.
Jack Waugh: No, it's actually your practice. Yeah. And then your subscription under that.
Beverley Watkins: There's a thing that's blocking that's on top of it. You are sharing your entire screen. Oh, yeah.
Jack Waugh: If you scroll a little bit, it should reposition that. Or you might just be able to catch. I think you can catch the bottom of it. Keep going to the left a little bit. And let's move your cursor. See where it says you. Yeah, just keep going to the left. Just a slight bit. See where those. Oh, yeah. You almost had it there.
Beverley Watkins: You're sharing your screen. Stop sharing.
Jack Waugh: No, don't click that. It's right below it. Yep. Now keep going to the right.
Beverley Watkins: Okay. Right there.
Jack Waugh: Yep.
Jack Waugh: Now your subscription.
Beverley Watkins: Is your subscription. Okay.
Jack Waugh: All right.
Beverley Watkins: Yeah.
Jack Waugh: It's just because that thing is kind of blocking it from view.
Beverley Watkins: Okay.
Jack Waugh: And then you'll click add payment method there.
Beverley Watkins: Okay. Are there any better deals than 150?
Jack Waugh: Yeah, actually. So first of all, you won't pay 150 right now.
Beverley Watkins: You'll just.
Jack Waugh: Twenty dollars for the first. Yeah, but, yeah, actually, if you do annual, it comes out to about 135. So if you decide, hey, I'm really liking this, you know, I want to keep using this for the year. It's 135 a month.
Beverley Watkins: Oh, it wants to send me a code. All right.
Jack Waugh: Okay. And then you just go ahead and click save payment method.
Beverley Watkins: Okay.
Jack Waugh: Awesome. So you're all set there. So I'm going to go ahead and approve you for the discount month.
Beverley Watkins: All right.
Jack Waugh: Okay. Cool. So you'll be all set. So, Beverly, what we can also do is let's meet again in, like, do you think by, like, I don't know, this time next week, you would be able to use this on, like, somewhere between five and 10 patient encounters.
Beverley Watkins: I would think so.
Jack Waugh: Okay, well, why don't we plan on meeting? Let me check my schedule for next week because I want to make sure I can answer any questions you have while you're using jot psych
Beverley Watkins: and my availability when I'm back at work tends to be Tuesday and Friday.
Jack Waugh: Oh, it looks like we actually already have an appointment. Maybe that was another one we scheduled, but it looks like it's for next Friday at 12 30 Central.
Beverley Watkins: Could we do that earlier or later?
Jack Waugh: Absolutely. What time would work for you?
Beverley Watkins: This is a good time. Nine or 10 Central time.
Jack Waugh: Yeah. Why don't we do 10 a.m. central time?
Beverley Watkins: Okay.
Jack Waugh: I'm gonna send that to your email right now.
Beverley Watkins: Okay.
Jack Waugh: Oh, I see that someone else. Let me. That's weird.
Beverley Watkins: Is it. Can I just send you a quick text question if I need to?
Jack Waugh: Is that absolutely. Yeah. You can text me or you can call email any of the above, whatever works best.
Beverley Watkins: If any questions.
Jack Waugh: Yeah. So let me go ahead and schedule you for that. One second. So that'll be Friday the 10th at 10 a.m. central.
Beverley Watkins: Sounds like a plan.
Jack Waugh: Awesome. Yeah. Well, again, really excited because I know you're gonna save a ton of time on notes. It sounds like you've been spending a lot of time on those. So I'm looking forward to hearing how that's working for you and helping you with some of that burden as well.
Beverley Watkins: You know, I just got a text. I have. A somebody I'm supervising for their license. And it would be nice if we could record some of their stuff. Is that possible?
Jack Waugh: Gotcha. I mean, you should be able to record any meeting you want to. It's really just making sure you're logged into the job psych account, your JotSec account.
Jack Waugh: So long as you're in there, you should be able to. Yeah.
Beverley Watkins: Okay. Well, I guess I can figure that out, too, then. Thank. Thank you, Jack.
Beverley Watkins: This has been amazing.
Jack Waugh: Oh, absolutely. Beverly. And like I said, just let me know if you have any questions in the meantime. But otherwise, I'll talk to you on the 10th.
Beverley Watkins: Sounds good. You take care. Happy Easter.
Jack Waugh: Happy Easter to you, too.
Beverley Watkins: Okay. Thank you.
Jack Waugh: Have a great week.
Beverley Watkins: Bye. You too. Bye-bye.