Jack Waugh: Hey, sue. Jack here from jot psych. Doing pretty well in the house. Yeah. So I know we had our meeting scheduled for now. Is now still an okay time? Okay, perfect. If you want to join that Google Meet link, that would be great. That way we can share screens and you can show me how you've been finding everything so far. It should. Yes. Yeah. Should be there in your email. It. Believe it was sent. Looks like yesterday. I can resend it though. Sure. Yeah. I'll go ahead and resend that to you. Here. All right. Should have just sent to you. Sure, no problem. Yeah, sure. Here, let me. Let me go ahead and send that to you via text. Not sure why it's not sending there. The email I had here just to confirm was Sue V I L M eahoo dot com. Okay, well, I'll just send that to you via text. Here you go. Okay. Okay, I'll go ahead and admit you there. Hey, sue, can you hear me okay?
Suzanne: Yes, I can.
Jack Waugh: Awesome. Yeah, well, I just wanted to kind of check in and see how everything was going. It looks like maybe you had a chance to make a few notes with Jot Psych, so just wanted to hear how you were finding everything.
Suzanne: I will say that it took a little time for me to, like, play with it. I mean, the Jaws, like, is great. The problem is when I had to go use my notes, the platform that my job uses, it has to be 2000 characters or less. I have to redo the note two times to fit that criteria. However, it's a really good program. I like it a lot. It works really good. I liked it. It summarized really good for me.
Suzanne: I'm still trying to figure out how to, like, remember how we spoke about last time? How if I want the note in a certain format, like if I wanted to say chief complaint first. I think I got lost when you were showing me that part.
Jack Waugh: Okay, sure. Yeah. I'll go ahead and tell you how to fix both those things there. And any. Anything else, just before we get into that that you were noticing,
Suzanne: I just want to confirm that I have the two week three and first month of $20 that we spoke about.
Jack Waugh: Correct? Correct.
Suzanne: Okay.
Jack Waugh: All right.
Suzanne: And I'll. Think of whatever else I had a question on. But so far, I mean I've been playing with it and so far I've been navigating pretty good.
Jack Waugh: Okay, great. Well, let me show you how to fix those two things you were running into. It's actually a pretty easy fix for both. So I'm going to share my screen if you want to follow along on your computer. So let's see. Ok, so can you see this? Okay, so let's tackle. I know you said you'd like it to be 2000 characters or less, so actually you know what, let's go ahead and tackle the other thing, the chief complaint and all that, like the formatting first and then we can get to that next. So what you're going to do, you're going to. You see note templates here?
Suzanne: Yes.
Jack Waugh: Okay, so you're going to click on that.
Suzanne: Okay.
Jack Waugh: And then you're going to go down. So the first thing is I think, do you remember we're using the psychiatric intake template or do you know which one you were working from?
Suzanne: I think I used the intake one and then I use like different ones because not all of them are intake when they're follow ups.
Jack Waugh: Yeah, sure. So I'll show you how to do this on the intake and then like a progress notes that way you have both set up. So what we're going to do here first you see this little clipboard icon in the upper right hand corner? Try and circle. Yeah. So you're going to click that and then you'll have a duplicate template. I don't know if you already did that before, But it should look like this.
Jack Waugh: Okay, so let me know when you see it. Did, did this screen show up here with a copy?
Suzanne: Yes.
Jack Waugh: Okay, perfect. So what you're going to want to do first is title that something. That way you can like know the name of it. So maybe you can just call it Sue Dash Intake or like whatever you want to title it. That way you can sort of separated.
Suzanne: I'm sorry, can give me one second please?
Jack Waugh: Do you take your time?
Suzanne: So sorry about that.
Jack Waugh: Okay, no problem.
Suzanne: You said I can glide the tiles.
Jack Waugh: Yeah. So what you can do are you. Do you see this kind of area where these pop up like this? Yeah. So you're going to drag that Chief Complaint to the top and let me know, is there anything else you see that's missing from this or anything else that. Or if it's something you don't need, you can also exit out of it, too.
Suzanne: Okay, let me. I think I zoomed it. Okay. I can exit on this side. So you got there by going to.
Jack Waugh: Oh, yeah, no problem. So you're going to note templates.
Suzanne: Okay. Notes and things.
Jack Waugh: You click the first one, which is Psych Intake.
Suzanne: Okay.
Jack Waugh: And then you're going to hit this duplicate button up here.
Suzanne: Where is it? The duplicate.
Jack Waugh: Okay. Yeah.
Suzanne: Upper right.
Jack Waugh: Yeah.
Suzanne: Okay.
Jack Waugh: And that'll take you to this copy here. Yeah. So what you can do is you can retitle that something so you know what you want to recall it. I think there's like a little pen icon.
Suzanne: Yeah, I see that. Okay. Makes sense.
Jack Waugh: Yeah. And then after you do that, you can bring Chief Complaint up to the top.
Jack Waugh: You can take out any sections or add any sections you might need. And then see this little save button down in the lower right hand corner? Make sure you click that because that'll actually save this template for you.
Suzanne: Okay, thank you so much.
Jack Waugh: Yeah. And then let's go ahead and we can do that same thing. Yeah, yeah.
Suzanne: Oh, my God. I do apologize.
Jack Waugh: No problem at all.
Suzanne: Okay, so, duplicates, slide the tazer on, then save. Got it.
Jack Waugh: Yep, that's right. And then if you want to go ahead and do the same thing with your progress note template, that might be a good idea also.
Suzanne: Okay. Yeah, I see that.
Suzanne: Let me ask you a question. If. If, If JOT Psych made a note for me last week and I'm seeing the same patient this week, can it like, can it remember, like, details?
Jack Waugh: Yeah, it's a great question. It should be able to carry over details from last time now. Yeah, you can always train a section to do that. And I'll show you that next. If for some reason, like one section isn't doing that. But yes, it is set up to like be a cohesive thing that remembers past notes you've made with JOT Psych.
Suzanne: I'm going to put it to the test this Thursday because the notes, the notes should still be there, right? Are you in my profile or.
Jack Waugh: I'm in mine, but yeah, all of these are just like. These aren't real patients. These are just like sample notes, but all of these saved. Yeah. So it'll. It won't get deleted. You'll still be able to access them and yeah, it'll still reference that information.
Suzanne: I saw a fake patient in mind in my profile. It was good to have it though because it helped me figure out like, what I was doing when I tried it for the first time. Like, I mean, I went into it like, as a first time because I was at work when you showed it to me. I'm at work now, but when you show it to me, I didn't get to learn it until I actually had to use it. So it's very user friendly.
Jack Waugh: I'm really glad to hear that. Yeah, I'm glad you're finding it easy to use and that it sounds like it's been helping so far. I know the other thing you had mentioned was keeping the character count down a bit.
Suzanne: Yes, yes.
Jack Waugh: So I can show you how to dial that in as well. So if you go. I don't know if you're on your computer right now, but if you want to look at one of the notes that you made, you can go to documentation and then notes.
Suzanne: Okay, I'm not on it, but I'm going to make notes of what you're telling me now.
Jack Waugh: Yeah, yeah.
Suzanne: Documentation, the notes. Okay.
Jack Waugh: Yep. And then you're just. This is how you access all of your notes that you've made with JOT Psych.
Jack Waugh: Okay, so we'll go ahead and click on it. Can be anyone, but something where you're thinking, okay, this section needs to be shorter. It's going over my character count. Just for example, let's say it's this HPI section and that's taking up too many characters for you. You would click in here in the text.
Jack Waugh: And then you see this little AI note assistant off to the right.
Suzanne: You click the text and then what did you click?
Jack Waugh: And then I'm looking over to the right of my screen.
Suzanne: Okay.
Jack Waugh: It says AI Node Assistant.
Suzanne: Oh, yeah, I did see that last time. You just tell it.
Jack Waugh: Yeah. So you say, like from now on or going forward on this section, be more concise. Keep. It shorter, make sure to include xyz. And then you just hit that and it'll actually make that update for you. So it's not going over your character limit.
Suzanne: I think I did do that. Like the second time around. I think I did do that.
Jack Waugh: Oh, okay.
Suzanne: I didn't say for now on. I said for this note. I said something like that. Yeah, for the note second.
Jack Waugh: Yeah, that's probably why I would think, because if you tell it going forward, then it'll actually change the template permanently. So you don't have to do it.
Suzanne: Sorry. Yeah, so. So now I know I have to say going forward.
Jack Waugh: Yes, exactly.
Suzanne: Okay, got it, got it. Thank you for showing me that.
Jack Waugh: Yeah, absolutely. And then just one more thing. I'll mention your record window. Those new templates that you just saved will show up in that from the drop down list of templates.
Suzanne: Say that one more time. Sorry.
Jack Waugh: Yeah, so like when you record a patient encounter and you click the record button over here.
Suzanne: You need a pen. Here you go. You need a marker or a pen? Okay, marker's fine. I'm so sorry. You said.
Jack Waugh: Yeah, just showing you kind of how to, how you would load those templates in. So all you do is when you hit this record window here. And I know we mentioned this last time, but when you select the type of template over on the left side, right. You would just go and find whatever you titled that intake copy or progress note copy, and you'd select that from the drop down. Does that, does that make sense?
Suzanne: That's gonna save me one. Another step that I had to do last time. So I have to make it so it remembers. It remembers the previous information from the patient. Okay, very good.
Jack Waugh: Awesome. Yeah, well, definitely, like first of all, any other questions while we're chatting today or does that pretty much cover the questions you had with it?
Suzanne: I think it covers the questions that I had.
Jack Waugh: Okay, awesome.
Jack Waugh: So I remember last time, I know you had mentioned someone at your practice might be interested in having like a few more providers use job psych. Is there someone you would be able to connect me with it? It.
Suzanne: Okay. I do apologize.
Jack Waugh: Yeah, no worries. No problem. Okay, cool. Yeah. So can you. Are you. You need another. Do you need another minute?
Suzanne: No, but it looks like that might be all the time I have for today for this training.
Jack Waugh: Yeah, no problem. Well, hey, appreciate you taking the time. And I did want to ask you before you hop off today, I know last time you had mentioned someone at your practice might be interested in having more clinicians.
Suzanne: Yeah, I asked her about it. She said we are welcome to get the. The product on her own for now. She's exploring options, so it looks like she may not be ready for that, so.
Jack Waugh: Okay, understood. Well, if that changes, like, you can always forward along my email and send my contact.
Suzanne: Definitely.
Jack Waugh: In the meantime, you know, definitely looking forward. Exciting to hear how much time you're saving using jot Psych because typically, you know, it's anywhere I've heard up to like 10 hours a week from providers, so saved using this. So I think you're really going to see your charting and note taking it a lot easier.
Suzanne: Yeah, definitely. Thank you so much for showing me this. It helped me.
Jack Waugh: Very glad to hear that.
Jack Waugh: Well, thanks, Sue. Have a great day.
Suzanne: You too. Bye.
Jack Waugh: Bye.