Aryan Jain: Good. How are you?
Nathan Peereboom: Good. You're in New York, aren't you?
Aryan Jain: I am in New York.
Nathan Peereboom: Why are you in New York City?
Aryan Jain: What brought you here? I'm at a conference. Or my other words.
Nathan Peereboom: Oh, that's awesome. Hey, do you have any free time in the next day or so? Do you want to come and see the office and meet people?
Aryan Jain: Oh, you're in New York.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, we moved the office to New York. And so I'm actually in Brooklyn yard right now.
Aryan Jain: Awesome. Yeah, yeah, yeah, totally. That's something I'll be free probably. Tomorrow after.
Nathan Peereboom: Noon. Okay. I unfortunately will be leaving the office, but I'm sure that everyone else would, like, love to meet you. So I can all coordinate with Jackson, but it would be great for you to meet the team. You know, if you want to do, like, some work out of the office and just get the vibe of it, that would be cool. Yeah. So. Okay, great.
Aryan Jain: So you guys are in DC anymore?
Nathan Peereboom: No, no, I still live in DC because it's taking me a while to get out of my lease. But no, the company has officially headquartered here, and this is where we're doing all of our hiring and we're saying anyone who wants to join, like, we want to be an in-person company, we want to grind together. You know, we don't want everyone to just be, like, in their little pods, sadly working, you know, divorced from their colleagues. So, yeah, it's fun.
Aryan Jain: It's.
Nathan Peereboom: It's a. It's definitely a better Vibe, like, all being together.
Aryan Jain: Yeah. Yeah, it totally makes sense. Where's the office?
Nathan Peereboom: It's in Navy Yard. Do you know where Navy art is? If you type in doc 72. You'll.
Aryan Jain: You'll find it.
Nathan Peereboom: Also, while you're doing that, I am going to. Find the link for this project. Here it is. Remember, is Alex joining? Also, Adam.
Aryan Jain: Hi.
Adam Harrison: Guys. How's it going? Sorry, I'm just getting situated here on my desk. Did a quick workout. So I'll be out in a second here.
Nathan Peereboom: No worries. There's no rush. No rush at all. So, Arian. I'm excited for this project with you in particular. I think that, you know, Chris and Adam have loved working with you. And I think you and I have talked about this. But probably over the next, like, few months, we're going to be interested in hiring someone at your level, like on a full-time basis. I think that the. Part of what, like, we want to figure out here. The part of what we're, we're trying to understand about you is, like, how much ownership do you want to take of this sort of project? Because I think we know that you're, like, super, super smart. We know that you're technically competent. We know that you're, like, wonderful to work with. There's certain things that we don't have to, like, confirm. But all the work that you've done up to this point has been very, like. Like manager managee. Like, that's been, like, the dynamic. And what I would encourage you to do on this project as much as is, like. Like, socially rational is basically be like, hey, like, trust me. Like. Like I'm like, I'm going to own the outcome. I'm going to think ahead. I'm going to, like, track my. I'm going to manage my own work and what I'm delivering is an outcome. So that's, I would say the framing of this in general. For you. Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: I want to talk about the project. Oh, yeah. Go on.
Aryan Jain: Go ahead.
Nathan Peereboom: No, you said I was going to move on to, like, tactics of the project and, like, the reason for it. But, but, yeah, you were going to say something.
Aryan Jain: No. Yeah. I think that sounds super exciting. I sent, like, this tweet to Chris about anthropic doing something very similar to this, which is like, I was like, it'd be super cool to work on something like this. Do you set this along? I was like, oh, that's awesome.
Nathan Peereboom: For better or worse, you and I are in the exact same Twitter universe. And I know the exact tweet that you're talking about. I'm really stoked about this. I mean, I think that there's a lot here. How much do you know about digital ads in general?
Aryan Jain: Yeah, not, not much. I've never deployed digital ads.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, cool. There is a widespread belief that. Because of how good. The platforms are at targeting. A good digital ad campaign is basically about three things.
Nathan Peereboom: One being really tight about conversion metrics. So making sure that the platform is getting the signal that is attributing their behavior and their audience correctly. And is, in our case, giving like probably. The, the conversion event should be as deep in the funnel as possible. And or it should have like certain differential rewards inside of it that help the platform rationally allocate the spending and the exposure. So that's the one, that's the first thing is you want a really, really strong conversion feedback loop. The second thing that you want is. Like. You want to have a really, really big tight, fast, high quality creative engine where you're rigorously like and search scientifically putting creative out, getting feedback in. And then, you know, learning from that, like having, you know, a really good feedback loop. And then the third thing that I would say, and this is probably really rational, is that you don't want to waste money on ads that aren't working. Because of the N. A lot of this, you actually do get quite a statistically significant response to artwork. Pretty fast. You know, you can get it in like a week. You can get like a pretty good feel. And I guess like a sub point of one of those three points is that. Anytime you can. Instead of doing static imagery through moving imagery, you get a really, you get about a 30% betterment in CAC. And that was always originally. Digital marketing used to be so hard. You used to have to do audience definition. You just have to start with static, get really, really secure about the static and then take the statics and decide what you were going to actually take to a production studio. And it would take several weeks and a zillion dollars. That world is done. Like you don't even have to do static to start out. I mean, you can and we probably should. But we can do moving imagery. We can do, we can be on the cutting edge. In a way that. That was just totally impossible before. Now the caveat. Is that you can actually totally destroy yourself if you get AI sloppy. You know, if the ad, if the language is uncanny, if the imagery looks bad, if you get too loosey goosey with the kind of trading mechanism that's like buying or authorizing spend, I mean, that's a super scary situation, right?
Nathan Peereboom: If you, if you do that. So what this project is, it's a kind of, it's a walk into kind of the dream system that's like the full loop and is like the quant trading desk for.
Aryan Jain: Ads.
Nathan Peereboom: But, but it's something that we're going to be really, really, really careful with because we don't want to dilute the quality of what we're doing just in the interest of speed. So that's the frame. There's, there's a huge amount to learn here, but this is one of those skills where like you get it right in ads and all of a sudden you can do it within product education materials. You can do it with really personalized sales materials. Like, like moving from ideas and text into imagery and something that looks really put together. Like that is incredibly helpful because every tech company is an education company at the end of the day.
Aryan Jain: Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: And education is a lot about content and incentives and all that. So yeah, maybe let's just talk through were you so you obviously have some familiarity here. Why don't I just give you some time to like ask me questions? Cause obviously I could talk till I was blue in the face about this. Um, I really am excited about it. Um, I built like the foundation just to like kind of get us rolling. But yeah, I mean Adam's on the line too. Like why don't you just pepper us with questions and that way you have as much as you need to get started.
Aryan Jain: Yeah, I guess the first question I have is about like. Tracking. So like I said like the meta and the Google. Conversions are not being counted right and then there's like this like thing with the 2FA broken tracking. So I guess. Like how do we objectively measure success or do we just like adjust the numbers based on what we know?
Adam Harrison: Yeah, I can jump in. Nate. So the way we. Measure conversions Nate mentioned like measuring pretty deep in the funnel. So we measure primarily on. First notes after you've created an account. So like your first recording and then creating a note during your trial. We also measure as a secondary conversion event signups. Which is like, you know, just creating an account. So those are the two conversion events that like meta is reporting on Google like that they're optimizing for. So that's that's one piece we collect. We also look at. We have a like discovery survey when someone signs up and they can pick like, you know, meta or Google or, you know, kind of like my friend told me about this or whatever. And that is. Kind of what we use as like more of. The final source of truth or like a triangulation point. Because platforms will double count. Right? Like someone will click on something on meta or they'll, you know, meta also does view through attribution. So if you view a meta ad and then click and convert like within 24 hours of that, that's, that's going to count the conversion. So meta and Google basically double count typically conversions. And so you have the discovery surveys kind of our way of accounting for that. Because that is actually what people are. Like attributing. Their sorry what people are like attributing. Their how they view. Like the reason for what they signed up, which is sort of the most important in some ways. We also have UTM tracking. Although I think there is some. There is some, there are some gaps that we have there in terms of like missing. We don't have attribution for everyone. And then also UTMs are not really like. They have their own issues, right, where you can maybe see something on your phone, but then sign up on your desktop and we're not going to get like a UTM for that, for example. So anyway, we kind of have to triangulate across what the platforms are telling us what the discovery survey is telling us. And then to a lesser extent like what the UTMs are telling us. I think should we be able to get that cleaned up more, we can rely on that a bit better. But as of right now it's kind of like a triangulation between the platforms and the discovery survey. The other thing I'll say here is just like broadly the way. Our sort of funnel is set up is really more like top of funnel and more like, you know, more like lower intent is kind of captured in meta. At a lower cost. And then the only Google campaign we're currently spending money on is a branding search campaign. And we've just found that like the cost per note, so to speak. Of like that just gets us like the best blended cost per lead. We've done more like Google search campaigns that are non branded terms. We've done Google search campaigns that are more like they have PMax campaigns and other campaigns that are more intended to be like more top of fun like more upper funnel where it's like shows up in your email or like on YouTube videos. But it's just like kind of across the industry. It's pretty common for like meta to just be the best. CAC across. It's just like that's just kind of like how it typically plays out. And Google is better for like higher intent. But it's just more expensive in terms of like what you pay per lead.
Nathan Peereboom: I think that we probably want to start out. Just with meta. Just for simplicity sake, you know, get one platform to write. But you know, Google at the end of the day is a billboard company. You know, they have billboards across. The whole internet. That's like part of their business in addition to search. And we do have some theory that there's probably some art overlap between both like art that does well on meta probably does okay. In Google and there will be a point with meta where you start to see decreasing returns. You know, or CAC decay. And so we definitely will probably be in the PMAX world at some point as well. Even if we tapped out search campaigns.
Aryan Jain: Yeah, that makes sense. And I assume like this. Okay, I'm not really sense. Okay.
Nathan Peereboom: What was your, what was your question going to be? Because also, and this is part of like the. Kind of high agency thing that. I would push you towards RN. Like if you, if you have a different theory, like you should pound the table for that and maybe we kick back just out of a need to kind of make a decision. But if you have something that you want to, if there's a tree you want to bark up, just let me know.
Aryan Jain: Yeah, I was going to ask if you like figured out the triangulate. Triangularization thing triangulating the data to attribute it to a user. But I guess we're not focusing on that. Right now. Okay. And I guess like just for clarity, the parts of the system that I guess we know that are working pretty well are like the regression like understanding like what ads work, what ads don't. But like the harder parts are feeding that back into like more intake and generation.
Nathan Peereboom: We have absolutely nothing.
Aryan Jain: Okay.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. Like we don't have like the last time we created ads. We hired a bunch of like creative people like off the internet and it was kind of bumpy. It didn't really work. We didn't have any iterative cycle. Adam has done a great job of creating ads. But you know, it's something where like. For, for all of Adam's talents, he's, you know, he's not an ad like generation engine. You know, he's got a zillion other responsibilities here and like we can't have Adam like building ads every single day. I mean Adam's ads have done the best out of any ads we've run Adam's ads have done the best. Um and I've built ads too. It's just a hard thing that we have to like figure out a way to sort of get good at as an organization. But we don't have any sort of like creative flywheel cycle. We don't have a feedback we've got super strong.
Aryan Jain: So the goal here is a closed loop or do you want human input at some stage of this?
Nathan Peereboom: Human input probably at every stage?
Nathan Peereboom: Like we like initially we need to be like the mechanics kind of tuning and moving and yeah giving feedback. And then at some point that feedback becomes lighter and lighter and lighter and then at some point we're like yeah it's fine just like let it go.
Aryan Jain: Yeah, just let it rip. Okay. Yeah, makes sense. Well and then I guess like on timeline like what. Were expectations on when we want certain things deployed.
Aryan Jain: Or like when this thing goes.
Nathan Peereboom: I would let's see. All right when's the next time you're in New York?
Aryan Jain: Might be a bit make.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay. Because I mean ideally what would be awesome is to like have some in person time on this. I leave tomorrow let's see I have to depart the office at. I'm basically in meetings or traveling after 1pm so I'm free from 9:00 a.m. to 1:00 p.m. But then I've got like. Two and a half hours of meetings and then I have to travel
Aryan Jain: yeah, I would say I'm also probably booked to like 92.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay we can do it async but to answer your question we just want to do it as fast as possible like if we could have this all fully up and running. Monday like at least at a really MVP level I mean I think that would be amazing obviously super hard timeline very very hard timeline. But I don't know what's I don't know what's really hard I like I'm not sure exactly what's super challenging what I would say though is having something. That's a full circle that's totally broken is way worse than having like hey we got from idea to create you know like that link got made and it's good it's really good. Or we got from create to measure and it's good or we got from measure to learn it's good like we want to have something it's all about quality here like we really like really care about quality because we're we're buying ourselves the scale and the speed by the fact that we're using AI to do it. But the quality really really has got to matter. So my advice would be like and I sort of laid it out here. But I would probably start. With creative generation. Because ultimately like. Like even if like once you get like if you could get like two weeks of ads just rolling and then you can give yourself two weeks to build the measuring and regression model then that kind of works, you know. You can also do it the other way around if you're like hey I think that I just want to do a really good analysis of current ads. Decompose them into all their like
Aryan Jain: parts and then build it from there.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah yeah you can do it either way.
Aryan Jain: Yeah that might do it the second way that that's interesting and then I guess how can I get set up with like all the APIs and then access. To what I.
Nathan Peereboom: Need yeah, okay, so I think that's going to be something that Adam is going to help us with. And it's a little bit of a bear I think I think it's a little challenging
Adam Harrison: that harness Nate so I think we should be able to just repurpose that awesome.
Adam Harrison: Okay cool all right I'll message you offline about that
Nathan Peereboom: sounds good Adam do you mind putting that in a chat with all of us because I also need to learn it and I also need to like get into that account yeah for sure.
Adam Harrison: Let me make sure you're also like an admin on the account Nate I'm not sure if you are or not.
Adam Harrison: Okay yeah that would be awesome to get Arian just access to the like a login to the account as well as just like a human you know so we can actually like click around we can do like an analyst you know review to start or if you want to do the full dial like you know whatever you want
Nathan Peereboom: yeah let's start with with analyst just. Actually I should be an analyst too honestly because I mean we're both we're both green but yeah let's start with that you know full read access. And go from there.
Adam Harrison: Sweet yeah I'll get I'll get that over to you guys shortly.
Aryan Jain: Awesome I think those are most of my questions I'm sure I'm going to have a bunch more when I really start.
Nathan Peereboom: Awesome. Hey I do want to make sure that we can have a conversation about this on Wednesday when's your flight?
Aryan Jain: Oh well I was looking at. The circle time. So my flood is I'll end at 11:00 a. M.
Nathan Peereboom: Oh.
Aryan Jain: Yeah so I think should work okay
Nathan Peereboom: cool yeah I mean what I would say is send me pre work so I can like glance at it. And the pre work honestly what I would do is I would just commit something to get like under your name.
Aryan Jain: Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: And then just give me access read only access to git. And let me just like poke around and then I'll have questions and I'll have a sense of like where things are okay.
Aryan Jain: Do you think we could be on Thursday maybe. Are you busy?
Nathan Peereboom: Thursday is my sacred day but we could do it. If that's the day that you can meet. Because I know.
Aryan Jain: I want to be booked into a bunch of beings.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah yeah I know I get it. How about let's see we've got a meeting on Friday could we do an async review on Thursday just because like Thursday my deep work day I just need one day
Aryan Jain: yeah we can do these things fine.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay cool and Arian I'm good async like literally like I'll sit and like I'll chat back and forth with you and like I'll give you good feedback.
Aryan Jain: That's good with me.
Nathan Peereboom: All right awesome. So. I think Alex joined the call Alex welcome back. To unmute. Okay any questions from your end because Alex you're going to be working on this in parallel. Taxing through OHAR nice okay classic Chicago classic. Or else to get him out okay cool. All right Alex is about I feel like I'm a twitch streamer right now so I think I covered what I had in mind okay awesome. All right all right guys. Thank you I'm excited. Thanks Alex and we'll keep our Wednesday meeting so if you want to jump on we can we can chat about yours same thing send send a link to your GitHub repo before so that I can I can look at it. And whatever we can have up and running as soon as possible is going to be like amazing just deadline wise I would love to have this fully up and running before Adam leaves I think you guys probably saw that that Adam is departing and it would be really super if he you know his wisdom and insight could sort of be layered into the final product I think the mandate here is just like let's build as fast as we can. All right beautiful. All right thank you all have a great evening.
Aryan Jain: Yeah.