Jack Waugh: It was good, busy.
Christopher Hume: But are you were you performing?
Jack Waugh: I wasn't performing this weekend. I was actually it's kind of more networking. Kind of stuff. It's always fun. Sometimes it's fun, sometimes it's not.
Christopher Hume: But that is super freaking cool. Well then I guess today I think the main thing I just want to talk about is hear how. The form experiment is going. That is freaking dope that we. Got. Yeah, I spot checked some of those meetings. Two of the four are people who responded to the form and then just signed up on their own. That's awesome. So that's two more people. For the list, but how things been going, what do you think hasn't working? What do you think hasn't been working? I think how I want to break this down, Jack, is like, do we need to change messaging? On the pitch? Do we need to change. Process? And then I also want to know how are. The actual meetings going, that sort of stuff.
Jack Waugh: Yeah, I mean, so I'm finding what's working is definitely the text. A lot of people are booking over text from this list, which is great.
Jack Waugh: I wasn't expecting. Yeah. Yeah, but I'll take it, you know? Yeah. Yeah. So that's pretty cool. I would say the main thing that isn't working, I just am noticing HubSpot, I think is less efficient for these larger lists. I think our quicker island. Yeah, it is taking like more time to call through everything. So that's maybe one thing. That I was noticing is going a little slower. But otherwise, you know, it's pretty much par for the course. Like I've noticed a similar meeting show rate of about the 50% thing that we've always had. You know, as far as these Facebook leads, I think I've had two credit card entries so far. I would say it's like pretty much about what we were seeing, you know, same with when we're going past trials.
Christopher Hume: And how many meetings have you had so far?
Jack Waugh: Let me check on that. I'm not actually sure.
Christopher Hume: So you had Beverly and who was the other person that put in their credit card?
Jack Waugh: Yeah, let me check here. Beverly and Kristen Baker.
Christopher Hume: I actually can't find her.
Jack Waugh: Oh, sorry, Kirsten.
Christopher Hume: Kirsten. Thurston. Kirsten. Kirsten. Very confusing because we also have a custom, an X customer. He's Kristen. Okay, Kirsten. Is a much happier story. Well, not much happier, but at least she's using software a little bit.
Jack Waugh: That's good. Glad to hear that.
Christopher Hume: Sorry, are you counting meetings, Jack?
Jack Waugh: Oh yeah, I think it's five or six total.
Jack Waugh: A couple of them still open. Like people I'm meeting with a second time.
Christopher Hume: So you've had about five or six so far though?
Jack Waugh: Yeah, but I can hear let me make sure
Christopher Hume: I give you an that's good enough.
Christopher Hume: That's good enough. Like I was just wondering like what is our meeting schedule. To. Inputting credit card. Something I want you to try Jack for these upcoming people. Is can we try a pitch in getting and this is what I was trying with Emily too before she started another stuff is like instead of offering them a discount can you say something like hey like if you put in your credit card like don't worry you don't get charged to the end. You can always cancel it. But what we do is I can give you. We can develop two custom templates for you. And like some people find that helpful and like and then it opens up. You can have as many meetings with us as you'd like. Like I don't know I want to work on this together because I just want to make sure that like when people put in their credit card like we're still offering them value. But I am a little concerned about the rewarm thing. And we got a bunch of people who paid like Dr. D'Souza. We're like, oh yeah. And then they like never felt the urge to use it.
Christopher Hume: Like let's sit. Let's see what happens if instead of offering them like money back we offer them two free templates. And then unlimited meetings support team, which we were going to give them anyway. But I think this way it can just like make it seem like more valuable and I think it might encourage them to use the software a little more. And I would just love to see like how that works. Cool. And just like, hey, to be super clear, you could always cancel before the end of your trial. But like this is just our way of making sure there's at least a little bit of interest to commit whatever some something like that.
Jack Waugh: I'm just making a note of that. Cool.
Christopher Hume: And then these people you've met with Jack, they've been mostly solo providers.
Jack Waugh: Right? Yeah, I think I've screened everyone so far for that. It's mostly been people who are solo providers at like a larger practice.
Christopher Hume: Are there so they're actually like part of a bigger practice today? Like don't need any of this stuff. Like don't need like credentialing, don't need billing, but also don't have the sway to get us. A pitch.
Jack Waugh: Right. Yeah. Now Kirsten was interested in Jot Bill, but she's not there yet. It's like six months down the road before she'd even need credentialing. Yeah. So she's thinking about opening her own practice, but I was kind of screening for that and there's no real concrete. Plans there yet.
Christopher Hume: So, okay, well. So would you recommend me make any changes process wise? Like if we want to like make a decision on Friday like, hey, full speed ahead with this or we're killing it, what changes do I have to make to make sure that we're in a position to. Make that decision, just keep using the word make at the end of the week.
Jack Waugh: I'd have to think on that. I mean just at first like off the top of my head, I think as far as like the people were calling that are giving us the most potential money, it would probably be of all the lists so far. Just in terms of like. How much that might that person might actually bring us. But I still think this could be worth it. I mean, it's definitely like yielding a lot of text bookings, which is great.
Christopher Hume: This is like a whole world. That like I can't believe exists. Like there's people who build forms on Facebook and then schedule meetings over text like what? But okay.
Jack Waugh: Yeah. Yeah it's it's weird to see but you know who knows how it works.
Christopher Hume: I don't know whatever. Okay. Oh sorry go ahead no no go ahead.
Jack Waugh: Is there anything you're looking for as far as like success of this or like like a metric you're kind of using to determine that can like kind of.
Christopher Hume: Yeah and it's not I mean this isn't no like. I am looking for us to be like. The expected lifetime value 1.4 times higher than cost. And so you can whenever you want like a report to say like hey how much have we spent on this? And like how much is are we potentially going to make like just let me know and I can give it to you. And so like I'm not sure did you see the report I put in sales and marketing? I can walk you through it.
Jack Waugh: I did yeah I just didn't know if there was anything you wanted me to like be tracking specifically during this.
Christopher Hume: Or I know like I'm I'm tracking it pretty closely. I think I just want like from your perspective like the emotional like oh that means didn't go so well and Chris didn't set me up for success and then we can adjust and we could see those changes in the numbers. I don't need you to be like quantitatively tracking stuff. It's more like, oh like these open like I don't have a good hook for when I call people, but it doesn't sound it sounds like the biggest issue we have is if from what you've told me again qualitatively is that people aren't really picking up the phones.
Jack Waugh: Yeah it just this list is converting more over text definitely so that's a new thing but yeah, it's like I'm almost getting I feel like when I would call the trialers like versus calling these people I'm getting maybe the same number of bookings if not more but it's just more of them happen to be through that avenue.
Christopher Hume: So. And do you are you scheduling follow up meetings with them?
Christopher Hume: Yeah okay that's good because like Beverly and Kirsten they've made like a couple notes but none today or even Friday. So I think we want to keep like. Pushing on them. And I think yeah what I want you to look for Jack is like the big thing that will like decide this is a success or not is if we're able to convert any of these people into. Organizations bigger than one. Like even if we can just convert one of these people into a twofer the whole thing starts making sense like if you converted Beverly in one of her colleagues and one other person basically everything we've done for the past week and a half is going to be like net positive. Okay. That would be my what I want you to look out for is like really push to see if we can get any pitches to colleagues or like and like if you need guidance on like what value we offer to groups and you can get people who are like on board with like, hey, yeah, I'll bring you up to my colleagues like that is like I think over the next week I think it's going to be hard to make this work if they're all solo. But it's the whole point of this is to go after groups just the list is giving us a lot of solo people so we're trying to make lemonade here.
Jack Waugh: Gotcha yeah that makes sense.
Christopher Hume: Are you able to most people put them into a sequence the day they're submitted or like do we need to kind of pull back on that like are you getting too many people right now?
Jack Waugh: I was going to mention that I still have about 40 people so I can keep doing the people who come in as like a different day like that should be okay, but there's still about 40 or so people sitting in the old people no that's fine
Christopher Hume: as long as you're getting people when they submit moving forward those old people at this point they're stale anyway so we'll just reach out to them when we reach out to them. Okay and as long as you're able to put people into the flow the day that they that the day that that task shows up were good. And are they automatically getting put in your flow or now.
Jack Waugh: Yeah yeah it's showing up right in the task
Christopher Hume: so right and attach the call.
Jack Waugh: It's showing up right in the task like it says like enroll
Christopher Hume: when it comes damn it but it's not automatically enrolling them for you.
Jack Waugh: It's not but honestly it's you know it's only five more so it's not too tough.
Christopher Hume: Okay. It sounds like to me Jack there's not much to change right here we're just like need to run the experiment and the only request I have for you is to see if we can get any group pitches or group like just like everything you could do to get a group like that would make this anything from your end.
Jack Waugh: No I think that pretty much covers it yeah I'll definitely. You know keep. Keep kind of screening it and see if we can get a bigger clinic from one of these because that would be unreal
Christopher Hume: like a bigger clinic or if you get someone who wants like our full suite of billing all thing makes sense we're golden. Just if we're only pitching solo people on jot psych I'm going to have it to be very hard for me to have the data to like keep this experiment going with he's probably just going to kill it okay then in terms of the two meetings that kind of you need help covering I'm I don't know if we're going to be able to get anyone for this afternoon or this evening so we might have to call her and reschedule which sucks but I can get tomorrow. Though.
Jack Waugh: Okay yeah there's one I think that was Wednesday
Christopher Hume: Wednesday I'm sorry I can get Wednesday
Jack Waugh: okay yeah the one today I think was I'm going to call them and try and see if there's another time they can do they they only had like evenings but we'll see if we can
Christopher Hume: I can do Wednesday if if you if you need help on Wednesday evening you can check my calendar at plenty of time yeah just today tomorrow early nights I'm leaving the office at 7:30.
Jack Waugh: So that's brutal man. Got a long long workday that's for sure on work days.
Christopher Hume: Make sure. Yeah so I accepted Wednesday and we'll cover it.
Jack Waugh: Okay perfect yeah oh wait you know what they're both the same meeting.
Jack Waugh: So the same person it's the same I didn't even realize that I had a note to follow up with them but yeah it's it's so it's just Wednesday I think 4:00 p.m.
Christopher Hume: eastern oh yeah all right well I've got that one cool
Jack Waugh: cool Also I meant to ask you about that rippling thing
Christopher Hume: yeah so what came through this weekend
Jack Waugh: so I got the normal like
Christopher Hume: hour like you're just base pay but you haven't gotten your bonus
Jack Waugh: but I didn't get the bonus and it sent me a few different
Christopher Hume: things I don't know why you're getting zero but you shouldn't get the shouldn't have gotten the bonus yet anyway because we give the bonuses I mean yours is locked in because March was just a. Like an average month but we don't put those in until the 14th just so we're always like you know for that delay does that make sense this is for oh it didn't come through for February yeah yeah exactly Jesus okay yeah well Nate's not in yet he's traveling but I'll make sure that that's like elevated to him and yeah no worries just wanted to flag that but got two zero zero checks yeah it
Jack Waugh: was like trying to figure out must just be like a weird little.
Christopher Hume: Yeah I have no idea. Okay anything else Jack. No I actually love emotionally your opinion of these these forums like you're I mean I feel like I'm in the weeds you were in the weeds like yeah you were in deep in the weeds do you think this is like viable like gut gut check is the person doing the calls are you like I just kind of waste of time.
Jack Waugh: I think texting them is viable I think calling the highest priority people make sense beyond that. Maybe maybe not but I think if they're booking over text efficiently and then we just call the people who are listing like the multiple providers or whatever then I think it's probably worth doing a little more with and then like having like n pez VR. Main list for stuff yeah.
Christopher Hume: That's awesome that's good feedback here is like. I want to see it sort of work is currently set up and then we'll try to optimize I mean just to completely bias the jury here I might really hoping we can get enough of a signal to kind of get AIDS approval to do this longer term. Because there's like a lot we can do like we can fix the list like the leads are getting in are like medium they're not great they're not terrible they're not great so I feel like there's a lot of places to optimize but if we don't see at least a ROI with this first tranche I think we're going to kind of kill it okay Jack let's actually just do do you have time on on Wednesday morning I started to have a 15 minute check in.
Jack Waugh: So my week is a little weird this week because all of the meetings I'm getting booked were like Monday, Tuesday Wednesday and I was just kind of structuring I have something Thursday that had to be out for and I'm realizing I'm probably end up working like full days on those three days because of how this is what like Friday or.
Christopher Hume: Yeah, so I can do Friday I just want to have a check in do you have time maybe tomorrow after meeting with Rhonda? Just 15 minutes I just want to see how things are going so I don't want on Friday to realize like oh shit I have to present kill got it yeah yeah I can do some more. Check.
Jack Waugh: Yeah look at my calendar today it was like.
Christopher Hume: Dude I'm pretty stoked youd got to beefy beefy boys on the calendar with OB this afternoon. Dr. Sotobi is at a 75 person clinic okay. 70 person clinic. Ians no joke he is a principal and founding member and then next week we have. Dr. Tunde who I think is like the medical director at a 15 person clinic. Yeah he's the president so those are some big clinics.
Jack Waugh: Cool that's next week oh I see that okay yeah
Christopher Hume: and you know the deal but I mean just like the guidance that Nate's kind of hammering with everyone and I'm sure you'll see is like just make sure lead with curiosity like questions until it's awkward at the top of the call so you can tailor the pitch to kind of whatever they need do you have the generic job psych.
Jack Waugh: I don't know if I do actually
Christopher Hume: say this now it needs to be updated it's pretty out of date but like they're not going to know okay. So this like you don't have to jump to the deck like it's questions it's demoing it's getting them what they need but sometimes if they're like hey I just want to overview like tell me everything this is kind of a good walkthrough.
Jack Waugh: Okay are you able to also send the jot bill one here just so I have them both in one I know that's not what we're doing right this second
Christopher Hume: but you can this is again also out of date but you can share you can like walk through this walk through this if it's like hey I'm actually really interested in shop. And then if they want credentialing help. This website kind.
Jack Waugh: Of. Perfect yeah.
Christopher Hume: I'm showing it's just like this website. A little weird though so I'd stay away from it unless like they're demanding credentialing. It's going to like try to have you get credentials.
Jack Waugh: Gotcha okay. All right sounds good.
Christopher Hume: Awesome if anything else comes up Jack let me know I'm chasing down your bonus and then we'll chat tomorrow.
Jack Waugh: Sounds good thanks Chris.