Tamela Harrison: Get some more flashes today and all this other stuff.
Jack Waugh: Right? Yeah, we'll see, I guess.
Tamela Harrison: Yeah.
Jack Waugh: So just kind of wanted to touch base and just see how you've been finding everything with JOT Psych so far.
Tamela Harrison: You know, I'm. I'm learning. I'm still in the learning mode and it's just literally driving me crazy as I'm working with trying to write my notes so that they don't get rejected.
Tamela Harrison: So I keep doing research and trying to figure out the right format of doing my notes.
Tamela Harrison: Okay, I'm starting now, hopefully. I, you know, I've got another patient and the one lady has. She's just been a pretty good trial for me. So as I was doing my research on things, I just, I guess need to do the formatting of the note. And I know now like what it is I'm more so looking for and what I need to have included. And it's the way I had it open, the way that it's written. So I know you said that there's a way to do AI assist in, you know. Right. Changing up the format of the note. So I guess that's kind of what I want to, I guess, figure out or discuss or.
Jack Waugh: Yeah, yeah, definitely. I can, I'm happy to walk you through that real quick. And then I can also show you another thing we have called. We have something called JOT Audit, which actually walks you through how to like what. What exact language needs to change in your note before it gets submitted.
Jack Waugh: That's a new feature this year, so I'll show you that as well. So let me, let me just share my screen here. And other than the note changing, has everything else been working fine for you? Is everything else making sense?
Tamela Harrison: Okay, it's getting, it's getting there. You know, as I do it, I just, I'm just sometimes can be just really hard on myself. So I'm pushing harder.
Tamela Harrison: Yeah, I guess I. And I think once I get that flow, everything will be fine. It's just getting that flow.
Jack Waugh: Right, Right. Takes a little getting used to and it's an adjustment, especially when you start in a new practice and. Yeah, I totally understand that. Okay, I'm going to share my screen here. So basically what you would do for documentation, you have a couple of options. So I'm going to go to like a sample note here and I'll go to. See? Well, this is probably one I could change over here. Okay. Actually, I'm gonna. I'm gonna go back to one. Okay, so on this. On this note here, let's say there was something. Is there something specifically that you're wanting to change in the format or in the. The language of the note?
Tamela Harrison: Well, I. There's things like that I want to add on there as I'm doing the therapy because. Medication, like, medication stuff. Like, more so like the topics. Topics discussed and the interventions.
Jack Waugh: Oh, okay. So let me go to our psychotherapy note.
Jack Waugh: Then this is probably. So were you using this template? There's like an medication with ADD on psychotherapy?
Tamela Harrison: No, I think I just used the psychotherapy.
Jack Waugh: Oh, gotcha. Yeah. So the. The psychotherapy section is down here on this note. So this has been.
Tamela Harrison: Which note are you using?
Jack Waugh: Oh, I was. So I was going to a psychotherapy note, but I was just giving you an option between the two. I don't know if this one looks a little bit more. Or maybe you were just using the intake form.
Tamela Harrison: No, I thought I. I used the psychotherapy. I guess I didn't see the part. Oh, yes, I see. We did the add on psychotherapy.
Jack Waugh: Yeah. So it's at the very. So this is the note here. It's medication, E M plus add on psychotherapy. And at the very end of that template is the add on psychotherapy section.
Tamela Harrison: So that just lists the interventions.
Jack Waugh: Correct.
Tamela Harrison: Focus on the techniques. Okay, so I also, like. Even with the interventions, I need to know. The client's response.
Tamela Harrison: Actually, I think patient's response. Okay. Risk assessment is already. I thought I saw risk assessment on there.
Jack Waugh: I believe it wasn't here. Now if you needed to add it to this template, I can show you how to do that.
Tamela Harrison: Progress on table. Okay. Interventions use client response and risk assessment progress.
Jack Waugh: Okay, so you'd want risk assessment. Assessment in this section here?
Tamela Harrison: No, I just. It just needs to be up above that. Like up. So I.
Jack Waugh: Oh, yeah. Assessment. This might not be risk assessment, though. I think this is just patient assessment. Although it did mention hospitalization. Passive, suicidal. So there is some. You'd have to tell me if that's what you're looking for for that.
Tamela Harrison: Okay, so go up to the beginning of this note. So you have. I have the mental status. Damn. Okay. I really don't need review of system.
Jack Waugh: Okay.
Tamela Harrison: So I have. The history is so more like the subjective objective. Chief complain.
Jack Waugh: Mm.
Tamela Harrison: Yeah. And so when they're coming in for therapy, I really don't need like their whole. I don't need. Because everything has been done in the initial assessment. So I don't need a psych history. I kind of just mainly need to come in. Like I need to do a summary of the session and then what their presenting complaint was for that particular session. So their chief complaints what their. What their complaints were and then kind of go into a subjective than an objective assess. Note the intervention.
Jack Waugh: Okay. Yeah, perfect. So I'll show you how to add that if there's first of all on a template, right. See this edit template button here? So when you can. Oh, that's because this is a. Okay, hang on. I'll show you how to do that. So if you go to documentation and no templates here.
Tamela Harrison: Okay.
Jack Waugh: What you'll do is you'll duplicate one of our templates icon up here and that'll take you to a template that you can actually edit. So I know you mentioned you wanted to see Risk assessment somewhere.
Tamela Harrison: Y.
Jack Waugh: So you just hit add section and then you can type in Risk assessment. Let's see. Or we might call it safety. Let's see. Safety assessment. There you go. And you would just click this add button and then save and it would actually save that to this template. And you could also delete any of the sections here with this little X button that you didn't need in this template.
Tamela Harrison: Okay, so. So I go to. Up to the top to documentations.
Jack Waugh: Yep.
Tamela Harrison: And then go down to templates. Then I'm gonna. After I select the template, I'm going to do a copy.
Jack Waugh: Yeah, it's this little clipboard icon in the upper right hand corner. Corner.
Tamela Harrison: So how will I know which one that I'm working on?
Jack Waugh: Like, oh, because the.
Jack Waugh: The one you've edited will say copy on it. And then in addition to that, you can actually rename it if you want it to be a little bit more clear. You could call it like my template or whatever you want to label it as.
Tamela Harrison: So it'll say copy on it?
Jack Waugh: It'll say copy. Yeah.
Tamela Harrison: Oh, okay. Up there. Okay.
Jack Waugh: Mm. And that's how you know you can actually edit that one. And that's the one you're working off of.
Tamela Harrison: And then where do you rename it so I know that it's mine.
Jack Waugh: Yeah. So see this little right here? There's like a little pencil button.
Tamela Harrison: Okay.
Jack Waugh: Yeah. So you would just click that, and then you can rename it.
Tamela Harrison: Okay.
Jack Waugh: And then. Oh, and then you want to make sure you hit save here in the lower right hand corner. Once you do that, Where did you go?
Tamela Harrison: Okay, so once you were in here to add a section, how did you get there?
Jack Waugh: Now that's if you hover your mouse in between the different sections. Yeah. And I think that should basically take care of most of that. Now, if you ever needed to still edit it further, that's where the AI editor comes into play, and that's where you can go. And basically you click on. Let's say you. You want the summary to be bullet points or whatever you just say from now on, use bullet points on this section.
Tamela Harrison: Okay.
Jack Waugh: And it'll change that and do that for you on this template. But that's only if you need that extra layer on top of that. So.
Tamela Harrison: Okay. Okay, interesting. So I can make my templates the way that I want them and then just utilize mine.
Jack Waugh: So I can go.
Tamela Harrison: Once I create this template, I can go back to my. Note that I. That the recording that I hadn't had and add that on there. Okay.
Jack Waugh: Yeah, you can reformat. Now, it works best if you're doing it on a new recording, but, yes, you absolutely can reformat it. It and output a pass note into a new template.
Tamela Harrison: Okay. Yeah, I know it would probably be better because it will capture the information as it's coming, and I know it's going to be hard to do it right, so.
Jack Waugh: But it still does work, and it should give you. It should give you everything you need there.
Jack Waugh: Just in terms of an ideal use case. The ideal is if. If it's a new do, a new one.
Tamela Harrison: Okay. Okay. I think that was pretty much the only question I had. I mean, other than that, like I said, I'VE been playing with it. I get in there, I look around, and so far, so good. And pretty much looking like, okay, this might work. For me, because I'm not really doing anything else, so.
Jack Waugh: Well, that's great to hear and I'm. Yeah, I'm really glad to hear that you've been finding it helpful. And I'll show you one other quick thing we've also added. I think JOT coach for you would probably be the thing that would be most relevant. But you can take a look at JOT Audit and JOT Coach. So basically with these programs, what we'll do for you is with JOT Audit is we'll actually tell you in the language of the note what needs to change. So basically, if there's, you know, if you output something on the template and there's. It's like kind of like an extra layer on top of the note to make it really perfect. So that way there's like no guesswork involved anymore in terms of what needs to happen in the note before it gets submitted.
Tamela Harrison: Okay.
Jack Waugh: So if that sounds like something you're interested in, I think we give you like 10 of those free. And then on top of that, it's like 20. An extra $29 per month. So you can definitely look into that and give that a try because we'll. We'll give you 10 of them for free so you can test it out.
Tamela Harrison: Okay. So it'll tell me what I need to. Okay. Catch audit risk before submitting claim. Okay.
Jack Waugh: Yeah.
Tamela Harrison: Okay. So I can try that on my note. Yeah.
Jack Waugh: And then coaches, what I believe coach is more for the one, like, if you are just doing like more basic notes. I would start with JOT audit first, though, and I can give you a little bit more information. But JOT Audit I think would be the thing that you would be looking at more. I'll send you an email later today though, with a little more detailing.
Tamela Harrison: Okay.
Jack Waugh: Between the two and. Yeah, okay.
Tamela Harrison: Okay. And what else? Yeah, I have a. Another new so for the virtual. So my patient on Monday is going to be a virtual patient.
Tamela Harrison: Okay, this works. It's no problem with the catching.
Jack Waugh: No. But I'll show you how to set that up to make sure you don't have any issues there. So when you go to your record window, there's a couple settings you're going to want to make sure you do. And it's all. It's these three things above the mic here. So microphone settings, obviously, just making sure. That's really more your system settings. But you're just making sure you have the right mic on your computer selected. So, you know, probably the default is fine.
Tamela Harrison: Yeah, I haven't touched it?
Jack Waugh: Yeah. If you haven't touched it, I would assume that whatever it's already set to is probably okay.
Jack Waugh: And then for telehealth, you're gonna click this headphones mode.
Tamela Harrison: I don't use headphones, though.
Jack Waugh: Okay, you may not need it, then.
Tamela Harrison: Yeah, I'm not using every. Yeah, I don't use any headphones at all.
Jack Waugh: Okay, gotcha. So you probably won't need that. And then the only other thing you would do here is test mic and when you get that little green button that just makes sure that it can actually hear you.
Tamela Harrison: Okay, so how is it going to hear the person that's on the computer?
Jack Waugh: So it's built to work with your.
Tamela Harrison: Your brow.
Jack Waugh: Yeah, yeah, so everything up. But if you have any issues with that, just let me know. I'd be happy to, like, help you, but I don't think you will have any problems with that because this is meant to work with telehealth as well.
Tamela Harrison: Okay. All right then. Yeah. Because I hate to have to do this whole thing and then come to find out I ain't got nothing at the end. But it's an initial assessment, so I'm usually pretty good on documenting initial assessments.
Jack Waugh: Yeah, yeah, definitely. And I'll. I'll. I'll also send you an email later today with all of that information just so you can have it, you know, have it there in front of you, but I'll. I'll get back to you. I don't think there's any other settings you need to do for telehealth, though. I think that's works right out of the gate, but I'll double check that.
Tamela Harrison: Okay. So, yeah, so I don't click on anything once the session starts. It's good to go.
Jack Waugh: Yeah, I mean, so this headphones mode, I think, is just for when you actually have headphones on. So I don't think you'll have to do anything else. But I will. I'll just double check that for you just to make sure. But yeah, I'm pretty sure.
Tamela Harrison: All right then.
Jack Waugh: Awesome. Well, yeah, I'll. I'll send you that email later today and just let me know if you have any other questions in the meantime. And yeah, feel free to explore jot audit and see if that kind of helps you, you know, a little bit.
Tamela Harrison: Yeah.
Jack Waugh: Yeah.
Tamela Harrison: Okay. All right. And then you'll let me know what the purpose of co the Jack coach is?
Jack Waugh: Yes. Yeah, I want to get a little more detail for you on that one so I can give you the difference between both.
Tamela Harrison: Okay, that will work.
Jack Waugh: Okay. Okay, well, appreciate you taking the time and like I said, feel free to reach out if any other questions come up, so.
Tamela Harrison: Oh, okay. Are we gonna. Do we need to schedule another one for now?
Jack Waugh: No, we don't have to. I will just follow up with you and send you that email.
Jack Waugh: And yeah, if you need to have any more questions answered, then by all means, you can definitely schedule another one. But otherwise we can just touch base and check in how
Tamela Harrison: you have your number, so I can always text you. Okay, definitely. All right, then. Okay. Thank you so much. I appreciate your help, Jack.
Jack Waugh: Okay, thanks, Tamo.
Tamela Harrison: Have a good one. All right, bye. Bye.
Jack Waugh: Bye.