Mark Ellestad: Hey Mark. Good, how are you?
Adam Harrison: I'm doing well, thanks.
Mark Ellestad: So I guess what I'm trying to figure out is trying to find a. I mean this is probably what you're getting with a lot of people. I'm trying to find a system to use and I guess I don't really know where to go with this session, with this one. How much time do we have?
Adam Harrison: We have 15 minutes scheduled but I do not have a call after. So we could go for 30 minutes if you. Okay.
Mark Ellestad: I guess the main questions I have is, the biggest question is what is your guys technical support for? Like when, when I need help with questions because I haven't been able to find like there's like a chat bot that helps or at least the one that I've been asking questions. It doesn't seem to respond in the way that I want. Like when I'm writing the note, I'll ask it a question but not necessarily put it in the note and it doesn't respond. So I, I guess I don't, I'm, I'm a little. Is there a way that I can have meetings with people to kind of help me answer my questions when I have questions about how to do things? What's your guys's customer support service like?
Adam Harrison: Yeah, absolutely. So we do offer meetings like this one to go over live, you know, any, any, any questions you may have. We do also have like yeah, the chatbot if you need more like immediate help with. Usually those are better for more kind of basic questions. If it gets too technical or too advanced, we would typically do, you know, a call like this. So yeah, that is our support, that is what we do offer for support and we'll spend as much time as we need to kind of get things, you know, working properly for you. But maybe before we, we go there, would love to, maybe if you don't mind taking a step back a little bit, would love to know more about, you know, you kind of your practice, what your experience has been so far with jots, like what you're looking for specifically and then maybe we can kind of take it from there.
Mark Ellestad: Yeah, so. So I have a private practice, I'm a psychiatrist. I've got a private psychiatry practice, cash pay. And I have found the administrative burden to be extremely overwhelming. I'm very meticulous and so my, right now the way I have sort of my notes set up is, is I have my note but there's a lot of stuff that's carried forward like I copy and paste in a Google Doc that I have for each patient, and it's got everything that I need in it from their admission, from. Different from their intake. So I can like, go back and find things. I. And I know where it's at. And I don't think I'm necessarily gonna plan to change that. But what I'm finding is that I'm adding lots of extra stuff in the note because I've just. I'm just copy and pasting stuff. And I feel like that's not good to have in the note. And also it's just, it's a lot of work because then I have to make sure all of essentially my, my note that I have for patients has to like, look good. And I kind of feel like maybe I can just not care about that as much. And it's got the information that I need. But then the note, the way I'm trying to, the way I'm thinking about using JOT Psych is it'll listen to my session, spit out the note, and then I can just use that quickly as a note to put into my emr. But that's not really necessarily where I'm pulling from things. It would be great if I could down the road learn how to use JOT Psych so it, I don't even have to do that. And it gets all the information. But I find with AI, it, it's. It's crazy what it can do, but is never, it's never spitting out what, what it is that I need fully. You know, it misses things and then if I'm.
Mark Ellestad: And it misses a lot of little things and then if I'm relying on that, then it can get really messy because. And I'm not saying like all, all AI platforms, like for instance, I'll enter in labs into something and like, it'll get some of the labs wrong.
Mark Ellestad: And so it's like, well, I can't use that if it's going to get, if it's always going to get at least a couple of them wrong when it's inputting them. Like, that's not something that I can rely on. And so then I come back to myself. But. So that's, that's sort of where I'm at. But I'm trying to figure out how to relieve the administration burden. Sorry.
Adam Harrison: No, no. Totally hear where you're coming from. And yeah, I think it's a common, common place a lot of people are finding themselves. And so maybe one more question. You mentioned using a Google Doc, but you also mentioned using like an emr. I'm curious, like, are you. What are you using as kind of your system of record to store your patient information.
Mark Ellestad: I use Intake queue.
Adam Harrison: Use Intake Q.
Mark Ellestad: Yeah. So I just copy and paste my Google Doc into the emr. To be honest, I don't even really care what it looks like. It's got all the documentation it needs. But I feel like, like as far as formatting goes. But yeah, I mean, so yeah, that's the answer to that question.
Adam Harrison: Okay, perfect. And one more just kind of curious question. I'm curious like, what the Google Doc step is sort of adding for you? Is that where you do sort of your like, review and edit? And of the note, I'm just curious, why not go directly, like from jot Psych into was it intake Intake queue? Your EMR.
Mark Ellestad: Yeah. Intake. Here's my Mr. I. I don't understand your question. Maybe you don't understand like how I. Maybe I didn't explain how I'm. How I'm doing my form. Like how what my workflow is like, better.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, my understanding from what you said. Yeah. Correct me if I'm wrong, but you said you do the note in jot Psych. So you get the recording, you get the note in jot Psych. Then you would copy paste that into a Google document that you have.
Mark Ellestad: No, no, no, no, no, no, no. Sorry, sorry. No. So right now, not using jot Psych. Okay, sorry, sorry. I'm. I'm having a really bad day. This isn't you, this is me.
Mark Ellestad: I'm having a bad week.
Adam Harrison: No, no problem.
Mark Ellestad: Yeah. Right. So I apologize for my affect. Right now what I do is I use a Google Doc and I copy and paste that and I put it into the note.
Mark Ellestad: My Google dot is very meticulous. It's got all the stuff that I need. My thought is I'm still going to use my Google Doc because I don't trust AI to sort of organize my thoughts the way that I need them organized.
Mark Ellestad: But now my Google Doc will not be. It's not something that I have to put into a chart, so it doesn't have to look good. My thought is I keep doing that, but it gets messier and whatever, it's still there. I can find what I need. And then, and then I can just also record the session and then copy and paste that note and use that as my note that I put into my. My Word document. Sorry, not. Not my Word document into my emr. Yeah. Intake you.
Adam Harrison: Okay, I gotcha.
Mark Ellestad: Okay.
Adam Harrison: And then I think I'm clear now, so thanks for.
Mark Ellestad: And maybe, and maybe like as I go along, maybe I'll be like, oh, this is actually working. And I don't now need to be using my Word document, my Google Doc. But right now like I've. My practice would go to if I just started depending on this. And then I'm like, this isn't working. And now I've lost all this information that I need between patient sessions that I'll forget, you know. And so I'm very hesitant to, to do that until I know that what I'm doing is working. And so then it just adds more work because I'm doing like managing notes plus the Google Doc. But.
Adam Harrison: And is your Google Doc like a. Is that where your polished, like final note lives or is that more just like you're jotting quick kind of reminders or notes for yourself down, like, during the session.
Mark Ellestad: It's my polished note right now. Yeah. But it's very extensive because I add things to it, so it just gets longer and longer.
Adam Harrison: Gotcha, Gotcha. Okay. And you know, I know, you know, AI is like. It's not perfect, you know, for sure. There's, like, things you'll need to review. I'm curious how you're, you know, if you've done a few recordings with jots, like. How has that worked or not worked for you so far?
Mark Ellestad: I mean, I think initially I was like, wow. And then as I've sort of been going through, I'm like, this is not going to be helpful. I mean, like, now it's sort of like, this is not like I'm not going to be able to shift from having to look at my Word document and be able to use this for my own personal reference. This is literally just going to be note, hopefully that I can just safely put in the chart and it can be my documentation. But as far as what I need to remember and I need to do, it's. It's not doing what I feel like it needs to do. Okay, which is, which is, which is the disappointment. Yeah. And part of it too though, is like, maybe it's because I'm not creating the templates like the way that I need to do. I mean, right now it's pretty generic, you know, and so I don't know. I don't know what your guys is because I haven't been able to figure out how to even create my own templates. I don't know what that will do. But my worry is, what I don't want to do is I've been putting off this AI thing, but I feel like I need to figure out how to integrate it. But what I'm worried about is I'm going to pick one and put all this time into it, and then it's not the one that I need.
Mark Ellestad: And then it's like, I've done all of this work on creating templates and it's still not where I want it. Should I have gone with Heidi? You know, should I have gone with this one? And, and so I'm not saying that to be like, I might go to Heidi, you need to get my business. It's like that's just sort of what's going through my brain. Yeah. And. But I don't. I didn't like Heidi. When I was working with Heidi, Heidi was the first one that everyone's just kind of talking about. And. And then this one kind of popped up because I was. Someone told me about it. I never heard about it. And then I was putting into chat GPT and chat, putting like what I wanted out of an emr. Because another thing that this one does is. And I haven't really had to have this experience yet, but it. I was told that this one looks at previous notes.
Mark Ellestad: So it's not just like analyzing what that session was, it's pulling from that chart. And so, you know, that, I think, is very important because then. Then what is it doing? It's just like that session. It's not remembering things like that to me, doesn't seem like a good. A good system. Yeah. So, sorry, I'm giving you a lot of I'm helpful context.
Adam Harrison: Yeah.
Mark Ellestad: And grab some water. But I'm right here. You can chat.
Adam Harrison: You can talk. Okay. No. No worries. I'll. I'll just wait a minute.
Mark Ellestad: Okay. Sorry.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, no problem. Well, I can definitely help to answer some of your questions. I can walk you through. I think it would be helpful to spend a few minutes walking through templates, and we've made it quite simple to customize or. Upload your own template. So I think we should spend like maybe five minutes or so on that before we do though, just to make sure that's like, helpful for you. If you don't mind getting into some of the nitty gritty about what you didn't like about your job site note or why you felt like, hey, I still need to actually maintain my Google Doc because this isn't providing me the information I need. If you're, you know, if, if you're willing to get in the nitty gritty of like, some of those specifics that might help us actually, like, customize your template in the right way or. I just want to make sure I'm like, being helpful to you on this call.
Mark Ellestad: I can't get into that right now. My brain is. I'm having a terrible day. I slept bad last night. I'm really stressed. So I know this is not helpful, like, for what I'm trying to. I know what I'm giving you is maybe not super helpful. I mean, let me pull up my notes from yesterday. I slept terribly, so my brain's just not functioning. I mean, the main questions I have are like, I'll just go through the questions that are important for me. So the main, most important thing is I'm very bad with tech.
Mark Ellestad: And so the nice thing about Intake Q is I've been able to set up meetings with them and get things going. So, like, if I have questions like, what is. What is your meeting turnaround time? Like, if I, if I need to meet with someone, does it take a week? Does it take two weeks to meet with someone? Is it the next day?
Adam Harrison: Yeah, it's. So we have like a calendarly meeting, which is, I think what you should use for, for this meeting. It's. It's usually like a day or two.
Mark Ellestad: Oh, okay. Okay.
Adam Harrison: So that's.
Mark Ellestad: That's quite reassuring because that's hard when you have a question and then you put it off and then it's two weeks later and you're like, I don't remember what the issue was.
Adam Harrison: You know, you. If you send us like an email support at Jotsy, we'll get back to you same day. And if you need a meeting, normally it just takes like a day or two, depending on like how many meetings we have at any given time. So, yeah, we try to be like, do I.
Mark Ellestad: How do I sign up? Do I sign up on calendly or do you guys.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, there should be. There should be. Well, I'm curious where you found the link for for this meeting.
Mark Ellestad: I don't know.
Adam Harrison: I think you guys. I'll just send you the link in the chat so you kind of have it for future reference.
Mark Ellestad: Where's the.
Adam Harrison: In the Google chat.
Mark Ellestad: Okay, now I'm just grabbing it.
Adam Harrison: So I'll send it in a second here. But probably the easiest thing is you can just email supportopsy.com and then they could, you know, they can schedule it for you there if you need anything. So those two. Most Importantly, I think supportancelake.com is kind of your. Your place to go. You can also go through the chat bot on the website and that.
Mark Ellestad: I mean, I guess, I guess what I'm doing though is like I'm just in my brain, I'm just trying to think about how my day operates and it's a lot easier for me to not go back and forth with email. Yep. Versus just if I can go to Calendly and schedule.
Mark Ellestad: So that option to do it. So if I go to that link that you just sent, that would be a way to do it.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, that's. You can. That's just. That's probably the easiest way, you know, you want to do.
Mark Ellestad: Is there a way to. What's been helpful with intake? Q. How much time do you have?
Adam Harrison: Sorry, I have another 15.
Mark Ellestad: Okay. Is there a way to. And is there a way to meet with the same person or figure out who you're meeting with? So. So you're see a continuity or is that hard to do?
Adam Harrison: It's. It does tend to rotate. There's only like a few of us, so. But I'm happy to like stay tagged to you especially as you're like getting started. So we can even like schedule a meeting for next week at the end of this call.
Mark Ellestad: Okay. Might even want it sooner.
Adam Harrison: I don't know. Friday we can do, you know, tomorrow.
Mark Ellestad: Yeah. Okay. So let's see. What does customer service like? Sorry, I'm just going to go through my.
Adam Harrison: My question.
Mark Ellestad: Yeah, go through it.
Adam Harrison: Go through.
Mark Ellestad: Or could you maybe review the templates with me real quick?
Adam Harrison: Yeah. Do you want me to do that now or you want to run through your questions first?
Mark Ellestad: Let me, let me just go through my questions that I. What language model are you guys using? Large language model or whatever they call it.
Adam Harrison: Oh, it. I have to check the latest. I think we. We use like a combination of different ones, depending on whichever one is like the latest and greatest. So let me. Let me get the. Let me make sure I get you the updated answer. So I'll just ping in the art slack and get back to you.
Mark Ellestad: Okay, that's fine. It's not. That's not a huge question. I was just curious. When I'm correcting a note, one thing that I realized is like I'm having to type it in. Is there a way to. I mean, like, so when I was, when I was doing my notes, like the way I've been doing them is like I have the session with the patient and then this patient leaves and then at the end. I've been trying to, like, tell it the important features that I want in the note. Is that a good way to do it, or is it better to, like, input it in the chat? Because also, I was wondering, like, it's a lot easier to talk and word vomit things out than, like, type word vomit things out. Yeah. And so was there a way in the. When I'm doing the note, is there a way to just to input, like, the typing, like, talk responses to things? I didn't see that option.
Adam Harrison: Can you give an example of what you might be looking for? Is it like, oh, I want this section to include this thing.
Mark Ellestad: Like. Like, for instance, you know when you've got the note and then it says it's got the AI note assistant on the right.
Adam Harrison: Yeah.
Mark Ellestad: And then it's asking you to describe how you'd like. How you'd like this note changed. You have to type it in. I was wondering if there's an option to, like, talk. So then it's kind of adding things. You know, I can kind of like scroll through and be like, I don't like this here. I don't like this here in the cheap complaint section. I don't like, like, no lexapronies to say 10 milligrams, not 5 milligrams and just kind of go through versus, like, piping. And then, like, I feel like it could just be a lot faster if I'm doing it that way, if I'm making changes. Yeah, that, that. Is that possible?
Adam Harrison: We don't have that right now. It's a good. It's a good request, though. I'm going to write a note now to our product team and see, you know, where that is on our roadmap.
Mark Ellestad: Okay. What was the other question I asked you just then or
Adam Harrison: I can't remember the LLM we use.
Mark Ellestad: No. Okay, that's fine. And then when I'm setting up templates, other ways to make it so there's certain things are always carried forward.
Adam Harrison: Yep. Yeah, I can go through that when we talk about templates in a minute. Okay.
Mark Ellestad: This is just kind of a random question, as I was. I mean, it's not actually that important of a thing, but, like, when I was trying to, like, copy and paste the note, there are some sections that I don't want to include and I was having to, like, there wasn't a way to, like, check each section that I want included. And maybe there is, but I just wasn't seeing it. Is there a way to do that?
Adam Harrison: There is. I can walk you through that when we go to the templates.
Mark Ellestad: Okay. Yep. And this is probably just how to set up the templates. Like my EM and add on psychotherapy note looks very different than the progress. Like the. The psychiatry progress note. Yep. And I didn't like that. But I'm sure the templates that you can change that. Right?
Adam Harrison: So you're saying you want them to look different? Different or you don't want them to look different?
Mark Ellestad: Well, I didn't like. It was like. It was like I liked the psychiatry note, and then when I changed it to an E M with the add on psychotherapy, it like changed the psychiatry note around. And I feel like there's a easy way. Like, I all. I just wanted to sort of like it could just add on that last section to like, make sure that it can be billed as an ENM plus psychotherapy, like a 99214 plus 90833 or 90836. You know what I'm saying?
Mark Ellestad: And it was. And it was like changing it so much. And I'm sure just having a different template would work for that.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, let's go through that when we talk about templates.
Mark Ellestad: Okay. And then is there a way to upload my past notes into the system so it knows the history of the patients? Of the. The patient? Because, like, you know, there's a lot of history with current patients that it doesn't know. Is there a way to upload those notes? So it has that.
Adam Harrison: Yeah. Another good question. We don't have that right now. It is like a request we get though. So it's somewhere on our roadmap. But, like, as of right now, today, we don't have that option.
Mark Ellestad: Okay. And is there a way to upload, like, other documents, like labs. That information?
Mark Ellestad: So labs, for instance, like with LabCorp, like, if I download the PDF and then put it into the.
Adam Harrison: Yeah. So we don't. Right now you can't like, upload past labs. But I'm curious, like, what, What's. Why is that important to you? Just so I can relay it back?
Mark Ellestad: No, I mean, well, it's important because I have labs and like, I might not want to, like, like, I mean, I have labs in my note. So like, I'm putting in. I'm asking patients to get labs.
Mark Ellestad: And then, you know, there's no way it's going to see it and incorporate into the note unless I actually say it aloud or upload the document. Isn't something that people have brought up before. I feel like that's.
Adam Harrison: Yeah. So, so sorry, I think I misunderstood your question, which was. So what you can do with jot psych is you can, like, probably it's just easier if I show you this live, like after we go through the templates part of the thing, rather than trying to explain it. But you can, like, create a lab form based on the note and the encounter.
Mark Ellestad: It's not like I'm trying to create a lab form for the patient. Are you talking about a lab form that patient can take to the lab? No, I'm talking about the results of the labs being in the note. Okay.
Adam Harrison: Lab results. I see. I see, I see. Sorry. So, yeah, we don't, we don't have that currently. No. We will track like diagnoses and like test results if you use our forms functionality with like GAD7 or PHQ9 or other assessments but. And medications that they're currently taking. But we don't currently track like lab results. So it's a good. That's another good point of feedback. Yeah.
Mark Ellestad: Okay. That's all my. That's all the questions I have.
Adam Harrison: Like if you want to make. Okay, perfect. So I'm just sending out. Some of your. Let me share me. Sorry, one second. I just want to capture all your questions and make sure I get back to you on. On all of them results. Okay, perfect. Let's. Let's jump into jot psych now and I can walk you through the different options for templates so I can share my screen. Give me a second here. Too many tabs open. Okay. Okay. Can you see my screen? Okay. Okay, perfect. So with templates, a few different options here. We have pre built templates. So I think you've played around with some of these. Like our psychiatric intake template. We have a progress note template. We have the EM add on psychotherapy template. I think this is the one
Mark Ellestad: you said you got to this via clicking on the documentation.
Adam Harrison: This is via documentation.
Mark Ellestad: Okay.
Adam Harrison: Yep. So they're all. All these are here. You know, these are kind of the out of the box templates. So you are not like restricted to these. But we like to give people like a set of standard ones to start with. Which ones of these have you tried? Do you mind reminding me?
Mark Ellestad: I did the psych intake, the psych Progress, the E M + add on psychotherapy. I don't know what the. Why are there two different ones?
Adam Harrison: Oh, this is because I have a test account and I've duplicated and played around with these. So you'll see a lot of. There's like a lot of. I have a lot of templates in this account. Okay. And your feedback was hey, this template, actually I want this to be more similar to the psychiatric Progress.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, like you want a progress note with just a section on the end for add on psychotherapy. I think that's like what I'm understanding from what you said.
Mark Ellestad: Yeah, like I wanted it to look more like the progress note, but then. Yeah, it just has.
Adam Harrison: That has this one section at the end. Yeah. Okay, great. So a few different options for templates. You know, you can like browse. We have all these like, there's a huge library of templates that you can browse. You can kind of like build it from scratch if you want in the software. I wouldn't recommend that unless you really want extreme, like control over every single section and what it's going to look like. It's a little more time consuming. What I would recommend actually in your scenario. Sorry, I'm just going to come back here to templates is template builder. And what you can do here is if you have like, what I would suggest is pick your gold star best in class note in your Google Doc and just download it as a PDF or Word Doc or whatever. Or you can even just copy paste it here and if you upload your template here, will generate the template in that format and be. And if you also include like the content of the note, we'll know like how you want each section actually formatted. So, you know, everyone is like, different about notes. Some people are like, ah, whatever, it's a note is a no. Others are like, no. I actually really want my note to contain certain things not only for insurance, but also for myself and how I practice and things that I want to go back and reference later about that patient. Sounds like you're more in the latter camp. So I would recommend like giving this a try and seeing if that gets you a note that is like better calibrated to what you, what you want so you don't. You won't have to like maintain those separate systems.
Mark Ellestad: Okay, Great.
Adam Harrison: Any questions on that?
Mark Ellestad: I mean, I guess like making templates though, it's like, it's, it's more complicated than like, like, how do you, how do you. Like when you have a section, it's, it's not as simple as like, like, because it's, it's like how do you let it know that what it's listening to it needs to go in that section? Yeah. You know what I'm saying?
Adam Harrison: Totally.
Mark Ellestad: It's abstract. I don't, I don't quite know if I'm like explaining that.
Adam Harrison: Right. No, it's a great question. So it's a lot of the, It's a lot of how our product and engineering team has constructed the prompting of the AI and it's. Gets like very technical, but essentially, you know, it's able to like read the transcript of the conversation and then know like be able to kind of go through and know which parts to put in the hpi, which ones to put in, like the social history and, and then maintain like coherence across those sections. So it's not like it's, it's just comes down to like the configuration of the AI in terms of the prompting that's being used and the templates that are, that are kind of set up. So I know it's like a little bit of a hand wavy answer, but I would definitely encourage you to just like give this a try and see if it gets you like a better result.
Mark Ellestad: I know we're at time. I don't want to know.
Adam Harrison: I think I have, I have a few more minutes if you, if you, if you're still good.
Mark Ellestad: Yeah. If you just want to keep like kind of going over things to do.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, yeah. So that is templates. So even after you have kind of a note, you can use this AI assistant and this can make changes to either the note or, or the template. Right. So you can make changes to like this assessment and plan or you know, you could make changes to like the overall construction of this. So I could say like this is missing an hpi, right. So I could say add an HPI section and then it will add this HPI here. Right. So you know, I could either accept that or reject it. So I don't know if you've used this kind of like this chatbot thing much on, on the
Mark Ellestad: left hand side a little bit. That's, that's what I was saying about how it'd be really helpful if you could just talk dictate.
Adam Harrison: Yeah. Yeah.
Mark Ellestad: What's the audit? This.
Adam Harrison: So this is a little bit different. This is more. This is a, an add on that we have that helps to like. Basically it's called JOT audit. It's like a newer offering. Basically helps to make sure that you're like staying in compliance with. So that should you get like audited, your note is like audit ready and that the note is constructed in a way that is like very payer friendly. So that is like kind of a separate add on that we can definitely talk about, but like it might be better for a later conversation. Yeah. Okay. And then one, a few other things I want to show actually about the recording screen because I think this might help to answer some of your, some of your questions and concerns. So one thing you can do in a recording is, yes, you know, you can click record. This will record your session. I'm just going to let this go because it needs to get to at least I think, 20 or so seconds before it will actually save. So you can definitely turn this on at the start of your session. It'll run. It'll collect the full transcript in the background, and then, you know, once you're ready, you can stop.
Mark Ellestad: Do you guys recommend at the end, sort of summarizing for the AI so they know the important points?
Adam Harrison: Yeah, so that's one. If you're finding the note, like, isn't quite what you want, or you just want to really emphasize a few things in particular, you can either do that at the end or you can add a second recording. So you can add as many recordings as you want. So you could say, like, you know, hey, this patient, you know, has XYZ going on. And these are some, like, points about the visit and the psychotherapy that was conducted and, you know, the, you know, whatever, and you can add that as a second dictation. Alternatively, if you have, like, a separate place where you're taking notes, like in your Google Doc, if you're kind of jotting things down that are maybe a little rough, like live in the session, you can also click the plus button and like, copy paste any notes in here. And that'll also be included as context into, into your final note. So, so those are a few things. Like, the overarching thing that I really heard from you is, like, you really want the note that comes back to be very robust and exactly what you're looking for. I think the things that would help with that are, you know, doing the recording, doing a, you know, very quick dictation afterwards, if there's anything you want to emphasize.
Mark Ellestad: And how do you do that? You just, you just click the add button right there. So you, so you end the note and then you do an add button.
Mark Ellestad: Yeah, you click the plus. So you end the recording with the patient and then you click the add.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, you click plus. And then you can copy and paste any, like, notes. And if you wanted to include, like, you can include anything in here, like lab results.
Mark Ellestad: Sorry, sorry. Can. Can you close that?
Adam Harrison: Yep.
Mark Ellestad: You, you, you have that second recording there. How did you do that?
Adam Harrison: Yeah, so you just click start recording. It's going to create another recording here. And then, um, once you're done, you can click Stop. And then it just gets added down.
Mark Ellestad: And how does it know that it's all part of that same encounter.
Adam Harrison: So this, right now, we haven't created a note. So this is all just one encounter. So this is like Jane Doe. We're going to use, like an intake template for her. And these, these are like all the things I want included in this one note. There's like, let's say this is the 60 minute recording of the conversation. Then I did like a short dictation afterwards for two minutes, just emphasizing a few points. I could also say I'm just going to delete some of these because what if you.
Mark Ellestad: Sorry to interrupt.
Adam Harrison: You just have a call.
Mark Ellestad: What if you. What if you generate the note and then you're like, oh, shoot, I want to maybe talk to the AI a little bit more and I want to add this other note in here. Can you go back and then regenerate the note? Can you go back to this?
Adam Harrison: So you can't come back to this screen, but what you could do is just use the, like, AI chat thing and that should work.
Mark Ellestad: Then you couldn't. You couldn't talk to it, though, because you can't talk into the AI chat.
Adam Harrison: Oh, I see what you're saying. Yeah. So it's really probably best to, like, do.
Mark Ellestad: Save it for later until you're ready to. You have everything there.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, get everything you want in here and then you could save it for later if you want and come back to it and you could find it on the schedule when you're ready to generate it. But normally I recommend just get whatever context you want and then click Generate Note.
Adam Harrison: And then you should get a pretty robust node after that.
Mark Ellestad: But once you generate it, there's no way to then come back and add things here to this encounter.
Adam Harrison: No, not really. You can generate the note in a different template. For example, let's say I accidentally did this in this template, which is very short and isn't actually what I want. I could just regenerate in a separate template. But you can't, like, go back and really add another. Another recording. What you could do if you wanted to do,
Mark Ellestad: like, multiple notes for the encounter. If you're, like, trying to figure out which note you want to use.
Adam Harrison: Yeah. You can have as many notes as you want for a single encounter.
Mark Ellestad: This is having problems with that just now with the patient. I don't remember why, but I think because I was like, oh, I want to go. I did the ENM one. I was like, I don't like this note. And so then I went back to the other one, but then it was like disappearing or something. I don't know.
Adam Harrison: Okay. So, yeah, what I would recommend for the EM note is, like, for that template. So let's just say you like this progress note template, but then you want to add, like, an EM section. You could come in here to documentation note templates, click on the progress note, and then you could just add, like, plus a section here and let's see. Yeah, it's right here. Add on psychotherapy. So you could just add that and then boom, now you're done.
Mark Ellestad: Click on the psycho. The psychotherapy thing that you just did.
Mark Ellestad: So, like, how do you. How do you, like, if I want. So this is a section that you guys have that you can. How do I generate if I want to make my own section? How do I know what commands to tell AI to do? To pull certain things? You know what I'm saying?
Mark Ellestad: That was kind of my nebula question back, but I don't. I guess I don't quite understand AI well enough to get it, but, like. When you're tra, sort of training what you want in a set in a section, how do you do that?
Adam Harrison: Yeah, so it would really happen pretty much through this kind of chat on the side is really where this is going to happen. And you can really just be very direct and like explicit of what you want. Like you know, make, make the chief complaint shorter or don't, you know, and don't include. Maybe you don't want to include substance use for some reason. I don't know why. But you could do that.
Mark Ellestad: When you're doing that there though, is that gonna, when you're doing that, is this like, okay, this is gonna be that one time in the chief complaint or are you training it to do it universally? You know, like. Because sometimes you might want to put something in there and it might not be something where you really want to train the AI to do it might be just be this one time with it. Or sometimes you want to be like, this is really annoying. I keep having to like tell it to do this and then you want to train it, but sometimes you don't. How do you stipulate here that that's what you're doing or not doing?
Adam Harrison: You see what I'm saying? Great question. Yeah. And totally like super common. So you can see here I like, I asked this question and then the assistant, you know, told me like I applied those changes at the bottom here. Ask me like do I want basically like a one time or an ongoing thing?
Adam Harrison: Like is this just a one time edit? So if I don't, if it's like a one time thing, I can just say no thanks.
Mark Ellestad: Is it always going to ask you that then
Adam Harrison: it'll ask you like whenever it's. Whenever it like is. Is a relevant question. Yeah.
Mark Ellestad: Yeah. Okay.
Adam Harrison: So you can just. It won't train it unless you click on train it. So you know what I mean? Like you don't have to click no thanks every time. What's important is like if you actually want to train it, just click on train it. Otherwise it's going to assume you don't want to train it.
Mark Ellestad: Okay. Again, like I know I don't have anything else for a while, but I know that you're, you have, you know, maybe other people to see.
Adam Harrison: Okay, well Mark, what I would love to do actually is maybe schedule like a follow up sometime. Like maybe either later this week or early next week or whenever works for you.
Mark Ellestad: If we could do this week. I think maybe today. Today is really light for me. Something I'm going to maybe try to, like, play around with this. Um, and then tomorrow is also really late for me. Is there a way I could meet with you, like, tomorrow at some time? I know it's kind of zoom.
Adam Harrison: Yeah. Yeah. Let's see. What is. What does your calendar look like tomorrow?
Mark Ellestad: I'm. I'm free all day except one to two. Like I'll say, I'll say one, one to one to three tomorrow.
Adam Harrison: Okay. Do you, do you want to meet like in the afternoon then after you've had a chance to kind of like play around with things later today and like tomorrow morning?
Mark Ellestad: Sure, but do you have, do you have time tomorrow afternoon?
Adam Harrison: Yeah, I have between three and four open. So I could do like if you finish at 3, I could do 3. If you want like a breather, I can do 3:30.
Mark Ellestad: Why don't we do 3, 3 o'.
Adam Harrison: Clock.
Mark Ellestad: Okay.
Adam Harrison: Yeah.
Mark Ellestad: And then, and then you'll send me a calendar? Yeah. Okay. And then the best way to get a hold of you guys is through the, that, the email.
Adam Harrison: Let me put it in the chat again.
Mark Ellestad: I see the support at jot Psych.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, support at jot Psych. And let me, I'll, I'll send you, I'll send you the calendly link like over email so you can like refer back to it. Is that, is that best?
Mark Ellestad: Yeah.
Adam Harrison: Okay. So that way you just like can search for it if you need it. So let me make sure I get the right email for you. It's the same one on here, right?
Mark Ellestad: I don't know that. Marklisted psychiatry.com.
Adam Harrison: yeah, yeah, yeah, let's do that. Okay, send. Okay, so I just sent that and I'm going to reply here with the link for scheduling the jot Psych.
Mark Ellestad: So just so I'm, I'm in Seattle. So what time?
Adam Harrison: Oh sorry, I was thinking East Coast.
Mark Ellestad: So yeah, just pop up on my, on my calendar. What do you have? Do you have anything and you might not. Do you have anything after like 2, like 5:30. Are you on east coast time or are you done at that time?
Adam Harrison: I'm on east coast time.
Mark Ellestad: What's the latest you can do tomorrow? East coast time?
Adam Harrison: I do have like late meetings tomorrow. I could do 6 o' clock Eastern. Is that, does that work?
Mark Ellestad: 6 o' clock east coast time.
Adam Harrison: Oh, sorry, let me, hold on, let me send this to you first because it's blocking my calendar. I could do. Well, yeah, you free up at three, right?
Mark Ellestad: I could do six o' clock east coast time because that's the time that I thought we were going to be doing. But I recognize that that's, that's late for you. So you know, if that doesn't work I can do a different time. I just wanted to clarify.
Adam Harrison: Ah, no, that works. I think I'll be working anyway, so let me just update the invite. So yeah, let's do six o' clock Eastern. That way you have time throughout today, tomorrow to kind of play around. And I'm sure you're going to have more questions, okay? And then did you get that calendar invite?
Mark Ellestad: I did, yeah.
Adam Harrison: And it should be the right time now.
Mark Ellestad: Yes. Thank you so much. Okay.
Adam Harrison: Okay. And then you should have also gotten. I just sent you a separate email with the calendly link. If, like, later on, later on, you need to, like, schedule additional time, you can use that, like, on an ongoing basis. Okay.
Mark Ellestad: Okay. Thank you so much.
Mark Ellestad: I appreciate it. Sorry for, like, my craziness.
Adam Harrison: No problem at all. No problem.
Mark Ellestad: My. My subscription or my free whatever is. Is ending today, so. Oh. So is there any way I could just get, like, a day or two extension and then tomorrow kind of make a determination?
Adam Harrison: Yeah. Yeah, for sure. So let me. Let me extend you so you have time. Yeah, let me do that. I'll just do that while I have you here. I will. I will extend you, so no. No worries. Okay. Take me a minute so I won't make you, like, sit through that.
Mark Ellestad: Okay. All right. Thank you so much.
Adam Harrison: All right. Thank you, Mark. Talk to you tomorrow.
Mark Ellestad: You too.
Adam Harrison: Bye.
Mark Ellestad: Sa. Sam. Sa. It. Sam it. Sa. It. Sam. Sa.