Alfred Jotpsych Test Souza: Where the reporter gets into an unfunctional state where you cannot press record anymore. That's a state management problem.
Alfred Jotpsych Test Souza: That's a problem we've had. Seen the old recorder. That layer of the recorder was not changed with the new reporter. So when in the past we would have to say people to clear the cookies. It's the same bug.
Christopher Hume: It just looks different. Okay.
Alfred Jotpsych Test Souza: It just looks different, correct? So that I am starting to look into. We need to squash that. But correct. It is not a safari thing. And it's also not this gentleman's computer was too old thing. Ok? When I first understood that it wasn't that, that it's like that you were never able to even open the encounter on that machine. But if you were able to do a few recordings before and all that stuff, then, yeah, this was just like a bad moment, that moment to get that. But, yeah, what most likely happened is that he opened a new tab.
Christopher Hume: And there was a problem with.
Alfred Jotpsych Test Souza: And there was a problem with.
Christopher Hume: Oh, yeah, because you had it open. Yeah, he probably had multiple tabs open. He was going tab crazy.
Alfred Jotpsych Test Souza: That's the problem. Our software does not work well with multiple tabs. And that error happens when you do a tab takeover and it goes wrong.
Christopher Hume: And by Tab, even though Heber.
Alfred Jotpsych Test Souza: By tap. Take over what I mean. You can only have one tab recording at the same time. You can open multiple tabs. But you can only have one tab recording. And you can try and take over that tab. But. That usually leads to a failed recording and not a good outcome.
Christopher Hume: If he had two jets like Tabs open, but. Two recording tabs open. But he was definitely, like. He just kept opening tabs and windows and stuff. I guess there's confusion there, but let me just show you this other recording thing on safari. Let me share my oh, my God. It's not even going to let me share my screen. A lot of share screen. Okay? Name on microphone.
Alfred Jotpsych Test Souza: Hello. Yeah, chris. I lost you. I don't think we can do that. While. We're.
Christopher Hume: Can you see me now?
Alfred Jotpsych Test Souza: Yeah.
Christopher Hume: Okay? You don't think we can share a screen and record at the same time?
Alfred Jotpsych Test Souza: Well, we can try. But yeah, see. You need a memory for non patent. Agreed.
Christopher Hume: Can you hear me now? Alfred.
Alfred Jotpsych Test Souza: I can? Yeah. Okay. Did you see my message about sharing the telehealth session before trying to do the microphone stuff that might be. Why this is bombing.
Christopher Hume: Yeah, it does not like when we have.
Alfred Jotpsych Test Souza: Sorry.
Christopher Hume: No worries.
Alfred Jotpsych Test Souza: Kid doesn't have school today.
Christopher Hume: Jealous?
Alfred Jotpsych Test Souza: All right. So, actually, it seems like the headphone thingy isn't working in safari.
Christopher Hume: It seems like to me. If anything's working in safari. Just to be frank. Alfred, let me pull up the. Let me reshare, see if I can even get to the record screen.
Alfred Jotpsych Test Souza: Okay? All.
Christopher Hume: Right. Record. Let's see. Can we generate a note at all? Oh, shit.
Alfred Jotpsych Test Souza: Together.
Christopher Hume: Absolute nightmare. I had to exit a Jotsack. I couldn't even get back to the meeting, so I didn't even push the button. So all fries itself before you even push the headphones button. I wanted to see just like. Maybe if I pushed it, it would have helped, but. There's something that Safari does that just nukes it. And I wonder how much friction this is causing. I know we have no Safari users. But do we have safari?
Alfred Jotpsych Test Souza: Is, I think, the question. We do have some party users and we have Safari users. Can you hear me now? No. Hello? Can you hear me? Okay? Can you hear me?
Alfred Jotpsych Test Souza: Can you hear me? No.
Alfred Jotpsych Test Souza: I think it's you. I think it's you. That's better. Okay. Yeah. So. Okay. Yeah, there's definitely. You can't see me. Okay. You can hear me, though. Okay? There you go. Okay? Weirdness with safari telehealth and what I can tell. Because I would have. I don't know. I've never even tried using our software. With google. Meet or whatever it's called. But I'm assuming it does work. Or you? Yeah. Okay, so to your original question. We actually do have Safari users and successful Safari recorders. We have had some bugs come in, but since we launched this, but we have squashes now. Having said that, that's not to say that there are some other issues going on with Safari. And what you were happening now, what was happening? I was like, we don't even have that much to. Because a recording doesn't even. So there was then an intent to start, and it didn't work. I think that's possibly a gap in what we're tracking. There is just a problem with that telehealth in safari. Like I said, I've been reporting. And yeah, if you're in the same room, it works. But I haven't been testing Safari with telehealth, so I think that's the next. Yeah. No, it's not good. I'd like to think that. We could steer people away from using safari in general. But that's just me thing, not a real thing. Yeah. Of course. Yeah. The headset's not working on my safari. So that's a problem. Yeah, it's going to be on with telehealth users. That's a problem. Let me safari specific stuff. The state. Affects more people, affects anyone. And it's the type of issue we're still seeing in front. Where we need to clear cookies. What has improved dramatically with the recorder, though, is the number of missing chunks. So we have visibility into that. And also Front has been quiet on that missing chunks and all that stuff. So I think they're the reporters stable. But to your point, there's also. Lack of visibility towards all. The thing didn't even start. So I think I need that. So what I'm working on now is essentially the state and visibility, and that's what I had with Jackson yesterday. So I'm hoping to look at to get that in a good spot. By end of day today, if not during the weekend. Yeah, exactly. But then I think I need to switch to safari specific stuff. And specifically because Safari I've tested on my phone. That's where we get the most Safari users, actually. Are on phone. That works, but again that I haven't tested it with the telehealth, but the telehealth on the phone, I don't think it even works on anything. But I'm not even getting the pop up on Safari, which is the problem. Which screen do you want to share? So there's something there. Safari specific. I'd be surprised if it ever worked. Also. Yeah, I just checked the old recorder. This safari issue is an old recorder issue as well. All right. Thank you, sir. Talk to you later. Bye. Morning. How are you guys? Okay? Finally had breakfast. Trying to. I will be 20 minutes away from you, Becca. Juicy gossip, all right? Jenna used it. Jenna. Asked, Can I continue using it? And we said yes. She did say I have some feedback. When I have some time, she will share it with us. And her. First go around actually highlighted a bug that I had missed. And she lost the recording. But since we fixed that and she wasn't terribly unhappy, To the point that she tried it again and she's looking to continue playing with it this week. So next week. I'm blaming Claude 100% on this, even though I should share some of the blame. I am blaming Claude 100%. So I had done and tested all this very nicely. And then I asked him, what are the last things I asked it to do two nights ago was like, here. There's a lot of work in this already. Monolith Inside the encounter v2. Can you refactor it into a container? A telehealth container, so it's a little bit more contained and we're not adding more crop to the encounter. V2 and it did it. And what it did is that there's a button now that if you have a recording going and you leave the telehealth. It asks you, do you just want to leave the telehealth and continue recording, or do you want to leave and stop the recording? And he clicked leave and stop the recording. And with that refactor, what Claude did was stop the recording was literally just like, dropping. It wasn't actually stop recording and save the. And save the document. But yeah, so that was fixed. That was a quick fix also. Yeah. Yeah. Correct. No, we haven't done any of that. Yeah. That's why you're getting a. You should get the telehealth box, but it should say, room's not ready, or something like that. Or rooms expired if it's in the past. But. We cannot flying this. When are we onboarding him? Is it still at 1? Is it still at 130 or earlier in the day? Because I can join as well if it's earlier. No. Okay. We'll talk. I think other companies do telehealth as a standalone add on. If I remember correctly, I think simple practice or one of those. It's like. It's like an additional $20 a month or something like that. So I am finishing Becca yesterday. We kind of aligned on the ftux. So that's what that garden 63 is. Pretty much done. I need to push it. Tweak. Tweak something at the. How it looks on mobile. Then I'll push it up. And then we can turn that on. After that. There's things that have been popping up with the recorder, so I want to. I want to work on that. Essentially. So it's. Issues are popping up or have been popping up. Around the state management. This predates Encounter v2, but is because we're still using the same state management. That we were doing for encounter v1. So I want to add analytics so we can make sure that as we're introducing changes to that, we're improving the system, not making it worse. So that's what I'm hoping to jump on after. Yeah. Yeah. Sounds good. I want to. It might. I was going to say might be there, but no, not that. Never mind. No. That aren't in the sprint. Yeah, that's what I'm thinking. Okay? Yeah, if you assign a patient. You assign a patient, the note title becomes the patient's name. You're right. No note. Title is attached. If there's a patient, that's correct. So. We come back to. Both state. Camera.