Marcus Irven: Got it. Okay.
Lee Harrold: And we might want to reach out to Jaden to get Jaden's our rep at Nevada to get more information about this. Because when we spoke with her, it sounded like it was less about magnitude and more like the number actually mattered because in some cases resulted in different. Copay values, like specific copay values. So we should just double check to learn how exact that number needs to be.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, and I think here we can just use if we have it, like the fee schedule for a given. Provider. For like, we can assume it's probably like a 99214 and pull that. And for therapy the equivalent of that. But yeah, I do think we should be populating session rate based on the providers provided. The fee schedule that the providers like share with us. And then for people where we don't know that, I think we can just default to a number that's the right order of magnitude and they can adjust it as needed. The session rate is only going to really matter. If they have like a coinsurance or a deductible, which is again going to be more of a minority of plans if it's just a simple copay. The session rate is not going to affect the response that you get.
Lee Harrold: Okay. Cool. If we can move on, are we good? Other questions?
Marcus Irven: Yeah, we want.
Lee Harrold: Sweet. Step three does a lot of work, which is obviously a design smell. But this is, these are all the rules that the visualization output. Would provide. So before a user. Selects which patients to run a check for, we would want to give them the opportunity to check or uncheck them given they're paying about a dollar each. And maybe some of them have been in there for. A month or so. And pragmatically speaking, you probably only need to run these. Like they're going to be more volatile toward the end of the year. It's just in Nirvana's interest in our interest to run the more frequently. So a provider might not want to run them all the time. Yeah. And then, you know, the other things we talked about, it's like selecting a time horizon. Adding patients that maybe won't appear within the time horizon of. The appointments, the upcoming appointments we selected. And then these are the columns that we think are important to show. Coverage status like the patient name, upcoming date, your last check. And again, all this is in the linear ticket too. And then after that, after the provider selects the patients to run checks for. We'll get. The result in that format.
Marcus Irven: So that's, that's the bad, this is what replaces the list that you have today of appointments.
Lee Harrold: Yep. There's a, there's a view of here. I think if I create an appointment for. A patient who has had a check performed. Yeah. Okay. We get this and then we'll get. The same. Coverage information. Right. Obviously, this is not. There. This is, this is now showing. The data for this patient. But the premise is it would be somewhat similar in that there's like. An eligibility table and below that the ability to click into details for each patient displayed. What questions do we have about this chunk of work?
Marcus Irven: Isn't that this is all working like it's all functional. It works just not robust enough as far as like computing the upcoming checks to run.
Lee Harrold: It's that we don't, well, there's this error here, which I hadn't seen before, but it's, it doesn't allow. Arbitrary. Session cost or mode modality. Like it's, it's, it's currently assuming psychotherapy for everyone and especially cost $250.
Marcus Irven: Got it. Okay. So things that are hard coded need to be.
Lee Harrold: Surfaced.
Adam Harrison: Becca, can I also jump in and maybe give a little bit more background eligibility? And also I think it might be helpful to see the like in Nirvana platform checks and how they work. Yeah, I think they're just some like more context might be helpful too.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Before or while you're doing that. Can you also just give the high level for everyone to have like in practice what are the actual one to two things that like people really care about and then all the other stuff.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, yeah. So I would say eligibility check, yeah broadly like it's going to be easier if I can show you guys so you can see it as I'm talking here. So we have access to this one verify platform. This will include all the actual checks that have been done. You know, in the product as well as here, like just you can run a check from the platform as well. So I was doing some checks this morning and last week. I just want to show you kind of what response looks like. So let's just take this one here. This one's not that. Interesting. But you know, it's it's kind of like patient demographics. A lot of these are inputs that you would put when you're running the check. Same with provider. Those are like inputs that we provide. And then this here is largely like the nirvana response and what that includes. So the key things people care about, most important plan status and coverage status. Is the insurance active and does MI covered for, you know, this service, which is psychotherapy mental health. This is that service code that we were looking at earlier. If I go back, I'll show you the dropdown. The other option here is just psychiatry. And then here I can actually read and understand the benefit structure. So in this case it's fully covered. There's no copay. So this one's pretty clear and, and simple. So it's, it's going to give me what the member obligation is, what the payer obligation is. And really what they care from an eligibility check is, is it active? Is coverage active for. And what is the estimated member obligation? Questions so far on that? Okay, so it gets fun and complicated here because there's some, there's some edge cases and things that come up. Second thing here, it'll also, if you have like some information when you run the check, inputs are basically patient name, date of birth, you know, the insurance card info. So the member ID. In this case, the member ID is actually different. Than what I entered. And so it flagged that and returned the right thing. So our system, I think we can now take this and update the patient profile with that new ID. You could also have things. They have these alerts here. Flags. So here's another one telehealth cost share differences.
Adam Harrison: So if I am going in person for a therapy visit, I pay zero. And it's fully covered. With zero dollar copay. But for telehealth specifically, there's a four dollar copay. And so in this case, what I would need to flag at like the top level summary is coverage active, plan status active, you know, member obligation estimate. This is an estimate. Is zero. But there's this alert telehealth cost share differences. And so I'm going to need to click into the plan. And if I'm doing telehealth, it's going to be a different thing than what I've been shown here.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Really quick. Can you go back to that telehealth one?
Marcus Irven: Yep. Hold on.
Jackson Bierfeldt: I just want to draw attention to. So under the telehealth thing, there is still that member obligation. It's actually $4.70. So it like member obligation still is the thing we actually care about here. We would just have to like flag, you know, when we get this return that if it's telehealth, because we do get that flag from nirvana saying like, hey, there's a telehealth cost share difference. If our appointment is telehealth, we'll just want to do a little bit of like, you know, logic to be like, oh, let's show this obligation and not the other one. So still member.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, great, great point. Let's see some other ones. This is obviously like if the coverage is inactive.
Marcus Irven: That, you know.
Adam Harrison: That's kind of policy expired, right? That's, that's a, that's a challenge. That's something we should flag as like a red status. And then, yeah, red light. And then I want to show one more, which is more from a billing standpoint. This is another flag third party payer detected. So even though the, on the insurance card. Their insurance is united healthcare, you actually file claims to UMR. Which is like a slightly different payer ID than United's payer ID here. So from a billing standpoint, that's going to be like relevant information that we need to understand. So I guess we don't need to go through every single like kind of edge case. I think the important things are. Plan and coverage status show an active what the member obligation is, be it telehealth or just regular, again, not all plants. Sometimes plans are silent on the telehealth coverage, in which case it's just defaults to the like main response here. And then any flags should be kind of surfaced. I think from my perspective, as I think about like my view of the current product priorities. I think, let me share a different tab. As I look at kind of like what we have now for just a single eligibility check, not even looking at kind of all the batch logic that we were describing. This is someone here. I would love to make sure that we are kind of like mirroring nirvana just sort of like visual UI of how they're displaying information. I think right now we're not like surfacing everything necessarily. So I think, I think there's probably like the near term thing would be in my mind. Like let's update this. To be something that is closer to what Nirvana is showing with the sort of summary at the top with those four different fields that I described. I think we can get rid of this like manual override logic for now. A lot of that will maybe come from like the era we get back. But I think before we like introduce more complexity, you know, let's just show the full raw response and sort of surface the highlights. And then Lee, I'm not sure if we have this yet or not, but I think oftentimes it is a front desk person. Or some other support staff that is running the check on behalf of the main provider. And so at least like a few weeks ago, I'm not sure Lee, if you've changed this, but if I ran a check for Raina from this like jot psych billing account, which is, you know, a an, you know, kind of non clinician role within Amanda's organization. When Amanda logs into her account, she's not going to see this coverage active. She's going to need to like rerun it herself. So sort of like if you run an eligibility check for a patient, that response should be surfaced across the entire org. So those two things are would be the things that I would probably suggest we start with of like just updating how this response is surfaced and the UI associated with it, making sure some of the org permission things are sorted out and then moving to more of the like batch checks. But I think for right now, I don't see a huge issue with folks doing like more manual checks one by one to start just because we're at pretty low volume. Like single payer. You know, you're getting like, we're not doing that many patients at this point.
Marcus Irven: What is like current status as far as that goes? Like how many providers are using this? Are we, what are we blocked on more people using it? What are you doing versus what is self serve?
Adam Harrison: Yeah, right now I would say we've pretty low adoption. I would say maybe a few people have played with this. Lee probably knows better. But right now I would say I am running a lot of the checks myself within the Nirvana platform again because the nirvana platform is showing me the full response that I don't get here. And, you know, then I'm like going and updating claims based on the response that I get. So for example Beverly, she will just see any old patient regardless of like what their insurance is. And then after her visit, I'm like, hey, Beverly, by the way, you know, you're not credentialed with United and you saw Janet. So we can't like submit this claim. You know, you should try using this eligibility check feature before you see a patient. That way you'll know like if you can see them or not. I think a lot of our providers are also not necessarily. Like, you know, I don't know, for example, if Beverly is using the scheduling feature in Jot psych when she gets someone new in Zocdoc, I don't know that that ever lands on her job site calendar. So I don't know that I always have visibility into like who the new patients are that are coming in. Does that answer your question, Marcus?
Becca Bressler: Kind of is no one using self serve? Like is anyone using self server or is it just not even ready for that based on the sort of gaps that have been discussed?
Adam Harrison: There's some people who've tried it like Tracy tried it and liked it, but I don't think they're using it on a regular basis yet. Yeah, I don't know if you have like telemetry around that or
Becca Bressler: not, but they're getting like answers that they. Like and are like good and they're not getting like the outputs are satisfying them when they're I don't to me.
Adam Harrison: I don't think the output is like where we want it yet. Sure. For a single response. I think there's some helpful information, but I don't think it's as good as like the end product Nirvana response in my view. But it is helpful like, you know, I do think people find it helpful. They say, oh, this is the like copay amount. And coverage is active. Like even that alone is super helpful without the full list of, you know, all that other stuff.
Lee Harrold: Yeah, we surface things like member ID mismatch or demographic mismatch. And if there are more than two issues, we give them a red block. But if I'm in the stats and feature gate, like we have. Like 21 distinct entries to the managed override. So again, this is something we've been manually handing it out. This isn't like available to everyone.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, and a lot of those 21 are probably my accounts.
Becca Bressler: I was going to ask.
Lee Harrold: Yeah, they're all user ID. So I think it might just be Beverly and Brittany.
Marcus Irven: So what's driving this as a priority? Like what like what why would we do this over like the 10 other things that we have on our plate?
Adam Harrison: I think to be able to submit like billing integrity starts with eligibility. Is what I would say. And so if we don't have people like running eligibility checks and doing this. Then what happens is they create a claim later on and then I find like, oh, the patient is actually not eligible or the insurance, they're not credentialed with. And so then that just leaves leads to like downstream issues. That's one. Again, there's other ways of doing checks. So we could just take the view of like, hey, you know, for now you just keep doing checks however you're doing them currently. You know, I could be convinced of that. The other dynamic here is we have like a 90 day sort of trial period with nirvana. I think that comes up in like early May. And so I think it would be great. You know, we and we have like a volume minimum of checks we have to do. Otherwise we just pay regardless. And so I think it would be helpful to. Have a good view, you know, over the next month or so of like is this future working? Is this going to be valuable? Do we want to commit to like an annual contract or do we want to back out? I think it would be a mistake to like. Either not roll this out properly and not get the right signal and either commit to nirvana and we don't need it. Or it's the wrong partner. Or, you know, vice versa. So I do also have to jump because I have a job bill onboarding, but we can definitely continue the conversation.
Marcus Irven: Okay, now this is helpful. We'll go ahead and jump and. We'll, we'll go from here.
Jackson Bierfeldt: I have to just reschedule them. Hi Lee, is your eye getting better? I'm just seeing it now.
Lee Harrold: It is. I'm realizing, I think I think it like maybe a full blown concussion.
Jackson Bierfeldt: I've been like, oh my gosh.
Lee Harrold: I know. I've been like really forgetful and like bumbly this week and it occurred to me today, wait a second. You had that thing where you got smashed in the head.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Maybe it's really. Yeah. Did you go to a doctor yet?
Lee Harrold: No, I was going to schedule something
Jackson Bierfeldt: because honestly you can't play around with those.
Lee Harrold: Okay, I'll do that. Thank you.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah. Okay. Well, good, good luck on that. But really make sure you do that because it's just like nothing's as important as your head obviously.
Lee Harrold: So it's like literally the way you experience everything.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah, exactly. Okay, great. Talk to you later.