Christopher Hume: Brian looks like a good front. Morning. Just put it mildly. I think when I checked, like, 30 or 40 minutes ago, we only had one ticket outstanding, so we can keep this meeting quick. And just talk about our activities for the week. Transfer the fire. Perfect. So not sure if you guys can tell, but this customer support, customer engagement thing, the surface area is starting to grow on us as we expand our customer base, add more features, there's more things for people to ask questions about. And frankly, as we had more features, probably it's actually more bugs. It's not like a one to one because we don't have more engineers. It was just less focus on old things. So it's been pretty. Busy week, so I was pretty excited to see this morning was a pretty clean inbox. But, yeah, cleaning out all the stuff yesterday. Even aside from the stuff that you guys wrote drafts for, we had all that junk in assigned. We still kind of do. Of things that have kind of been hanging out for a few weeks. So I think kind of reason I bring this up is one to complain. But two, it's like an important reminder that. I need to do a better job. And by extension, eventually it'll be you guys. In pushing the engineers to make sure. When there's an issue. We resolve it within the week. Otherwise, it just keeps getting passed from person to person, engineer to engineer, and then it's just like it ends up making our lives more difficult. And it's, like, not a good customer experience. Just kind of realizing that last night I was trying to clean out all this crap. God. We have a lot of things that really should have been handled last week or the week before. Okay, but let's move to slide. Tracy, great question. To accent transcript, you can navigate to the note itself and then click Transcript. The following is a snapshot for an example note. If you have any further questions, please let me know. Looks good. What kind of computers do you guys have?
Garden Gioia: A Mac Mac ryan.
Ryan McAnelly: PC.
Christopher Hume: Okay, so I don't know anything about screenshotting on PCs anymore. Ever since I joined this job, I'm a Mac guy. But just one thing I'll flag for you because it looks super clean. Is you take a screen.
Garden Gioia: Of course.
Christopher Hume: If you take a screenshot with the Mac. It comes out like this. Show my screen. And they have these pre built arrows. And they just look super clean when you're pointing stuff out to customers. It's just like a little extra professionalism and like, oh, well, you can go. You probably wouldn't have a circle. And then they do an arrow or a circle at Juristic's. Really nice. It really makes it pop. So I'm sure you have some similar. Ryan on PC and Joy, you can probably do this. Exactly. So sort of five minute for you guys. Especially when you have more than one. Like when you're trying to walk them through. First press settings, then press this, Then press this. The arrows are pretty helpful.
Ryan McAnelly: Yeah, that makes sense.
Garden Gioia: Yeah.
Christopher Hume: Let's actually just respond right now. Doing this there actually. Great question. One exclamation point. Hi, Tracy. Great question. Access transcript. You can average the node itself, then click transcript. Following is a screenshot example. No. Any further question from an example note. Questions, please let us know. Chris, I got this. Okay? Tracy's had a lot of questions the past couple days. Great question, actually. Transfer you can have it. Transcript following just screenshot about if any further questions, please let us know. Perfect. Elite. You are correct. Inbox. Zero, guys. Ten. Six. Let's go. Okay. Any questions before we'll go through? Since we have a little extra time here, the assign stuff together. Any questions, Comments, concerns? Okay, one thing I do want to flag for you guys. We'll see this when we go through the assigned notes Is there has been Were you tracking There is a technical issue. In the cluster support chat last night. I, like, cleaned everything out and, like, I don't know. Nine. Absolute monster of me to start tagging people on support tickets at 8:30.
Christopher Hume: But sorry, guys, I was like, at Alfred, at Marcus. What's going on here? I was trying to enjoy their evening. But they made some update to the note generation pipeline. And it's messing up the transcripts. So there's actually something wrong here, and that's why we keep seeing things. It's like they said, they took a note. At 2:00 and there's just nothing. Or like, hey, the note generated, but there's actually no transcript. We've seen that, like, a few times this week. I was like, this is kind of weird. Like, what's going on? Usually you can be back. Oh, shit. Looks like the microphone didn't work, but it was like there's something else going on here. And so as you guys kind of do more of these, you're going to have a better idea of like, oh, this is just run of the mill, like customers, or customers they have probably just have a piece of junk computer to like, oh, this is a few really weird things that I've never seen before. Something's probably wrong. So that was the learning there. Ryan, our favorite. I've lost everything, and I don't know why. I got it back. Thanks. Gotta love it. Wonderful. Please let us know if we can.
Garden Gioia: Nice.
Christopher Hume: This one's rough. So this sucks.
Garden Gioia: Shows up when you guys change the format really became novels. User friendly. I discovered open evidence.
Christopher Hume: That sucks. So this is something we're gonna have to elevate to the team. Be like, hey, just so you know, Don't wanna overfix it on one of your customer, but recent changes have septum. And we're competing with open evidence that's free.
Garden Gioia: Open evidence.
Christopher Hume: Yeah, this is a pretty new one, I think.
Garden Gioia: And then I wonder why it's free, though. That's almost, like, weird. So.
Garden Gioia: We could put that. Where would. How would you get the team on that? Or, like, where would you put.
Christopher Hume: Yeah, this is. There's this channel we don't really use very much called Talking to Customers, where it's just, like, snippets of feedback we receive from customers. That's probably where I'm going to put this, because this isn't really, like, an issue. Like, we made a design decision, we changed the product and past customers. Like, I don't like it. And it's just what happens when you have a software product. Yeah. So that's where I would put it if she was like, there are these major issues. I hated it. You guys suck. I'm never coming back. Like, I put that into bugs. Like, hey, customer reports this, this, and this. It isn't really a bug. This is more like a business decision. Or like a business strategy. That, like, might not have been great.
Garden Gioia: Okay?
Christopher Hume: So let me. I'll add you guys to the channel afterward. Actually, let's just do it live.
Ryan McAnelly: Have you heard of other people jumping over to open evidence?
Christopher Hume: I've heard open evidence come up a few times. Recently. It's kind of just a new competitor. What I mean. As, like a company. We're pretty anti. Competitive research. For better, for worse. Concern is like, given how small a team is, we don't really have time to worry too much about it. It's just like, find the problem, fix it. So let me.
Garden Gioia: How can you talk to Becca?
Christopher Hume: Because she is the product manager. She's in charge of, like, managing the direction of the product and what we build. So I figure if anyone should look at it and, like, have the pulse on the customers, it should be her. It was a technical issue, I would have tagged an engineer. It was more like, hey, as you develop the roadmap for what comes ahead, It's just something you should take into consideration.
Garden Gioia: Yeah.
Christopher Hume: Let's just do this together. Gretchen. Sorry. Frustration. As I said, like 10,000 times, truly cannot speak. And type. So you're got. You guys just got to listen to me, to this liver, because I appreciate your candor. Please.
Garden Gioia: Type.
Christopher Hume: Interested in trying. To appreciate. So I think, Ryan, this is a prime example of something that, like, I shouldn't have just spent a minute writing this. Like, we should have a one off the shelf ready to rock when someone tells us why they quit.
Christopher Hume: Thanks so much. It's great. Like, you can do a first draft this week and eventually we'll just. Like, we could have an AI bot that starts with your draft and just turns it into something custom progression. You review it and fired it off. So this goes to about 1 minute task to a 5 second task for this email. Doesn't really matter, but over the course of the hundreds of emails we receive a month. Starts to make a huge difference. Hi, Gretchen. I'm so sorry. For the first tracer update. Cause I appreciate your candidate. I passed this line to our product team. Please hesitate to reach out if you're ever registered again. We truly appreciate your partnership every day.
Ryan McAnelly: Thank you. Ashley. How much did the format change in the last update?
Christopher Hume: So what happened is the formatting thing, it starts to get to the point, like, there's sometimes issues that I don't even understand. So what we did was we updated everyone to a new note editing version. While simultaneously updating the AI model on the back end. So what happened is, a lot of people, the new AI model was better, but, like, better isn't always better. People just want the same. And so what happens for a lot of people is the new model was way more robust and gave them a lot more information. Than they wanted.
Christopher Hume: Then a lot of people, we tried to switch it back, and then they were still having issues. I honestly am not really sure, like, where the formatting issues came from. There must have been some other update, but it was like a horrible combination. And there's actually another bug that happened at the same time where we just completely ruined some customers trust in us. Luckily, it was a pretty small number who got really upset. But someone like Gretchen, we changed your note. Even if we changed it back, there was then this other bug and then maybe a formatting bug. And now she's like hyper fixated on it because there's this big product change. Maybe. The thing that's really interesting is sometimes we change product. People will notice. Issues that have always been there and freak out about it. Because they think the issue is new, and now that they see it, they can't unsee it. But it was actually like, we'll check their notes. And it was always there. So that was. There's probably a little bit of it's combination of the two with Gretchen. Steven's leaving the platform. Happy to help you leave the platform. This is the guy we talked about yesterday who's like, no, I just have internal transcription. I use Claude and Gemini. And I made the joke that I'm sure that's all above board. Yep. Happy to help.
Ryan McAnelly: Best.
Christopher Hume: Wonderful.
Christopher Hume: So this is a pretty big, big account we have. So what I did here. Is. I checked. Ilyana. Destruction is super odd. She has like, a bunch of super users, so I have no idea. 123456. Let's see what's going on here. And charged for six. All six are super users. It doesn't like any of them are new. You can charge $900 a month for, like. Going on eight. Going on over eight. Yeah, it's just, I don't. I have no idea what's going on here. I'm just going to reach out and be like, Hey. Doctor berman. Looks like your subscription hasn't been addressed in a while, but happy to jump on a call and walk you through any of our features. Here's my calendar. And you guys would do that, but you just share someone who's, like, high priority like this. You'd probably just route it to me initially. But then as you get more comfortable, you guys can handle it.
Ryan McAnelly: Cool.
Christopher Hume: And so how we do this is. This is like. I have a disgusting way to receive an email. Nate sent out an email blast to, like, all customers from his personal email account, and then, like, he's getting drip and drab responses from people for months. That big issue I was telling you about, Ryan. Hugging cheek. It was January 6th, so someone called it our January 6th is a big, very easy rubber. Exactly. What happened? It was a big show, like, completely ruined two days of work trying to triage and help the customers, and it's crazy. So, like. So interesting how people use email. She got an email January 7th. Probably being like, hey, we're so sorry for the frustration. Let us know if you need anything. Two months later. The response. And she's like, hey, I have a question. I'll say something completely different. Just remind how differently this customer base uses email. Herman. Nate patong. Hey. Hi gunsbergen hey Pastor Message and Long Christopher team, we know you had some question. Subscription use a Jacks effect. Everyone had me jump on a call and switch sharing my calendar. 99.9% of the time. No one ever looks at archived messages, but it is good just to put a note there if you respond in a different thread. So if, like, months from now, someone's like, why do we never respond to Dr. Berman? Oh, no, no. We said we sent an email. He was taken care of. Okay? That is all we've got here, the stuff hanging out. And here. These are all old that we've probably reviewed before. I'm trying to get the engineers to take care of. That's why they've all been tagged to Alfred. Any questions, thoughts for me before? Kind of. Down with your week.
Garden Gioia: I'll keep an eye on front in the next couple hours.
Christopher Hume: Perfect.
Garden Gioia: In, like, reviewing some of the, like, support articles, one of the things that I noticed is that like, my my version of JOT Psych through like my JOT psych email has a different user interface than like the JOT Psych I have that's attached like my practice account. And so, and I'M sure there's just like a new update that's coming and is going to be like release.
Christopher Hume: Yeah. It's being slow rolled. Yeah, yeah. The articles we want to do. Probably based on your psych account because that's where everyone will probably be in a few months. It is. I had this follow through yesterday where they updated next. And didn't. I did not know they were updating. Next and I go into a demo for a clinic. All right, here we go. This is how you use the recorder screen. And it was recorder screen I had never seen before. I was seeing it for the first time on a demo call. I'm like, oh, my God. I'm like.
Christopher Hume: And you select a patient here, I think. Yeah, it's tough. It's tough. So it happens to the best of us. Yeah, but the answer to that, Joya, is you'll want to use your next account. Because we want to have the articles be a few months ahead instead of a few months behind.
Garden Gioia: Okay, cool. And then should I do some, like, you know, the articles have these, like, little, like, recordings, sort of. These, like, very, like, almost like a. Like a gif, sort of like, recording.
Christopher Hume: Yeah. I would say don't just do screenshots. And if you think it should be a gif, just tag that and we can always update that later. So what I would recommend for both of you. So, Ryan, you're doing the kind of templated emails. Enjoy. You're doing the articles. If you at some point today, just send me, like.
Christopher Hume: If you send me a list, and then you're like, chris, I can only do, like, six of the 10 or three of the five. Whatever. Like, I'm not not grading you on how many you get done. It's more just like seeing. Yeah, you're understanding. The product and how we can make sure that this week is a very productive use of time, not just training time. So if you just want to send me a list prioritized of which ones you're going to work on. So, Joy, are the list of articles you want to work on or update Ryan, the list of emails you want to develop. Just send that to me before you start cranking too hard. Just so I can make sure I give you thumbs up. Hey, sounds good.
Christopher Hume: Why don't you put them in this notion page? And we can go from there.
Garden Gioia: Okay?
Ryan McAnelly: Cool.
Christopher Hume: Okay? I'll give you guys six minutes back. Let me know if you need anything. We've got. Let me see. No. Customers love to schedule meetings during our check ins. Your calendar.
Christopher Hume: Okay, I'm going to move our meeting back 30 minutes. Does that work for you guys?
Garden Gioia: Yes. Move it back, like later or earlier?
Christopher Hume: Later. So It'll start at 4:30. You're 30 years.
Garden Gioia: Yeah, that works.
Christopher Hume: Perfect.
Garden Gioia: Sweet.
Ryan McAnelly: I might have to pop out. Like, 15 minutes into it.
Christopher Hume: Okay, well, we'll keep it chugging. We'll keep it moving. Your. Your time to do front. So if there's a one pop out early, That's. That's. That's the one.
Ryan McAnelly: Okay, cool.
Christopher Hume: Awesome. Okay? Only five minutes back, but I'll give you guys five minutes back, and I'll talk to you this afternoon.
Garden Gioia: Awesome.