Becca Bressler: Oh, you're great. Breaking up for me, Marcus. I don't know if other people. That's the case too.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah. Also break.
Marcus Irven: Oh, I was. Is this better?
Becca Bressler: Is it working now?
Marcus Irven: Pretty cool. Yeah. I was suggesting we start from like the product side, like the user experience, what we need to change and build there and then switch to the back end and talk about what we want to do there.
Becca Bressler: Does that work? Works for me here. We can do some like live whiteboarding if that works for people. Just to get something messy. Does that sound. Does that sound good for folks?
Marcus Irven: Yeah. We could also look at the current experience and talk about what we want to change.
Becca Bressler: Yeah, I. Screenshots. Hold on, let me put more. Sorry. Go ahead, Marcus.
Marcus Irven: Yeah, whatever. Whatever works.
Becca Bressler: Here. Did are people. Do people get the link?
Marcus Irven: Yep, I did. I'm in.
Becca Bressler: Let's see. Just get one performed. So just to make sure I understand like the ask, it's just like one central place for all of these things for all providers, basically. So like someone, you know, a practice admin can look at forms, labs, assessments, patient. Does this include like patient comms? Like. Well, they're a part of document, so I suspect that's like all related.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah. I don't know if this is all like what we want necessarily. It's just we received a request.
Becca Bressler: Yeah.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Hey. And I think it's. There's a couple different things embedded in the. Like being able to see stuff across the organization as well as just seeing them all in one place.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Because seeing them all in one place that. I mean I had that and then we like broke it apart. So I think it'd be pretty easy to just like do that.
Jackson Bierfeldt: But I think the bigger ask here is really being able to see in flight requests, you know, things that have been sent but not necessarily responded to, which for forms we don't currently have.
Jackson Bierfeldt: And then also to be able to see across the organization, not just for practice admins. I'm sure there's some people that want to make it so that all providers see all other providers communications and some people that want that, you know, like it's the RBAC conversation as always do.
Becca Bressler: You know. But since V1 is kind of tailored for this organization, do you get the sense that they want all. Clinicians to be able to see all clinicians, correspondence, just to know like where to start.
Becca Bressler: That is my impression that they want that okay for a patient.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Like if they can see a patient, they're like, I want to see everything that's been sent to them.
Becca Bressler: Right.
Jackson Bierfeldt: If they can't see the patient, then I think they shouldn't. Yeah. I mean it doesn't even make sense for them to be able to see. Okay.
Alfred Jotpsych Test Souza: So it's more like a per patient thing. It's less about. Okay.
Jackson Bierfeldt: But not just per patient because I think they want to be able to go into the thing, the screen and be like, okay, who was communicated with today? You know, the admin front admin desk. They don't want to have to pick the patient. They want to be able to go in and be like, what forms were sent today? You know what forms were sent yesterday? Who hasn't responded? Oh, this patient hasn't responded. Okay, I need to like follow up with them.
Alfred Jotpsych Test Souza: Okay.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Oh, we already sent this person this form three times and they still haven't responded. I guess either something's broken or like the communication method isn't good or I need to call them or, you know, those are the kinds of things I think they're, they're trying to solve with it.
Becca Bressler: Do you know, Jackson, if that's something an EHR already does, as far as how many times this one form has been sent, what kind of follow up? If it's been through phone or email.
Becca Bressler: Have you seen that in an ehr? I actually have not.
Jackson Bierfeldt: No, I haven't. Yeah, I can't think of one specifically, but I have seen something like that. But I think this isn't even really an EHR thing. It's more like Google Forms or Zoho or Jotform or like any of the intake queue. I'm sure. Does this like any, any of these like forms management softwares where they're like sending things to people they definitely are able to see at a minimum, you know, have I already sent this? And then how many times was it sent? When was it sent, what channels was it sent across? And then at the like extreme level, I'm sure some of them do like, oh, the patient opened it but they didn't fill it out or they started it and they, you know. And we do have some of that with the forms tracking, like in our forms system, if the patient opens it.
Becca Bressler: Right.
Jackson Bierfeldt: You can see that. So somehow merging that into this into this new view needs.
Becca Bressler: Yeah, okay. I'm just starting to like put stuff on this wireframe. And, like, I figure. I don't know if people have, like, another preference as far as, like, how we should do this, but it seems like, you know, we can borrow a lot from the way that this view already looks. Maybe we just, like, are expanding what we're able to see right here. Right, as far as, like, the status of. What? I hate eraser. Guys, I'm sorry. As far as what the status is sent back? Not that far.
Becca Bressler: Is this kind of what you're thinking, Marcus, you want us to be doing right now?
Marcus Irven: Yeah, I mean, I think we just need to. Yeah. I don't know if we need to go into this much detail or not, but I think at least like understanding what problems we're solving. It seems to me like there's two sides to this, right? There's the form templates, or what do we call them? Just forms, but basically the equivalent of our note templates for forms and making those so that they're org wide or user wide users, like. And then there's the forms themselves, which are the, I guess the instances of them that they were sent. And this is more equivalent to our notes, I guess.
Marcus Irven: So I think we could think of those as analogous.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah, I think actually before we get into wireframing, like, let's just talk about the like, you know, buckets of work here if someone wants to share the notion, doc, and we can just kind of do it in bullet points for the moment.
Becca Bressler: Here. Hold on.
Marcus Irven: All right. And then it's right here. Look at that. Am I sharing? Yeah.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yep.
Marcus Irven: What do you want to go through, Jackson? Just like the specifics of the features.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Well, these are all. These are all specifics. I think maybe we want to zoom out and talk about the. The like major pieces that need to happen. So one is forms and let's call them form definitions and form sessions. Those are the. Does everyone. Form definition is like the template of the form inform sessions is like the specificity of this has been assigned to a patient. They're expected to fill it out. So form definitions needs to be evolved to have the same organization, sharing and RBAC controls as note templates.
Marcus Irven: Adam, the forms library, like if you have the app and you clicked on forms library, that's the form definitions, right?
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah. So I don't know if we want to write all the. All. All this down if you want me to open this and write it.
Becca Bressler: Marcus, do you mind just putting this in the chat?
Marcus Irven: Oh, sure. Link. All right.
Jackson Bierfeldt: But if I have to do it from like a user story perspective, it's as a clinician. As a clinician who's a member of Valcourt, when I go to send forms, I should see all of the VAL court standard forms and know where they are.
Marcus Irven: But this really is having.
Jackson Bierfeldt: You're breaking up again, Marcus.
Marcus Irven: Unfortunately, I was just basically typing there. Having form. Org and user scope form definitions.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yep. And. And retrieval logic.
Marcus Irven: What do you mean by retrieval logic?
Jackson Bierfeldt: Like, not just scoping it, but we need to do the same thing where when you show the list of forms that it. You know, if you had a public forum that your organization actually like forked off of it, it maintains the parent form and then it only shows your most, you know, narrowly scoped version of it. The. The same. The same logic that we do for rules, the same logic we do for notes, note templates we want to do for. For forms for. Yeah, Lineage and rbac. So the other side of this user story is as a clinician or as a practice manager or, you know, as someone with power in this organization, I should be able to make a new form, test it out on my account, you know, play with it, and then promote that form to belong to everyone in the organization.
Marcus Irven: Where we store form definitions today to go technical for a little bit. They didn't mongo. And then postgres.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Postgres, I believe it's called form definitions. Form definitions and form definition revert revisions.
Marcus Irven: Okay, so maybe they're close to what we need.
Jackson Bierfeldt: It's super close. It's already like very, very similar. It just needs a little tweaking.
Alfred Jotpsych Test Souza: I even remember in the front end we had the. We built out like the organization forms. Probably not. Not pushing anything into there right now, but yeah, starting to ring a bell.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah. Like right now it is possible for me to go and make like in the database. Like makes a form for an organization and it'll show up for everybody. Like that does work. There's just no UI for anyone to. Set it as an org form. And we just learned so many lessons with the note template thing around. Like, here's the icons showing you what this is and here's the text telling you that you're not allowed to edit this, but this other person is allowed to edit it. Like it's that treatment that needs to happen to forms so that it's not just like a big scary mess when we. When we turn it on for everyone.
Marcus Irven: So in my mind, these really are almost exactly the same as no templates and we should mirror them, bring them to parity and not diverge really at all. It's the same thing.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yep.
Marcus Irven: Migration wise, if we change anything, that's pretty easy. There's not a bunch of these are not like stored in different places like templates were. So it should be pretty straightforward.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Should be straightforward and I anticipate like no migrate. Like maybe we'd have to add a column or something. But like there's not things where we have to take it from one place and put it into another one.
Marcus Irven: Whatever changes we have to make. It's pretty small scale, so it should be pretty.
Jackson Bierfeldt: In forms are already. Again, there's form definitions and then form definition revisions. So it's already version controlled in the same way that that notes are.
Marcus Irven: No, templates are.
Jackson Bierfeldt: No, templates are. Yeah, it's more important with forms because you send someone revision 3 and then they don't open it for one week and now you're on public revision 7. Like they should get revision 3 probably like the one that was sent to them because they might have filled it out halfway already and all that. So the revisions is like extra important for forms. But again, I think it should follow the exact same model as note templates. And it's already probably 92% the same and just needs a little bit of the like. Yeah, like the. The. The keyword to look for here is list effective templates and there's like list effective rules. That's the suite of functions and helper functions that does all the RBAC and the lineage and the forking logic probably needs to be switched here. So anyway, that's more technical, but whoever really gets into that, those are the functions you're going to want to find and copy the patterns of. But I think that all falls under the. Sorry, the user story of like, I'm a member of the Org, I want to see it. I'm the owner of an org, I want to be able to control it. I want to probably for forms we can make it so that it's not something that users can customize. Like, I think that's pretty. I mean, that's a decision we're going to have to make here is like, do we do the same thing where like an org manager can say, oh, any of my users, they're allowed to make their own custom version of this form and it's okay that they, like, fork off of it and it should automatically edit that behavior we have to decide on. My gut is that forms are something that it's like. Like way more top down control and we should just like completely punt on on that and just be like, nope. Org forms, they're read only for everyone except for the. The org permission scoped person. But that's a like decision we should just make and, and you know, and build with. With that assumption.
Becca Bressler: Do you have any sense of what Valcor's expectations or desires are or.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Definitely top down. Yeah. Yeah. Good. Yeah. So for them, I don't think they want their individual clinicians to be able to go in and like change the form around.
Marcus Irven: Okay, so that's form templates. Fairly straightforward from a.
Becca Bressler: Marcus, you're breaking up. Oh, that's cool.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Marcus, stop that. Stop it.
Becca Bressler: Marcus.
Marcus Irven: I'll turn my video off in case that helps. I don't know what's going on. It's all the snow. Sounds like them. From, from a UI perspective it should be pretty straightforward. We'll just more or less mirror what we have for templates with maybe some like less.
Becca Bressler: Well, you're, you're basically saying the template builder make, but make it forms like that page that. Does that include using the AI editor to be able to like adjust? No, it's just the like, I guess we already have the form builder. What am I talking about? We already have a form builder.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah, I think the form builder is actually like totally out of scope here.
Becca Bressler: Yeah.
Jackson Bierfeldt: You know, there are things we probably want to do to it in the future, but this one clinic, Valcourt, like they successfully used it to make all the forms and they're like copied with them. It seems they just need people to be able to like see them.
Alfred Jotpsych Test Souza: Yeah, so. So they need to show up in their org forms. Right. And, and make sure that they're not editable. Correct.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah, but yeah, so that's the thing. There needs to be some UI around like seeing the forms and right now our like form library, I would say could be completely thrown away and redone if we want to just like make it exactly the same as the note template where there's like the sidebar and then you can look at the form like if that's easier conceptually for people and easier for us to copy the pattern. Alfred, I'll let you make that decision. But like I would say that might be a good way to go here where it's just like standardized, like here's your note templates, here's your form templates. And then the next thing that we need to talk about is the document templates. That's something that they really, really want. And we haven't fully supported before. Does everyone know what I'm talking about when I say document templates?
Becca Bressler: I don't think I do, but I generator the document generator.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah, so Valcor is a heavy user of our document generator and they have these templates. Sorry, I'm going to share. Oh, I have this in the wrong chrome. I have to leave this meeting and come back in 10 seconds. Sorry. Okay, this, this thing where you have.
Becca Bressler: It's got it, yeah.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Templates for generating the, the document they've like build out. They actually had Chris build out a bunch of these months ago. And the way that this is currently stored, this was never meant to like be a full feature and this was like a test they did one weekend and then we just kind of like let it go.
Jackson Bierfeldt: But it's currently stored on, I think the user object in a thing called like document templates and is really just like bound to the, to the user. So we actually went and like for the three users in this organization, months ago we, I like went into the Mongo database and like copy these templates to them, but they now want to like make edits to these templates and they want to, you know, have one person manage these templates and then like, you know, push them out to everyone else in the organization. And they really think of the like documents as like one of the core things they're doing with, with job psych. Like they're often coming in here and they're often generating a document for a patient and then they're sending it to the patient and they want to be able to view the document later and you know, all, all that stuff. They're heavy users of the document thing. So the big critical thing missing there is the document templates. And I think technically what needs to happen is that we need to create postgres infrastructure around this that copies the exact same thing as note templates and form definitions and now document templates. I think we should just do the exact same thing. Copy and paste and like make that feature super standardized and follow those exact same patterns, including RBAC and probably even a thing where they can go in and view their document templates and there's a sidebar and they can see the different templates and you know, yeah, four kit and you know, all those same behaviors I think are going to come up here. We do have a little more Runway on this, I think in terms of like, what. Needs to be done for V1. For V1, I think they're going to treat it sort of like forms where they're just like, look, we made these four and we just want all the providers to have them and everyone needs access to it whenever they join the organization. So that's like the minimum thing. But yeah, I think in order to support that, we probably don't want to build on top of the like Mongo thing that we have now. And we probably do want to just like standardize this in the same pattern as these other two.
Marcus Irven: Okay.
Becca Bressler: Hey Jackson, can you share your screen again?
Jackson Bierfeldt: The document, the other docs page?
Becca Bressler: Because I noticed something that I don't see on mine. I don't. Yeah. So interestingly, you have document templates in the upper right hand corner. I do not.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Probably because you've never made a document.
Becca Bressler: Because I've never made a template.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Okay, got it. Yes.
Becca Bressler: It wouldn't be like a call to action. Okay.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Right. Yeah. So I mean, this is the another thing, like, where this is like kind of implement. Like you would click on this and be like, oh, here they are. And you can't see them, you can't edit them. Like, there's like nothing really going on inside of here. And the only way to make a document template now is to, you know, create a document and then when you're like happy with it, click Save as template. So I think again, V1 of this, we probably don't need to touch that, but it might come up as we start rolling this out eventually where people are like, wait, can I like come in here and make one? And I think right now let's V one answer is no, but just like pointing that out, we should have like, as we're standardizing all these three things, I think there's, you know, a vision that we should, we should have around it.
Becca Bressler: Another question, and this may not be challenging, but is your sense v1 based on their desires, that we do have one page that has everything in it, labs, documents, assessment, or is V1 we maintain these pages as separate, but we're adding increased visibility into like the status, other providers, etc. Does that question make sense?
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah, I don't know. This is something where we can debate about. I mean, I think we probably want to have each of these be their own page for like, if you do only want to see those or if you want to generate or you want to work on the templates of it or whatever. But we might want to consider adding a all documents page that doesn't have all of the library features, but is just like a list of. Here's all the stuff in one table, and you can't make new ones in here. It's just like a view, only see what's going on. I don't know, though. This is something that I think we shouldn't invest in. Invest too much into yet the like all documents view. Because in reality like we, if we don't do it, they're going to be like this is annoying, but they'll at least be able to survive. And this is the kind of thing that I think probably needs, you know, maybe Anya to look at it and some like more user interviewing with people where. How do you really think about these things? Are they the same? Are they variants? Do you like want to think of them as separate things? Like there's a whole world we could get into. So I would say punt on that. But if we can just add a fourth tab that says all documents and it's just a read only see all of them in one place, which I know we can do because that was the original version that I built, the code might even still exist somewhere for it. We might want to do that because this component, this table that loads in here, it accepts document types as parameters. So I think it's literally just as easy as being like add labs, documents and forms and it will just like load all of them and show it in the, in the thing.
Becca Bressler: Got it.
Marcus Irven: Okay. And then there's the documents and, and forms, like being able to see those for patients that you have access to. That's new.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Oh no we're not. We're waiting for you to come back, Marcus. Okay, my back.
Marcus Irven: It's so strange. Everything seems to be working fine besides this. I was saying that there's the. Then there's the patient communication piece. That's kind of new. Ish.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yes, that is. So there's, there's two points on that. One is, I think back end wise we just have to migrate forms and labs into the patient communication service. Because right now we live in this split world where like four of our patient communication services all go through this one thing that has all these like nice clean patterns and then two of them like implement their own custom version of it. Labs and forms both have their own like custom logic around sending emails, sending text messages. You can't send a lab via text message right now. Like it just doesn't have that capability. So that needs to happen. And I think it's pretty like non negotiable for me. Like we just have to do that in order to have a clean house here. And then the question from there is how do we surface the like patient communications. I think for V1, the biggest problem is just that in this forms view, you cannot see the forms that you've sent. That is like the one thing right now that, like, has to happen. Everything else is kind of optional because for labs and for documents, it's not like you're waiting on a response. So it just shows you in here already. Like, hey, here, here's the thing. If you sent it, it's a row in here. Whereas this is confusing because it's only the submissions that people send back, because those are the only things that you see in here. Whereas if you go to the patient in here, you actually do see, oh, I sent this.
Jackson Bierfeldt: You know, I sent this three days ago. It's pending. They haven't filled it out yet. And if this person had opened the link and maybe started filling it out but not completed it yet, I would see that status. So, like, we do have some of that information tracked right now. It's just only tracked for forms, and it's tracked in a really, really bespoke way just to forms. It's like on this mongo collection called Form Session, Warm Sessions, I believe. And it might be too much for us to, like, change that right now. It almost certainly is too much for us to change that. But as we're building out the UI pattern for. For showing this, like, we might just want to think about, okay, well, we do have this patient communication service. It's standardizing all the, like, touch points that we have. Like, I sent this on this day, I resent it on this day. I sent it via text and via email, or only via, you know, like, all those things. We might just want to consider adding in, at a minimum, logging to it all and potentially, like, start putting it into some kind of a table where we can then, like, have a view inside of all docs or inside of these things to be like, okay, when was. Was something sent to someone? So I'm going to say my gut is that that's probably not gonna come into scope for this week because there's just going to be so many other things. And that for forms in particular, we just want to, like, make it work with the data model that already exists so that you can come in here and see the same thing that we saw on the pending or sorry, on the patient page. But that it, like, works with, like, patient sharing and RBAC and all of that. So that's my gut on it. But I do just want to point it out because it's like, if we're in there already and it, you know, is convenient. Maybe we want to start thinking about the, like, logging and communication auditing.
Marcus Irven: Okay, great. That's helpful. Is there any product change that we need to make to the patient page as part of this?
Becca Bressler: That's a really good question, Markus.
Jackson Bierfeldt: This patient documents uses the same hooks and logic as those other tables. And this one allows you to filter by types. So if I sent this patient a lab, it would come up in here as like labs and documents. So this actually is already implementing the like all forms or sorry, all documents logic that we want to have with that. With that new tab potentially. And yeah, allows you to view and download these
Becca Bressler: and follow up messages would be captured there too. Right. Now that they're using the like document generator type thing or no.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Oh, yep. Yeah, exactly.
Becca Bressler: Great. Right.
Jackson Bierfeldt: There's some weirdness with like, honestly, I would expect that to appear right away, but I. It's not invalidating or whatever, so I have to refresh to see it, but there it is.
Becca Bressler: Got it. Okay.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah. So I think no, the. To the question of like, does the patient page need to change that much? I think it's. I mean there's like that. With that minor refresh thing that would be nice to have Alfred. And then I don't know if like now this forms thing and this documents thing, like merge or you know, now they're redundant or whatever. So there, there might be some change that's needed depending on how we handle making this documents thing work with the, you know, in progress documents, but on the face, probably not too much. It's mostly in these, in these pages. Last thing. Well, sorry, one thing is Anya did a redesign of all these pages. Do we have that?
Becca Bressler: Yeah.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Okay.
Alfred Jotpsych Test Souza: I. I've seen it. Yeah.
Jackson Bierfeldt: I don't.
Alfred Jotpsych Test Souza: Essentially, I don't know.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah. I don't know if we want to do it or not or what. You know, like, that's just something that could be inspiration.
Becca Bressler: Yeah.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah. Could be inspiration for it. And then to the main bugs, just while we're in here. So forms has this annoying thing where if I publish this form, I come in here and I publish it and I come back to this page. It says published. But if I even like, look at it the wrong way, there's like some weird thing where just by loading it, by opening this and then going back, like, it's now drafting. And there's just. No, it's confusing to people because they're like, wait, so that means I unpublished it. And what it really means is like, there's a published version and there's a new, more recent draft version. So this is probably very easy. It's just like a confusing thing to people where we just need to have another thing be like, published version 3 at this date, but you have a new draft or whatever. So this was just causing like a lot of confusion. And it's a minor UI UX experience tweak that we want to make. And then. Oh, sorry, go ahead.
Alfred Jotpsych Test Souza: Sorry. Okay. Right now we do that on purpose. You click edit, you set. You set it to draft, like before you navigate to the new version, which is the draft. Like, do we want to now move the. The moment where we set it to draft?
Jackson Bierfeldt: So I think it's easier than that because I think you want to still know that there is a draft because maybe they've added it, maybe there's not. But like, it should just say, like, there's a draft and. But don't worry, like, this is published.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Like, there is a published version and it was published on this time.
Jackson Bierfeldt: I think it's literally just an additive thing so that it makes sense to some. Because right now I get it. Like, you look at this and you're like, oh, all five of these forms, they're in draft. So I don't have any forms. Ah. You know, which isn't the case.
Alfred Jotpsych Test Souza: Any reason people would want to see their older versions, like, or preview older versions or anything like that? Not really.
Marcus Irven: Right.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Maybe preview should show the published version. The not not necessarily older ones. Like, we can punt on that. But like, whatever.
Jackson Bierfeldt: The most recent published one.
Jackson Bierfeldt: And I think that is the behavior.
Jackson Bierfeldt: I don't think. Yeah, so I think that's okay. I don't think we need to like add any.
Jackson Bierfeldt: This is literally just. We need to make the.
Jackson Bierfeldt: It more clear that it's not gone front, actually.
Becca Bressler: Because, like, if you update front articles, for instance, like, it might just continue to say published here, but then when you open it, it could say like draft and pro, like publish with changes or something. So maybe you only see that it's in drafting mode when you click into it.
Becca Bressler: But as far as you can tell from this view, it's published.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah. So I'll let you find the best practices on that. But it's just right now, this is. Cause, like, Jorge, he was like, freaking out. He was like, where's. Like, I. I spent all this time on them. Like, what do you mean they're not published? And we were like, no, no, they're published. Don't worry. It's just. You clicked on it again. That was it. So there's that and then the other big. And this one, I think we should just fix, like, literally immediately. And get that out to just get a little momentum here. And then this is something that needs some, like, debugging that I just haven't logged into. But, like, I can come in here and view these, no problem. He cannot.
Jackson Bierfeldt: You know, there's Alfred. You have the screen recording of it, and I think he even goes into the network. Nate, like, walked him through opening the network inspector and, like, it's all in that drain video that I sent. But we need to figure out what's going on and, like, why he's not able to. I think it was five. It might be 400. I don't know if it was 400 or 500. I haven't watched the video, but it's a little looking honeycomb, too. Yeah.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Okay, so it's either a patient sharing weirdness thing or it's something else that I don't fully understand. But we need to look into that one, probably ASAP as well.
Marcus Irven: Alfred, do you have any questions about scope?
Alfred Jotpsych Test Souza: Well, SCOPE always. Right. Because we've. We've gone over a lot. But, you know, I. I think it's, you know, the two bugs are priority. Get those out today or try to get them out as soon as possible.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah, and I'm okay with SCOPE here. I think the whole thing is just, like, we just need to. Here's all the things they want. Let's figure out what we need to do, and then let's figure out how to do it in such a way that we, like, can bank the wins for the other so that we don't have to, like, go and do this again for labs and then go and do it again for documents. It's like, hey, these are all kind of the same shape. We're fixing it here. How can we just make a smart plan so that even if we're not doing it all right now, we're at least set up such that, like, the next time we come back to it, it's, you know, just putting it together.
Marcus Irven: So my first thoughts is let's start with the bugs, then let's move into the, like, the template management side of things and the getting all of that, like, the RBAC in the lineage. I'm just trying to get some consistency there. I'm hoping that we could find some nice ways to generalize some of that, but we'll do it together and move into the sessions and the communication piece.
Jackson Bierfeldt: That sounds good to me. Okay. Hey, and it's exciting that someone, like, wants to use this so badly that they're asking for these to be fixed. Up.
Becca Bressler: I felt the same way when I read that. I was like, this is so cool.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah. So don't despair too much. This is great. Signal.
Alfred Jotpsych Test Souza: Yeah.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Okay.
Marcus Irven: Awesome. All right, cool. Thanks. Okay, thanks.
Alfred Jotpsych Test Souza: Bye.