Jackson Bierfeldt: Hello, hi Tracy. I think you're on mute. Welcome back. I still see the mute icon there.
Jackson Bierfeldt: All right very good there we go great morning thank you I'm so sorry that I couldn't meet yesterday and I got to take some of your Saturday morning.
Tracey Sanderbeck: That's all right that's all right no worries so. What my so you got the. You I sent you the other fee schedule was it yeah it was you know what it was it was on the back of the page and when I stand it I guess I didn't span like a two sided or
Jackson Bierfeldt: whatever so what I figured because I saw it was like one in three so we just missed one so that's all in there now. All right I have answers to your other questions if you want to just jump into that but if you have any other things you want to go through go ahead and tell me now
Tracey Sanderbeck: I have let me share this screen I was going to ask okay so we're sharing a screen so the other questions that I well why don't you just answer the questions that I had and then I'll see if that's just
Jackson Bierfeldt: it let's go over to jot psych and then let's just refresh the page and make sure we have the most recent version of the app because I was doing some updates this morning. And then let's go into jot bill.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Okay.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah so if you click on claims. I think your first question was that you had two claims for the same encounter for yep so I actually I don't know how this happened I suspect it was actually just like a bug where you were able to click the create claim twice we can safely delete the one that is marked as ready here because the other ones already been submitted so you can go ahead and just click delete on that and then just so you know how it works you know the claims only exist on our side until they get submitted so that was just like a duplicate claim on ours you can delete those with with no consequences all right very good. Yeah if you go back now hopefully that should be gone if you refresh the page.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Refresh.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Okay there we go all clean all clean there if that happens again definitely let me know and I will like figure out why that duplicate happened so that that doesn't bug you but there's no consequence to that
Tracey Sanderbeck: right see it again I can just delete it yep yeah
Jackson Bierfeldt: but if you if it does happen again definitely let me know because I don't want that that happening that means there's some weird thing that I got to chase down but so so that's good there and then just while we're in here just like a little status update so it looks like most of these you know have been accepted by the payer three of them were waiting on the payer to say that they've like moved it into their adjudication process but two of those are under adjudication so we should look for that to be paid out pretty soon.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Okay so while we're in this page I would be one question that I had so when so you see how these say wait awaiting adjudication awaited adjudication awaiting yeah so this is going to always show my fee schedule and then once it's in adjudication or in some other status this is going to show what the what the claim actually pays says correct?
Jackson Bierfeldt: No not quite so actually the the ones that say 200 right now were just because I think when Adam originally you know processed your first claim he just put in 200 for a 99214 and then that got saved in there from now on when you make a claim with that nut it will use your exact contracted rate just that it's easier for you to kind of know what's coming back now we can adjust that you know some people want to always bill 15% more than the contracted rate you know so we could say all right for a 99213 your rate officially says $48.89 we could bill $50 we could bill $60. You know we can kind of set that whatever you want just in case so it's kind of a preference do you have a sense of what you would like there?
Tracey Sanderbeck: So the way that it was always explained to me from the time I started the business was you set your fee schedule and that's what people get a little upset sometimes when they see their EOB they're like oh you're charging $200 and blah blah blah whatever you always set your fee schedule like sky high. I mean just like something you will never ever get because and this has happened when they make adjustments Florida blue is famous for this well one of the things with Florida blue they follow the Medicare and it changes twice a year. They they don't notify you. They don't notify you when your fee schedule has been increased or whatever. Like I don't know if I may have had United's another one that did it. They increased my fee schedule. I didn't even know I've never missed one thing on my list for 2026 is I am going to generate a letter and I want to ask for an increase on my fee schedule. But anyway, so getting back to this question for safety just to cover my basis I always build my fee schedule whatever my fee schedule was and then they pay whatever that's just done it and I would prefer to keep it that way.
Tracey Sanderbeck: So yeah is that all right?
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah we can we can do that so here and this is I'm actually just kind of switching into like research mode here I have a question for you because one of the things that our job build system offers is that we're actually going to be doing, you know, that updating for you. You know, we're going to be like keeping on top of like, oh, they updated this like, okay, is it relevant to Florida? Okay is it relevant to like PMH MPs in this region, you know, and like doing all of that management to figure out like what is the maximum that we can keep you at? Given that does it do you see any downside to billing, you know $200 and just like letting them adjust that down? Does that like confuse your reporting or like how you do expected revenue or anything like that?
Tracey Sanderbeck: No, it never has because we've always done it that way. I can show you real quick if you'd like to see it really quick over here.
Jackson Bierfeldt: We see this with everyone. This is how everyone does it a little crazy because I'm like why not just bill $1,000? Sometimes we do.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Yeah yeah and that's it. You when you set your fee schedule, you, you can put it whatever you want. Like my like my cash rate 350 but I think my for a 99205 I believe my fee schedule is like $500. And that is the reason is because they don't let you know when there is an increase. And then if you're just building like that 4809 and all of a sudden they've increased that 99204 to $55, they're going to still pay you that $4809 regardless of what yeah so I'll show you what it kind of looks like. I don't think it's confusing to us because we've always done it that way
Jackson Bierfeldt: and you just don't rely on the build amount to mean anything really for your like bookkeeping. That's confusing to me in a different like accounting background. It looks like financial disaster if your accounts receivable is like, oh, we're expecting $100,000 and you get 26,000. But it seems like everyone's just like gotten used to that.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Yes, we yeah and I'm glad that I'm not the only one that has. Well, these are all zeros or whatever but yeah.
Jackson Bierfeldt: No I've seen some practices where it's crazy. I mean they built they're like yeah 9921300 we'll we'll see what happens
Tracey Sanderbeck: crazy I try to keep mine within reason that's why I like my 99213 I think is I don't really remember I know my 99204 is 200 and the other one might be I don't know. I remember what that one is because I don't know 200 200 so Bill this is how much that's allowed but these haven't gone this is pay or acknowledge or whatever once it's once paid that all kind of shakes out and but yeah so we're used to seeing so whatever this 265 and you know and then they show the adjustment insurance paid this insurance to pay that patient paid this and blah, blah, blah. And then this is where it shows like where if they owe or whatever. So we're used to looking at it like this. So I don't know if yours is going to look cleaner. I haven't really what we could look at it but yeah we can go look.
Jackson Bierfeldt: You actually already got one remittance back so we can see
Tracey Sanderbeck: we can go into this yeah.
Jackson Bierfeldt: That's in the claims so go ahead and hit back.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Okay.
Jackson Bierfeldt: And I'm I'm working on making this a little cleaner but go to the remittances tab just for now.
Tracey Sanderbeck: So this is going to be kind of like my live claims feed that I'm just looking at is this what that's okay all right.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah, so you can come in here and look at. Oh it looks like we just got another one yesterday that's great but let's click on the April 7th one.
Jackson Bierfeldt: April 7th that yeah so this came back from Aetna and then we can you know look at the Amira one for instance because that one did have the you know that was a claim we submitted so you can kind of see the breakdown in here of like okay here's you know exactly why it was it was down what the response was how much they actually paid for it what the patient owes and and all of that
Tracey Sanderbeck: this is it this is Aetna and I'm sure it's probably a different plan or whatever. And so they paid 70 and that's horrible for me by the way that I hate they pay terrible but see build under the page 70 okay so this is yeah this is a much cleaner what's this 95. So hang on let me I'm just trying to read this because I've got to be able to show Jeanette she's traveling so I couldn't so let me all right so this I build 200 so this is like my life claims look here but it's individual instead of all the patients yeah okay so 200 I paid 79 what is 95 oh
Jackson Bierfeldt: they adjusted it to say hey it's 95 the patient's going to owe 25 of that and we're going to pay 75
Tracey Sanderbeck: I don't know put in some payments I tried to put in some.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah that's the next thing we'll we'll look at here but. Yeah this is this is how this is coming together and the last thing I'll show you is if you just go over to the overview tab of this billing area.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Over here get out of here just click out of that just click anywhere and then click overview okay this is where we're hoping to just like make this easy for you so that you can come in and just be like what's going on you know how much money is coming in who do who owes money like what are the things I have to do and that that work that work tab with the the one on it right now.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Oh here yes that's where you or Jeanette I think are you know going to to live in terms of like hey what is the thing that actually needs to be done is there a claim that needs to be submitted is there you know a claim that needs to be fixed is there a patient responsibility that needs to get paid because a deductible came back that we didn't expect or you know we're going to have that in here now this one is going to go away in a couple hours because I know you already, you know marked this one as as paid so I have a change coming out that's going to make it so that this one goes away but let's go ahead and look at that in patient billing. Right now. If you go to the right tab it says patient billing yes so this will be the area where you can figure out like you know insurance aside like which patients currently owe money you know because of like confirmed co-pays that weren't already registered or anything like that if you click on sent you'll see the one that sorry not send the tab so there's Q and then sent yeah this is one that you sent out yesterday or to three days ago right it worked beautifully except for
Tracey Sanderbeck: she didn't except if she didn't click the box and I asked her about it because I asked her I told her she was the first one that I used it on she said it was very simple very easy she said she didn't click the box because because she didn't know she's a waitress and she said I didn't know if I clicked that if you were going to charge automatically but because of course she doesn't read my policies none of them do they just sign them so I explained everything to her but it went perfectly and she said I mean she paid it immediately I loved it it was wonderful
Jackson Bierfeldt: I'm so happy to hear that
Tracey Sanderbeck: like I said when I talked to her I asked her I said I really need some feedback because I'm going to have this meeting I said I really I want to know like how easy was it to access how easy what she said it was seamless very simple
Jackson Bierfeldt: yes okay that's what we're going for because I'm sure you know but we've seen some horrible things where it's like the patient has to make an account and log into a patient portal and just stuff that no mental health patient is ever going to be able to successfully get through all of that so we tried to make it so it's like they get a text message they click it online shopping
Tracey Sanderbeck: yeah I sent it out the day I sent it and what I love about this way the way that the we're doing it is I see the patient and say like this is a cash pay or whatever they owe a bill they own whatever doing it this way I have to spend my clinical time during the appointment or after the appointment I enter the charge I do all that when I can just like Jeanette can just when I sit down I can just send over I can't do that for the billing but anyway but still it's just going to be easier it's it's already easier anyway.
Jackson Bierfeldt: We have some some stuff that's going to make it even easier so that you know you can just see this view and be like great you know all these patients owe money this all looks good you click one button and it goes and sends all out and you know that
Tracey Sanderbeck: just can I make one little suggestion I don't know if this is so when I was playing around in here
Jackson Bierfeldt: it's not sharing anymore could you share it again?
Tracey Sanderbeck: It fell asleep hold on a minute and this just a suggestion and and maybe I'm not doing it right and so that might it might not even be any anything so when I'm actually working in this and I'm going to the patient and I'm submitting the billing and I'm submitting the billing. For and I don't know if this is going to apply if it's just going to apply to us for right now because right now I'm straddling to systems which is a little difficult so when you're in the billing tab so let me just go to a patient so I can just show you
Jackson Bierfeldt: yeah can we actually go to the Skyler patient okay there's something I wanted to address in there anyway.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Let's go to Skyler. S. Y L E R Skyler Rain and then what do you want me to go to her billing or do you want me to go to her chart
Jackson Bierfeldt: or where do you yeah let's go to let's go to this patient view and then click on yeah payments okay. Okay yeah so this just changed actually so I don't know if this already addresses what what you wanted to bring up but in here now you can kind of see you know what are their payment methods what are they currently owe why so here this patient has a negative balance right now because you charge them and I'm anticipating a little bit like what I think you're going to mention it's like well it's because in my other system right now that's like where I actually like recorded the you know the charger this is a cash pay payment patient so you didn't go through insurance so we actually have this button there that says add charges so this is where you could put in you know if you want you could assign a CPT code to it just for your records but you could say you know hey this was a $350 session and then that'll be linked in here so that their balance is actually zero in all of your records
Tracey Sanderbeck: have a CPT code for us I won't put it in now because I don't I don't know off the top of my head but we do have a CPT code so that's great we put a CPT then we put in the charge we add the charge and this turns into a and this takes away the negative
Jackson Bierfeldt: yep exactly so if you put in 350 right now and you just write you know cash you can do it now or later but it'll it'll zero that out and then this patient won't show up as having an outstanding balance
Tracey Sanderbeck: anymore because I don't know the CPT code and I don't I want to put it all I want to do it right so I'm going to wait and figure out that
Jackson Bierfeldt: okay and this is also if you chart you know some people charge for FMLA documentation or ESA letters or anything like that.
Tracey Sanderbeck: And okay that's a good question. Because I do charge them $10 for every every time their credit card declines I'm trying in order to try to. You know make it so that they don't you know because they give you whatever I charge them $10 for like administrative.
Tracey Sanderbeck: So that the ora $50 no show fee so that would be your ad charges
Jackson Bierfeldt: how to charge yep and you just you know put a no show and then that'll be listed in here so that they can get that balance that way once we get to the more automated you know phase here where you don't want to have to be like charging patients and sending them a thing every single time you can just set it up so once a week you know it's like oh they had two sessions and an administrative charge and this it all gets billed at once they get it it's itemized so they can see why they're being billed this but then they only have to interact with it one time a week or one time every two weeks or however you want to set it up.
Tracey Sanderbeck: So what my the other question I had and I don't maybe there's so okay so example of submitting. Let me go to pretend like I'm submitting a I'm just going to pretend that this. Oh, let me go to documentation notes. So I finished my note excuse me so I finished my note and I'm going to well let me just go to one that I'm ready to sign. I want to actually show. So there okay because I'm actually recording things. I am I am really moving over into you guys primarily I'm fixing all of these. As you can see I'm changing. Well, I didn't do it in this one, but of course I picked the wrong one. But let me. I'm actually fixing all of my notes and I'm going to be signing them. So that. Yeah see so I'm doing all of this. So I'm used to it and so all of these notes are going to actually going to be like real notes and with real but I'm just not, you know. Anyway, so if I say sign a note because I can undo this, but whatever sign the note. Okay, so I'm signing this is not a this isn't one that I can send. Okay, so create the claim. And this may be a moot point but for right now. Creating a claim. I'm going to go and look at it. I'm ready. I'm not going to submit it because it's it's not a it's Blue Cross. In this screen somewhere unless I'm missing it. Can I add a payment in here from this screen or do I have to go all the way back out into the actual patient payment screen? I cannot add a payment in this screen, can I or
Jackson Bierfeldt: even not right now not right now but luckily you have the guy that builds everything on the line right now and I would just love to know like what is your desired flow for this?
Tracey Sanderbeck: Because I and then this is what I mean where it may be a total moot point and maybe just for me specifically for what it would be for, I think is for people that don't want to use Stripe for payment collections. Say like they're using. InstaMat or whatever because there are newer company and, you know, Stripe does. It's the thing about Stripe is it's $2.99 2.99% which is you know not the great but whatever is doable but they charge 30 cents per transaction which really sucks and it just is what it is and I understand that insta med for us doesn't do that. Instamed doesn't do that. Square does. I don't know if some of the other ones do, but regardless that's a little bit of a it sticks in my crawl a little bit. I don't mind paying the percentage, but why do I have to pay 30 cents when I'm doing if you swipe it at the time you're not paying that 30 cents but in Stripe you do. So for us in particular like say or so maybe somebody else they're going to use an outside instead of stripe. They would want to submit the claim. They put it through say instrument and they're right in the hair and they want to click a button and add that they've already charged the copay. That would be the workflow. So I don't know if that helps.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Or yeah yeah no, that's that's great. I mean Tracy I'll just tell you I don't want anyone ever seeing that CMS 1500 form anyway. Like that unless you're, you know, the biller unless you're the builder on the back end and you need to go and look at something because it's wrong. So I'm about to change that whole screen anyway from like creating the claim. And it sounds like you would. Is it fair to say that at the moment when you hit create claim or like charge this encounter, you want to be able to say like I already got the copay or like send out copay or something in in that moment as well.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Instead of having to go back into the thing. And so what you're saying is. Yeah. So only a bit of the biller can come in at some point and look at this. But for me submitting the claim the way that I do it and maybe some other people. I'm sure there's other private practices out there that are submitting their own way. This is overwhelming to me. I don't even know what that is.
Jackson Bierfeldt: This is this is just because you're an early user right now that you're seeing this. This is going to change very shortly, I promise.
Jackson Bierfeldt: It's my number one bugaboo right now. I'm just like, oh my God, why are people having to see the CMS forum? It's horrible.
Tracey Sanderbeck: She doesn't mind who she's used to going into the claims and looking at it. So I'm sure it doesn't bother them. But for somebody like me and I believe that you're dealing with probably very large practices and very small practices like myself. And so finding that middle ground must be difficult. But anyway. So I don't even when I when I click on that, I'm like, I don't even know what I had to scroll down that one time and find the F7 or whatever because that was but anyway. So if. It makes sense, that was the only thing in my workflow what I'm doing now. And come September I am praying that that hopefully everything will be set up for you guys. I think right now I could just use you as my EHR. I would love that. But come September when I can't do anything about it now I will be getting out of. I've already made the decision. I'm out of Dr. Krono and I'm going with Joss site. Whatever happens happens. And so I'm sticking with jot psych. I think you guys are great. I've met with you last year anyway. I won't go over that. But I think he has to do a great job. I think the way that you're doing it you're perfecting like this and then moving on to this instead of just this shotgun approach. And I just like the whole way that, you know, I've researched a company. I just I love it anyway happy to hear that Tracy. So so anyway so for me that that was the only little hiccup in the workflow was when I was submitting the claim and then I had to go back to payment. So that was the only reason I brought that up and I didn't know
Jackson Bierfeldt: if that is great feedback and I know what I'm doing tomorrow morning. I'll just I'll just put it that way.
Tracey Sanderbeck: I didn't know. Okay well thank you so yeah I mean I think that I think that that's it. I think that it looks like things are coming back. And so I guess my question from here is, I mean I'd like another probably whatever. I'm going to defer to you maybe a couple of weeks to really follow the workflow and see. How it all goes and then work on adding the next the next payer.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah, we're ready to add the next payer whenever you want. I mean at this point it's just kind of like these workflow steps and getting it to work with you know when do you write off a payment and when do you add in the copay. We're going to have the eligibility system in very shortly so that you can start collecting the estimated copay ahead of time. And then once the insurance confirms the copay you know being able to make those adjustments. That's all coming. But as far as the essential loop of like signing the note, creating the claim sending it receiving it. We're good to go. So if you wanted to add five more payers tomorrow we're ready to do that. If you want to wait two more weeks and then add another one, we're good to do that. It's kind of whatever pace you want at this point.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Okay perfect now you said that because eligibility.
Tracey Sanderbeck: So in the, let me show you very quickly what we do and show me maybe you can show me where you wear this lives or if it already lives. So Jeanette goes to, let's go to here. So Jeanette goes to this patient. She prints out that or she prints out the she puts what they owe here and whether they paid it. If it's a deductible whatever that's our workflow. If it's an inductive deductible then I have to charge it afterwards because obviously she doesn't know what's going to occur in the session and whether I'm going to do a 9921413 whatever. Right. But like they have a flat copay. The way that she does it she goes in here and we used to put flags, but the copays change so often we really quit doing that. See we used to put flags in here. But anyway, so this is what she has to do. She has to go here. And then she goes to eligibility and then she has to run it. You're probably your eyes are going to bug out when you see this.
Jackson Bierfeldt: I was going to say Teresa you're already harming me. I wasn't ready to see all of this
Tracey Sanderbeck: anyway this is what we do. So here so this is perfect example. Look at all this. So she has to go in look if if they have a deductible it usually negates the copay, but not always. And then they have if they have a deductible then they maybe if they met their deductible then it's a co. It's just this. So here we have to go. Let's look at this patient. This might not even be a long one. I mean some of these are pages. Well his is pretty long. So we have to go through. Okay. Mental health sometimes we got to find that. But then we got to find physician office. Well blah blah blah. So then this is what we do. Then we go to deductible. He's got 8,000 remaining 8000 and then we go to. We scroll through all of this and then we go down to the coinsurance. But anyway, this is what she does for every patient every single night. So is this going to live somewhere to to for us? Because we do not. We don't. Bill. Like Jeanette. We have in my policies she's a she's allowed to charge her credit card up to 24 hours before before their visit. So when I see them. There for the most part their co pays are already paid because we don't want to track that. So like this is my sheet and we may change this but this is my sheet. And the only thing I have on here is my deductible. So like she has on here $25 copay paid 10 paid patients are already paid. So is there an eligibility somewhere in this system that's going to be easier for her to look at?
Jackson Bierfeldt: Totally. Yeah. So. I'm not even going to show you where it is right now because we're about to move it. So it's a little bit of a moot point. But the long story here to make it short is. We use AI to like read all of that massive thing and just show you the thing that you care about. You know, so on the calendar, what you're going to see is when you go to, you know, pull up Jot psych to like start recording. It's going to have a little check mark being like patient, you know has a $30 copay. It's outstanding. You know, so it's yellow or like it's a $30 copay. They paid it so it's green. You know you're just going to see that and that's really all you have to worry about when Jeanette goes to the patient. It's going to say at the top. Like, oh, here's the deductible amount that they have. Here's what you need. You know what we estimate that you need to charge them. And then we reconcile it on the back end too so that because as I'm sure you're well aware with the eligibility checks, it's always only ever an estimate. There's no way to get like a hundred percent truth because you don't know if they went and saw three other psychiatric nurse practitioners on the same day and didn't tell you and you know they're you know only the insurance like actually can have the final say on that. So we're able to collect all of the estimated deductible payments and copayments. And then when we get the response from the insurance, we're able to just like combine all of that and move it around so that that patient balance number is the like official final number. And we only like officially like put the balance on their sheet if the insurance comes back and says yes they do owe us this $75. So we handle all that and the whole promise of our software is that we have, you know our own little virtual builder that is the AI that can read all of that and just be like, yeah, yeah. Here's the one single number that you care about and it's either paid or not.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Okay. And then there's also and I don't know if your AI picks up on this or not. But there's also insurance companies out there. And that's another thing too. It's a crapshoot. Sometimes they consider us specialists and sometimes they consider us regular. So they'll either pay, you know, the copay may wear and that may be something at the back end where it has to be reconciled because I don't know that. I don't know your AI pickup on that because we can never figure it out. So we always charge the patient the specialist rate and then it, you know, comes back as a regular physician and then we just, they have a they have a credit or whatever, but I don't know if your AI picks up on that or if that's something you run into.
Jackson Bierfeldt: That's what we're working on. You know, we're trying to, we're trying to solve that problem because it is super complicated. And that's why we have to have this whole estimated system in order to, you know, because we're, we're not going to get it right 100% of the time. But the whole thing is to just take it off of your plate.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Yes. And that's fine because, you know, there's a big difference between like you estimate and they have and you say they have a $50 and you estimate they, you know, have they owe $40 and they really owed $50. And now you only have to collect $10. Or I'm saying that's, you know, it's just where you get into where you're charging them. You don't charge them a deductible amount. You charge them a copay, which, you know, I'm sure your system won't do that because we don't run into that. And that's where you end up with, excuse me, people go, well, I didn't know it was going to be that much. And anyway, yeah. So it sounds like very good. Okay. So to wrap it up, we are ready to go for the next payer. I just have to notify, notify you. And then we'll get up and running. And then the other question real quick that I had, it probably doesn't have anything to do with you, but you can direct me is when I am ready to add on ePrescribe, do I, who do I contact? Because I want to, that's going to be my next little piece as I kind of start to move over.
Jackson Bierfeldt: I can put you in touch with our product manager, Becca. I don't know if you've spoken with her before.
Tracey Sanderbeck: But because she's, I've worked with her on beta testing some stuff.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah. Well, back as back is the one that kind of runs. Are you prescription right now? So if you just want to tell her and she'll get you into that, into that funnel.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Okay. All right. Perfect. I didn't know who was handling. But other than that, those are my only questions as far as workflow. I think it's going great. So now I know if there's a double whatever, I just can safely get rid of it and yeah, good any other questions for me?
Jackson Bierfeldt: Or no, I just want to express my gratitude for your time on a Saturday, Tracy. I mean, I think it's just telling of, you know, you know, clinicians like you, you're always working, you know, so we're trying to also like meet you there and just be like, hey, let's solve this problem together because the world's crazy and we just want to like fix it.
Tracey Sanderbeck: I'm a strong believer if you put in some work up front than in the long run it's going to help you and it's going to help other people. And if I can help you make your product better than, you know, it's going to benefit me and other people. And that's what, you know, that's what we're here for.
Jackson Bierfeldt: So, well, really appreciate it. I'm looking forward to making it so that you never see a CMS 1500 form again for the rest of your life. That's my goal.
Tracey Sanderbeck: And it was called, I mean, I do know, I noticed that pink form or whatever, but yeah, when I saw that, I was like, I don't even know what this is, but it just, yeah. But anyway, yeah, so that'll be nice if that goes away, but it really honestly, it just listen working with Dr. Krono nothing shocks me. Okay.
Jackson Bierfeldt: After seeing that spinning thing, I was like, oh my gosh.
Tracey Sanderbeck: You see this, I'll show you real quick before we go.
Tracey Sanderbeck: And this, this will give you a nightmare, but I want you to see this too. This is, this is beautiful. This is, you're going to love this. This is, you're going to love this. Okay. Wait till you see this. Let's see here. There's a spinny. That's for you before we go. And then let's go to this. Here's your little parting gift. There you go. Do you like this?
Jackson Bierfeldt: What?
Tracey Sanderbeck: You like it? You like this? Yeah. Yeah.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Oh my gosh. Like this up here. Do you see this? This is beautiful.
Jackson Bierfeldt: What is going on?
Tracey Sanderbeck: I have no idea. Nobody knows. It's just, it just is what it is. I don't know. So I have to click in here. I mean, unluckily, I know these mostly by heart. I can sort of read through these now. But, you know, you get so desynthesized to this stuff and all the clicking that you do that you just.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Yeah, it just. Yeah. And then this is the patient portal and I'll show you one more thing. Here we go. We got to go. This is how long it takes. But yeah. So now you go into a message like this. This is, this is what I'm saying. But yeah, you go into the message and say you want to reply to the message now. You can't. You can't look at. Oh, they just, they just randomly change this. Change the subject. Anyway, I could go on. I'm not going to because it's a Saturday and you need to go. But anyway, nothing like you see how beautiful drought psych is to my eyes.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah. Well, we're super excited to bring you all the way over into it. So I'll let you know when we have these updates. You just let me or Becca know when you want to start the e prescription, and then I would say talk to Jeanette and figure out what your next payer that you want to bring over is. It's probably best to just do it one at a time and just keep, keep that going. If you guys want to do five, totally good. But, you know, we're ready for the next one whenever you are.
Tracey Sanderbeck: All right, perfect. And just one quick question. You I you got, there are people that are using you as a full EHR because I don't see anything in.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yes.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Okay. Yep. So whenever I'm ready to start is it going to be before September. I think I'm just going to pare down and really start moving everything over and just. I may not maybe not even put my notes over there. I don't even know what's going to be over there. I might just end up having to pay them until I'm done in September. I don't know. But so there are people that I don't see anything in there that's not. The only thing that's not in there is the patient portal. And I know you're not going to have a portal. I know you're going to have like a running. We talked about it at the advisory thing. So that's the only thing that's not in there yet.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Exactly. Yeah. And what do you, what's the missing thing in the portal? Just so I know is it like communicating with patients?
Tracey Sanderbeck: Yeah, because I do use the patient portal just yeah.
Jackson Bierfeldt: So that was, that was this so that they can send you messages.
Tracey Sanderbeck: It's a secure and I use it. I personally use it for, I don't know what everybody else is doing, but I use it for a clinical questions. I can't wait to your next one. Basically it lives in the patient's chart so I can always go back so they can ask me. And just like I believe it was Nate told me, I know you're not going to have a patient portal. I think it's great patient portals are they're, they're dated people like you said, they don't want to create an account. They don't want to do this. They don't want to do that. But I saw that somewhere. I don't know if it was in that meeting that in the patient's record, you're going to have almost like a text feed or something like that.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah.
Tracey Sanderbeck: That's and so that would be the only piece that would be, and I'm hoping from what you guys said by the end of the year that that will be up in maybe
Jackson Bierfeldt: we'll definitely have that by September.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Okay, that's missing for me. And then other than that, I don't see, like I said, I'm starting to, you know, sure up my notes and lock them and so that they're living there and they're like. My record. So anyway, so we're good. Great.
Jackson Bierfeldt: So thanks for being super excited.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Yes, I am too. Thank you always for all your help and I look forward to meeting you in person.
Jackson Bierfeldt: All right. I'll see you soon, Tracy.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Take care. Jackson, bye bye.