Christopher Hume: That makes sense to you. Any questions about the assignment before we kind of break into character?
Ryan McAnelly: No, my just only question is this access to job site.
Christopher Hume: So do you not have access to job site yet?
Ryan McAnelly: I do not.
Christopher Hume: Okay, so what, so I guess you were like, reviewing the website and kind of our knowledge base and stuff like that.
Ryan McAnelly: Yeah, so I was like, you guys have some really good YouTube videos.
Christopher Hume: Okay.
Ryan McAnelly: Yeah. So I went through and watched Jackson go through the system, through the whole process, and then there's a bunch of other ones too, that I went through and got familiarized with the software that way.
Christopher Hume: Okay. Yeah. So I think. And this is certainly up to you, Ryan, but would it make sense? So I'll give you access right now. You can actually just log in. So if you go to job site.com.
Ryan McAnelly: okay.
Christopher Hume: In the top right hand corner, you'll see start your trial.
Ryan McAnelly: Okay.
Christopher Hume: And then you can just walk through the steps. So. And again, up to you. But what might make sense is if you want to take a day or two just to like, you know, the videos. The software's changing so quickly that some of those videos might be out of date. And I know kind of seeing, you know, experiencing that during an interview, kind of not super fun, certainly, if you want to. If you're like, no, let's rip the band aid off, let's do it right now. But I definitely want to set you up for success here. Would it make sense? Do you want like a day or two just to play around with the software like yourself?
Ryan McAnelly: Yeah, I mean, if that's. If that's possible.
Christopher Hume: Yeah, yeah. No penalty, anything like that. I know this has been a crazy process, and I literally was checking my drafts. I got on Thursday or Friday, halfway through writing you an email saying, hey, here's how you could sign up for your account. And then I just never sent it. Yeah. So is there. Let's just reschedule right now. And then I just want to again, put you in a position to succeed here, given that this has been, I'm sure, longer than most interview processes. Okay, so do you have time between 2:30 and 4:30 on Wednesday or between 11 and 1 on Wednesday?
Ryan McAnelly: Yeah, let's see. I think that should work. Yeah. Wednesday morning should be great.
Christopher Hume: Okay, perfect. So I have a meeting until 10, so let's do 10:30 just in case it goes on.
Ryan McAnelly: Cool.
Christopher Hume: I'm going to adjust this. Perfect. Let me know if that came through.
Ryan McAnelly: Yes, perfect.
Christopher Hume: Wonderful. We'll play around with the software. If you have any questions, like, this is a over the next day or two. I mean, this is just a test of your ability to learn. Please ask me questions. If you're like, chris, what the hell is going on? It's different from the videos. Just shoot me an email. I'm happy to answer it before Wednesday. And then. Yeah, let's do Wednesday. Having you've been in the software before, you'll be sharing your screen and walking me through. Yeah, awesome.
Ryan McAnelly: No, the instructions are so well laid out too. So this.
Christopher Hume: Perfect. Well, Ryan, I'm looking forward to chatting again on Wednesday. And stay warm down in Myrtle Beach.
Ryan McAnelly: Oh, man, me too.
Christopher Hume: Thanks. I need it. Bye.