Christopher Hume: More in person than emails.
Elisabeth Warner: How are you? I am a huge fan. I'm a telehealth provider. I'm a huge fan of camera on. It just requires a little more effort on my part, which I was loath to do and did not manage to do, needless to say. So let's get started. I'm really excited to meet with you. I did meet with Scriber on Monday. Okay. And tried them out with one note. And so just. But I think that when I first researched, it seemed like you have stayed top of mind for meeting the need I'm looking for. And I think that nudge to some extent. I watch all the time what other providers use. They rave about Heidi. They don't say a lot in my groups about jot psych. But somebody very early on I asked can they customize the template? And I can't remember if that was snug or draw psych. But my impression was that you might be able to have an AI that followed a specific template. And it means I don't have to recreate my templates. It means I can. So my problem is that I'm a quarter behind on notes because I'm a caregiver and I had to go east. I had to take care of my. My caregiver for my husband. He's a Vietnam veteran, 100% disabled. A caregiver for my dad, who's 96 on the east coast, and for my brother who's in Hawaii. So everything, you know, converged in a way that I had to down. I haven't been able to build my business. I'm trying to maintain the patience that I have. But if I wasn't spending a lot of time. If I wasn't spending a lot of time on documentation and billing and I have. I'm hiring a live person to build. But I can do it all on tabor and I love doing it. It's fun for me.
Elisabeth Warner: But this is my biggest problem. I. When I'm recording, it interrupts the recording. And I. Okay, so if yesterday I was recording on scribe and I have no control over the fact that somebody with a baby alpaca who's Sick is sending 10 messages and it. It messes up the recording.
Christopher Hume: So.
Elisabeth Warner: And I. I am not a person who dictates when I dictate. I'm hyperverbal, just like I am when I write. And so it takes me forever to. It's much. It's easier to write than it is to edit and to eliminate. So it take. If I can write a note in the course of a visit. Because I document concurrently, editing takes me three times as long as. And so this is where I need AI Because I can get the information down during an appointment, I can have everything in the note that's needed. I have my notes set up so by the time that patient is gone, the facts that I need are present. What I don't have is assignable note.
Christopher Hume: Okay.
Elisabeth Warner: And because I see patients back to back, At 3 o' clock I'm sort of done. I'm sort of emotionally and physically exhausted. I don't really. I've put everything out that I have and I don't have a lot of energy, the kind of energy I need to go back and redo it all, which is what it takes. And so I go out, my husband's waiting for me. He thinks I only work my on camera hours. So that's 11 to 3. I'm on camera, I'm done, you're late. It's, it's 3:30, you know, so he doesn't understand that most of my work time wise occurs outside of those hours. And so it's because I have to build, because I have to document, because I have to deal with all the logistics, administrative logistics of my business. It's not going to happen while I'm on camera. But for him, my on camera time is my work hours. So all that said, I'm trying to figure out a way, I mean, with Scriber, they're very good, but I would have to abandon what I'm currently doing and at this moment they don't have a way for me to catch up on backnotes without going back and dictating everything, which is a horrible waste of time. It's probably faster for me to fix them than it is for me to try to dictate them. I'm trying to figure out what AI can and can't do. Do I need live, which I'm open to, or is there a fit that allows me to do it, keep doing what I'm doing, fix what I haven't done and keep moving forward? Does that make sense?
Christopher Hume: Yeah, no, that, that certainly makes sense, Lisa. And I guess just a little bit a question for you. Are these, what type of visits are these typically? Are these therapy and medication management?
Elisabeth Warner: Yes. 99 follow up. I'm willing to do all my intakes. I love my intakes. I have a beautiful intact take template. I don't do them so often that I'm not willing to do them and do them well. That information moves forward into my follow up because they're very similar templates. But the majority of the work I do is on a single follow up template. I very rarely deviate. And when I do, I'd be willing to do that deviation myself. You know, I don't feel the need to have. I'm basically okay with one follow up template. That's my primary need. I work in Tebra and what I would love is for an AI that followed me in Tebra during the visit and just took the information I had and made sure it was put where it needed to be.
Christopher Hume: Okay. Yeah.
Christopher Hume: I mean, you'd certainly do that in Jatsych. And then the other question. So you are setting up kind of your, your billing. How do you do billing now? It sounds like you're going to be hiring a biller.
Elisabeth Warner: Well, I don't know. I love doing the billing. I'm probably going to hire, what do they call them, a virtual assistant. Because again, it's just plugging in and I don't need a biller. Teber does absolutely everything. They've got a beautiful billing system. Their billing system is actually. Better than their note system because they took patient pop or something. They have a brilliant billing system with reports and everything. It's lovely, it's very systematic. So if I, in my, the bottom of my note fill in a very simple form which is diagnosis, which comes forward, if you've already said it, and diagnosis code, which either comes forward or you can switch it, you know, or sorry, not diagnosis code, billing code, which again I use. I have a little chart and I just pick it off the chart pending minutes mostly. So I do psychotherapy and meds and how many minutes. And I have a range of minutes. I look at the minutes, I fall in, I use that code. So I throw in the code, it's usually two codes and send to billing. So you click send to billing and it organizes all of your encounters and it gives you lists of the ones you've built, the ones you haven't. And once you're in billing, the billing process, trying to think, it's a lot of. It's automated.
Christopher Hume: Okay.
Elisabeth Warner: And so really I just have to fix the ones that don't go through or whatever. Like I think I have to go in there because it goes in as a draft and I have to actually make the drafts move in my billing software and then deal with anything that doesn't go through. And I'm credentialed with all the insurances. I'm wonderful electronic with all the insurances. So I've got. Because that's a whole new step is getting electronic, which is the almost worse than getting credentialed.
Elisabeth Warner: So all that works done. And all I have to do is being able to manage my software. And so if I get behind on that, I feel like a virtual assistant could. It's so rote and on the few I can't that don't work because. Because I have repeat patients. So in the beginning, if one doesn't go through, well, it's a call to the insurance company, you know, or I have some prior auth calls, but those are really rare. And if I'm up with everything else, it's not a big deal. So yes, it's a rote task and if AI wants to do it, that's great. But I haven't figured out if AI does temporal billing or not.
Christopher Hume: Okay, no, that, that. And how do you do eligibility checks for your patients? Do you.
Elisabeth Warner: So you're automatic.
Christopher Hume: Automatic, okay.
Elisabeth Warner: It's all automatic. So I mean, for somebody who's going to be a one one arm paper hanger, tepper's great because once you go through the horrible experience of onboarding, and I went in as a partnership and then had to go solo, and they got our accounts mixed up, and it was a complete nightmare for almost a year. But once you're in, a lot is automated, so eligibility is automated if you put the right stuff in the right way. Billing is pretty much automated, and you just have to catch the fallout.
Christopher Hume: Okay, wonderful then. So we actually have a whole billing audit eligibility check function as well. Which I know, actually, but to be respectful of your time, I think first, Lisa, what I'll review with you is how you can customize your templates in Job site so we can make sure you have your template. You love it. You can use job site and not change that up. And then secondly, I can show you how we can kind of, given your situation, maybe have Jot Psych help you catch up on some of those notes and then how you can use this for future notes with. With your patients. So let me share my screen.
Elisabeth Warner: Let me just get. I'm gonna get a piece of paper to write on. Hang on just a second. Are you familiar with Scriber?
Christopher Hume: I'm not super familiar with Scriber.
Elisabeth Warner: I was just going to say if you can tell me what you do that they don't, it would be a huge leap forward. But if you're not familiar, that's fine.
Christopher Hume: No, sorry. I wish, I wish I could help a little more there, but I could give you an overview of what we do.
Elisabeth Warner: That's.
Christopher Hume: That's great.
Elisabeth Warner: That's perfect.
Christopher Hume: So what we'll do is I'll show you how you record with Jot Psych, then we'll talk about how you can train your notes and then we'll go over your templates. Okay. And then if we have any time. Well, it. Actually, I know we're only set up for 15 minutes. I can probably go until 1:20. But Lisa, maybe what would make 30 minutes?
Elisabeth Warner: Okay, I guess I. Sorry. That's not. Just not enough. I'm going to tell you, I allowed an hour because 15 minutes is just never going to customize a, an AI for a sole provider. The other thing I should know right up front is I'm a sole provider. I see patients 11 to three, three days a week. And so I. If you don't have any adaptation for somebody who's not going to use 30 hours or more, I'm not a good candidate because I only see patients 12 hours a week.
Christopher Hume: Okay. And I'm sorry, how many patients a week are you seeing?
Elisabeth Warner: Well, right now, because I have to do the documentation I have, I do hour appointments, so it's a max of 12. So if I have support and can do half hour appointments, I would say my max would probably be 20.
Christopher Hume: Okay.
Elisabeth Warner: With intakes and no shows and everything. Yeah.
Christopher Hume: Yep.
Elisabeth Warner: And that's max with everything going like butter.
Christopher Hume: Yeah. Okay, so our. We are rolling out like a tiered system for low use. But our low use is less than 15 notes a month. That's typically for students or people who are just trying us out.
Elisabeth Warner: That would work, honestly, because right now I'm not even making 12.
Christopher Hume: Okay? So actually a month. That's a month. That's a month, yeah.
Elisabeth Warner: Oh, okay. I was talking about a week and I'm doing about, I would say 20 to 24. A month.
Christopher Hume: So Lisa, I'll walk you through. I mean we can get you set up with a trial so you can play around with Jot Psych. There's no credit card or anything like that required to sign up. And then maybe. So I'll do the quick demo today. Maybe we could do a more in depth demo on Friday. Once you've been able to play around with it, see what works, what doesn't work, we can go from there. Does that sound like a plan ahead?
Elisabeth Warner: Does. Yeah. And I've got clinical AI on Thursday. Okay. So. And I, I just signed up for three just because I figured that was. And two lives. So Friday I have open and I can do 11 o' clock again if that works for you.
Christopher Hume: Let me see. I'm. It actually looks like I am booked up until 1245. Would, would anytime after 1245 work for you?
Elisabeth Warner: Yeah, let's. I don't have any idea what's happening on Friday. I don't even know if I have appointments. I just, I'm like, no idea. So let's just do, do you want to have a little break in between? Do you want to do one o' clock or is 12.
Christopher Hume: One o' clock is perfect.
Elisabeth Warner: One is perfect.
Christopher Hume: Yeah. Just in case it goes long or something.
Elisabeth Warner: Let's. Let's do that. Just to give you a little breathing room and a little window. We tend to make our appointments between 11 and 1. If I don't already, if I have something, I'll let you know.
Elisabeth Warner: But let's set up for one o'. Clock.
Christopher Hume: Yep. And I just sent that your way.
Christopher Hume: Okay, so let's, let's make sure we can do at least a little bit of our demo today. So Lisa, to record with Jot Psych, you go here, press the record button. And so what that does is it takes you to the recording page where you can then select your patient or type in a new patient.
Elisabeth Warner: Now, quick question. I have to do that on a separate device, right? I can't do it because my microphone is being used by my telehealth.
Christopher Hume: Oh no, it's recommended that you. I would certainly recommend doing it on the same device, actually. So you can just have them both on your computer or.
Elisabeth Warner: Oh, that's so much better. That's why I was running with my phone is because I couldn't do it at the same time.
Elisabeth Warner: Oh, that's fabulous.
Christopher Hume: Then you select your session type and your template. So we're gonna. We'll customize yours, but for today, we'll do therapy and med check. Then you just record. Have it recording during your session in person, remote, as you normally would. Talk, talk, talk. And then at the end of the session, Lisa, you press stop and generate note.
Christopher Hume: Okay, so I. I know it sounds like you have a lot of, like, sort of written notes that you need to convert into kind of from the past month. Is that correct? That you need to convert into.
Elisabeth Warner: From the past quarter. So the question is September through December. So the question is this, can you do document to document or.
Christopher Hume: So you can't do solely document to document, but what you can do is you can paste in here, Lisa, where it says additional notes. You can paste a note and then as long as you record at least five seconds about the session. So you paste everything right in here. Then you record for five seconds, you say, I saw Chris Hume at. Yep. And that's honestly all you need to say. And then you can generate note and it will use your context and the pasted text to create a note for you.
Elisabeth Warner: Okay, that's what I need.
Elisabeth Warner: So just FYI, you're a step ahead. Scriber is a few weeks out from document to document, but okay, this is better because it uses all. Everything the same. Except. And that's what I need because my template's the same, I'm using the same template and so I need it to convert my information to that template. And it's all the same. And so that way. And what I've done. I don't know if this makes a difference, if we can talk about this on Friday, but what I've done is cumulative notes. So I have the same template and I fill in for. Let's just make it August, September, October, November, that date in every section with the new information.
Christopher Hume: Oh, interesting.
Elisabeth Warner: Okay. All in the same note. So all I'd have to do is pull out the previous note and throw in. And it's just a note.
Christopher Hume: So I.
Elisabeth Warner: Because I want that information. And usually it's a salt forward, same as last time. So usually I have it by salting forward. So now I salt forward. But I have a list of dates so I know exactly what happened the previous month. So I have context.
Elisabeth Warner: So all I have to do to copy and paste it in there is take out the ones I've already made a note from.
Christopher Hume: Exactly.
Elisabeth Warner: That is brilliant. And it's a thousand times better. Yes, because it works. So that's what I haven't been able to find. So if I. If that actually works and I will try it. The trick is right now, until Friday, I'm going to try it with whatever template you have. So in my account, is it possible to have whatever you have? I'll pass. So what I did with Scriber, just because it's my only frame of reference, is they. They give you limited templates. So I got psych follow up, psych intake, soap note and treatment plan. And I think they had two things I couldn't tell which was which on the psych intake, probably one's therapy and one's medical. And I couldn't tell the difference in the interview. So I just got four templates and then I took a note, I recorded a note, and I put a recorded live note into each of the four templates to see what I got.
Christopher Hume: Okay.
Elisabeth Warner: And then I could see what I was working with, what I'll do then. The next step before Friday would be to put the. That align that with the template I'm using and say what template changes do I need?
Christopher Hume: Yep.
Elisabeth Warner: Meanwhile, I can send you my current templates.
Christopher Hume: So actually what you can do, Lisa, is if you go to JOT Psych, you go note templates, you can just upload your template here. So you push upload template.
Elisabeth Warner: Huh?
Christopher Hume: And then you can just upload it and JOT Psych will walk you through creating your template within the software.
Elisabeth Warner: Okay. Because this is my thing. I know my templates don't leave anything out that I have to have in an audit, but I don't have a list of what I need in the audit. So I'm scared to change because I know mine are safe, but I don't know how to make another safe one.
Elisabeth Warner: So my next question really quickly that I forgot to ask is what process did you go through to make sure that your templates will pass a Medicaid audit set or Medicare audit?
Christopher Hume: That is a great question. So we have the standard templates which. No, that's it. The standard templates. I actually don't know the engineering on the back end. But we have, as I said, we're rolling out this JOT bill, this whole billing focus. And so what we have now is JOT audit.
Elisabeth Warner: Well and honest, if yours is cheaper, I'll switch from Tebra, but Tebras is a pretty good one system you're building that now. I'm just going to interrupt you for a second because this is really interesting. Let me give you a clue if you want to be able to save providers like me, because every provider is going to ask this question, especially medical providers. I can give you three resources. Headway, Griswold and Medicare. All the insurance is. Medicare's the top. All the insurance is frame according to Medicare guidelines. And I have two people who are doing side things. Headway's huge. It's national. There's is don't make any mistakes, pass all your audits. Don't have clawbats. And then Griswold teaches courses on it. But I mean it wouldn't take very long for somebody to put it into, I don't know, chat GPT or something and say are we missing anything?
Christopher Hume: And that's what we've actually done with our new, with our new notes. So we'll have jot. Excuse me, we'll have with JOT audit, it will review Medicaid requirements, it'll review other payer requirements and it will craft the note so it meets those requirements and then it will even tell you in the note. So that's something we can turn on for you, Lisa, on Friday.
Elisabeth Warner: That's what I need. I just need to make sure that my stuff will pass an audit, because if it doesn't, I'll lose all the money I've earned.
Christopher Hume: Yeah. Oh, no.
Elisabeth Warner: But I have to have a Tempo template that meets those criteria. And that's really all I care about, because right now I'm borrowing an old VA template because I know it's safe. And the minute I went off that template in the VA because they said I didn't have to use it, they criticize. They. Criticize my notes. So I've been jumping from safe template to set template, but they're duplicative. And why I can't keep up with my notes is because you take all the information from the top and bring it to the bottom. And I have a visual disability, and I can't copy, so I can't get. I have to write it down. I have to bring it down. I have to copy it. I just can't do it. And so because of my disability, I can't transfer information in the note. And so it's all there. They just don't get signed because they're not signable.
Elisabeth Warner: Okay, I'm at.
Christopher Hume: Well, I would love what I'll do. Lisa, I'm sorry. I need to jump.
Elisabeth Warner: I get it. I get it.
Christopher Hume: I'll. I'll follow up with the link to sign up for jot Psych. Do you have your account yet?
Elisabeth Warner: No, I don't think so.
Christopher Hume: I'll follow up with the link. No credit card. It'll take a few minutes. You can play around, and then any questions you have on Friday, we can get those answered and make sure you have the full trial to try us out.
Elisabeth Warner: I think I've given you enough information to know I need. I'll pull out my templates. And you are. I can tell from this amount of time ahead of Scriber. I feel very sorry for Scriber because I was impressed with what they could do, but you can do more. So I need help.
Christopher Hume: Wonderful. Wonderful. Well, we're here to help Lisa, and I'm looking forward to chatting on Friday.
Elisabeth Warner: I appreciate you. Thank you for your time, sir.
Christopher Hume: Have a great day. Bye.
Elisabeth Warner: Bye. Bye.