Jack Waugh: Hi, Beverly. How are you?
bbwatkins: Oh, I'm okay. How are you, Jack?
Jack Waugh: I'm doing great. Yeah. Well, good to. Good to talk to you again. I know we were gonna run through some stuff today, and.
bbwatkins: But how I just wanted to get a chance to do anything.
bbwatkins: Okay, so that's where I'm at.
bbwatkins: That's totally fine.
Jack Waugh: Yeah, well, we can run through things today and kind of walk through how you make a note with jot psych and. Okay, any questions you have.
bbwatkins: So.
Jack Waugh: Okay, well, let's get. Logged in. And just let me know once you're in there. And if you want to share your screen, you can do that.
bbwatkins: What am I. What am I. What am I supposed to do? I'm just waiting for you at this point. Right?
Jack Waugh: Yeah. So why don't. Why don't I have you. Are you logged into jot psych right now?
bbwatkins: No.
Jack Waugh: Okay, so let's get you logged in first.
bbwatkins: Okay. What kind of weather are you having where you are?
Jack Waugh: We're. So I'm. I'm in Nashville right now.
bbwatkins: We're having.
Jack Waugh: Yeah, yeah. I go back and forth between here and Washington, DC, which is where jot psych is or was originally based out of. But we're having pretty good weather right now. It's. It's really like a nice, like 70 degree kind of even. I have to check. I haven't been outside yet today. But actually, let's see. Looks like more of the same today, actually. How about you? How about yourself?
bbwatkins: Well, it's supposed to get up to 90 today here in Illinois, which is crazy. Yeah, we. Our weather's been. More than bizarre, so. Which is concerning.
Jack Waugh: Oh, yeah, I can imagine. Well, I hope you guys get a little bit of. A little bit of cool to balance it out coming up soon.
bbwatkins: And me both.
Jack Waugh: Yeah.
bbwatkins: Can we do a mock assessment? I could ask myself the questions, and I could do the role play, or you could be the client if you can come up with something.
Jack Waugh: Either or whatever works best. I could even have chat GPT type us up with script or something. So we can go through.
bbwatkins: That's a thought.
Jack Waugh: Let me see here. Okay, so did you. Were you able to log in?
bbwatkins: How do I do that? I. Nothing's coming up.
Jack Waugh: Oh, okay. Yeah. So let me. Let me send you a link to your email that you can. So this link is kind of like.
bbwatkins: No, I need to go back to my email.
Jack Waugh: Yeah, just so you can log in, because I want to make sure you see how. How it works as far as using it rather than me just sharing my screen with you. It's probably better if you are able to do it on your end, if that's okay with you.
bbwatkins: Oh, yeah. I'm trying to minimize this. Then when I click back onto Firefox, it just brings me back here. So I'm not sure how to get. To my email.
Jack Waugh: Oh, yeah. So you see at the top of your browser window how there are different, like, tabs.
bbwatkins: Oh. Oh, that's right. We went through that.
Jack Waugh: So there's different tabs at the top of that, and you can kind of go over.
bbwatkins: To. I see the login. Log in to jot psych here. Okay.
Jack Waugh: Yeah.
bbwatkins: Okay. I am in.
Jack Waugh: Okay, awesome. So. I'll have you share. So what you're going to do, see in the middle of our. Our chat window here, how there's, like, a little. The bottom of the screen. And there's, like, a little computer icon.
bbwatkins: It has, like, go back to.
Jack Waugh: Yeah. So you go back to our window.
bbwatkins: Would that be made? Okay. All right. Okay.
Jack Waugh: So see in the bottom of our little window here, we're talking. There's like a computer icon with an arrow. Pointing up.
bbwatkins: I see the arrow. Is that the one?
Jack Waugh: I think that's the one. Yeah, it has, like, an arrow.
bbwatkins: Yeah.
Jack Waugh: And then you have to select with window.
bbwatkins: Well, there's. A thing like that. I don't see anything that looks like. A computer.
Jack Waugh: Okay, let me. Let me see. Are you in our window where we're like the meat link window where we're talking? Okay, so it's at the very bottom of that window. And then there's, like, a little comp. It's almost like two boxes, and it has an arrow pointing up. In the box. Okay, so you clicked on that.
bbwatkins: Yeah, the. The arrow pointing down. And so I clicked on it. And there's a thing up here. It's got the thing that looks like. With a K and then a microphone. Zoom. Something with a red dot. Nothing that looks like a computer.
Jack Waugh: Okay, let's. I don't think that's the right thing. So let me. Let me see if I can. Let's get out of that and just go back to our meeting link. So let me. Let me try this one more time. Let me see here. I'm going to send a picture of what I'm talking about.
bbwatkins: To our. In the chat. Or do we have a chat?
Jack Waugh: Okay. Yeah, we do. So give me one second. Okay. So I just sent it to you in our chat window here. And if you look to see, it's like a little. It's that little icon right in the middle. Under faces.
bbwatkins: It. It took me back to the Google sign in. I don't want that.
Jack Waugh: Oh, okay. So I think you're on a different tab, probably. So you probably want to go back into our. Our chat window.
bbwatkins: I am. I'm there. And it said Jack Watson and Amage. And my face, your face. And then the chat over here on the right. I think I'm in the right.
Jack Waugh: Yeah. And then if you. So if you open up, did you see the chat window message I just said? Okay. And do you see that little icon?
bbwatkins: It just said you sent an image. And when I clicked on it, it took me to Google.
Jack Waugh: Oh, I see.
bbwatkins: So you know what you have to sign in.
Jack Waugh: Okay, let me send it to your email. Let me check this. If we can't get it, though, it's not a big deal.
Jack Waugh: It's because I can always share mine. But. Okay. All right. I just sent that to your email.
bbwatkins: I haven't. Haven't gotten it yet, but it tends to take a minute.
Jack Waugh: Yeah, no problem. Do you have a pretty busy week ahead of you with patients?
bbwatkins: Oh, always. But I do have time today.
Jack Waugh: Awesome.
bbwatkins: Okay, there it is.
Jack Waugh: Okay. Yeah. So you see what I'm. See that little button I'm talking about there?
bbwatkins: Oh, yeah. It looks like headphones.
Jack Waugh: Yeah, it's. It's kind of like. Like there. See how there's all those little icons, like.
Jack Waugh: And there's one of them. It has, like, a little arrow. It's right in the middle next to the smiley face.
bbwatkins: I don't have a smiley. Yeah, I do.
Jack Waugh: Okay.
Jack Waugh: Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
bbwatkins: So should I try to click on that?
Jack Waugh: Just to click that, and then you should see the jot psych tab come up as one of the things in the list from there.
bbwatkins: Have that icon when I come back here.
Jack Waugh: Okay, well, let me just share my screen then.
Jack Waugh: And we can. It's. It'll work the same way either way. You can always follow along with your jot psych if you want to. But. Okay. So. If we're going to record. Can you see this? Okay.
bbwatkins: Yes. Okay, cool.
Jack Waugh: If we're going to record a patient encounter, we would just go here on this kind of record window button. And, you know, we're going to select if it's a new patient. We would do intake. So is that.
Jack Waugh: Is that the type of scenario we're running through today?
bbwatkins: Something like that. Yeah.
Jack Waugh: Okay.
bbwatkins: Psychiatric intake. Yeah.
Jack Waugh: Gotcha. And here I'll put this patient, say, Jane B. And then we would just hit start encounter once we. Start recording once we're ready to go. So what do you want? What kind of stuff do you want me to talk? If I. If I the patient or am I.
bbwatkins: How do you want to do this? I'll ask about your presenting problem. Okay. And then I'll ask about details about that and how long it's been going on. Then I'll ask you about. Probably who you losing your household. And if there's some indications of trauma, I will probably ask you about. Your childhood. It's pretty detailed.
Jack Waugh: Okay.
bbwatkins: But I'll try not to make it real.
Jack Waugh: Well, I'm having chat GPT here kind of just write me out a script so I can. I can. Oh, okay. To say, okay. Okay. One second.
bbwatkins: What first name are you going to go by?
Jack Waugh: I am going to go by. Let's see what it comes up with here. Marcus.
bbwatkins: Oh, that's my son's name.
Jack Waugh: Unusual. We can go with a different name.
bbwatkins: Oh, that's fine.
Jack Waugh: Okay. I think this should. This should work here. So let's hit the record button. And I am now Marcus.
bbwatkins: Okay. Okay. Hi, Marcus. It's nice to meet you. I usually go by Beverly or Dr. Beverly. So whatever you're comfortable with. I'll probably ask a lot of questions. I might write a lot of things down. And hopefully we can make a good start and get to know each other. Be sure you're. You're comfortable. So tell me what brings you in today.
Jack Waugh: Yep. I've been experiencing increasing irritability and just kind of Outbursts of anger. I'm noticing I'm also having trouble sleeping. And sometimes I'm coping too much with drinking as well.
bbwatkins: How long would you say this has been going on?
Jack Waugh: It's been going on about the last year.
bbwatkins: So it's not real new then. What prompted you to seek help at this time?
Jack Waugh: I think it's been causing maintaining relationships. So with my wife and my. My son, things or my ex-wife it's just been limited contact. And now my teenage son doesn't want to see me. As much. So that's been causing problems. Too.
bbwatkins: Well, how do you feel about that?
Jack Waugh: I feel constantly like I'm on edge. And just constantly in an irritated state.
bbwatkins: Well, how do you feel about the fact that it's causing. Some problems with your son especially?
Jack Waugh: Oh, I felt a bit of guilt because I didn't initially reach out to repair things with him.
bbwatkins: Okay. Have you tried to stop drinking? Ever?
Jack Waugh: Yeah, I've tried, and I've been kind of on and off with it throughout my life, so it's always been a coping for me.
bbwatkins: Has it. Okay. So what was your drinking pattern like before this anxiety? And stress started?
Jack Waugh: Well, let's see. I mean, I started drinking when I was in high school. I was definitely raised in a strict household. My father was very harsh disciplinarian. And would kind of try and intimidate us physically. So you didn't really, you know, there wasn't a lot of room for emotional expression. It was really more just don't talk, you know, just kind of deal with it. And alcohol was a way to deal with it at that time, too.
bbwatkins: That makes sense. I think I get it. Yeah. So you're divorced?
Jack Waugh: Yes. I was married at 25, and then we got divorced last year.
bbwatkins: And how old did you, did you say your son is?
Jack Waugh: He's 14.
bbwatkins: Oh, okay. Do you have joint custody or how does the custody thing work?
Jack Waugh: Well, we have joint custody right now, but my ex-wife is. Trying to fight for full custody because she doesn't think I'm fit to take care of him.
bbwatkins: Oh, that's. That's pretty heavy duty.
Jack Waugh: Yeah, it's unfortunate.
bbwatkins: Are you guys actually in a. Court battle at this point?
Jack Waugh: It hasn't moved there yet, but it might continue to progress there if things continue. And that's part of why I. I reached out.
bbwatkins: Well, yeah, I'm really glad you did. How does it feel to be able to kind of talk about it at this point?
Jack Waugh: Well, it feels good. You know, I'd like to solve the problem. I'd like to get this situation so I could see my son under control, but it definitely feels better to talk about it and. And, you know, work toward that.
bbwatkins: Okay. Do you take any medications?
Jack Waugh: I do not.
bbwatkins: None. Okay. You know, it sounds like to kind of jump start things. Maybe we should refer you to a prescriber. In our practice. But, you know, that doesn't mix very well with drinking. So, I mean, how would you feel about not drinking?
Jack Waugh: Well, I think I'm gonna have to try to not drink because that's going to be a big part of. Getting this right. But it's always been something that's a cope for me. So that's. That's where I struggle with. But if I can find a way to stop drinking and, you know, have that not be a part of my life, that would be great.
bbwatkins: So it sounds like we need to work on some coping skills.
Jack Waugh: Dad. Definitely.
bbwatkins: Okay, so that would be probably be our main goal. What is your relationship with your ex? Like?
Jack Waugh: Well. She had always kind of pushed my buttons in the past. But I think we would kind of. Butt head sometimes, but sometimes we would, you know, get along well. It was kind of an ebb and flow. But I think with this anger stuff, that's really that kind of caused the problem that led to our divorce.
bbwatkins: How long have you been divor? Ced?
Jack Waugh: A little over a year now?
bbwatkins: Oh, okay. Okay. I think you said that. So this. This issue that you're coming for help with is definitely tied to the divorce. Okay. How would you say your son reacted when you guys split up?
Jack Waugh: Well. I would say he withdrew a bit. And he became. He talked less, you know, didn't. Didn't want to talk to me as much. That was definitely part of it. Yeah. So I'd like to repair that as well.
bbwatkins: Well, maybe in the future we could have him come with you to some sessions. But it sounds like, you know. A lot of people don't want to hear this. But it kind of sounds like the first thing we need to do is to work on. At least some initial sobriety. I know that people usually don't like to commit to that long term. And we can discourage. We can talk about. Excuse me. The pros and cons. But what would you think about trying to not drink between now and when it. When we reschedule you, say, for next week or the week after?
Jack Waugh: Yeah, I think that's a good plan. I think that's definitely the direction I would need to head in.
bbwatkins: Okay, I do need for you to tell me what. What you're drinking pattern is, because if there's a risk of alcohol withdrawal, we want to be sure that we have some resources. In place. I mean, some people just basically have to taper off, even though that's. Right. That can be hard to do on your own.
Jack Waugh: Yeah. I don't know if I have a real alcoholism problem, but I I definitely go through periods where I binge drink. So I'll go through periods where I drink a lot, maybe once a week, twice a week, and then other days of the week, I might have a beer or two or three at the max.
bbwatkins: I don't know if you're aware, but any for a guy any more than two on a single occasion. Is. Is considered avenged. Were you aware of that?
Jack Waugh: I wasn't. No.
bbwatkins: Most people aren't. So if you're not alone and not knowing about that. So in the last week, what is the pattern?
Jack Waugh: Behind? Well, let's see. On Friday, I definitely drank a lot. And then on Sunday, I think I had three or four beers, and then I probably had a couple during the week, too, before that.
bbwatkins: Do you know how much your drying plant Friday?
Jack Waugh: I would say maybe had about 10 drinks with some friends.
bbwatkins: Oh, was it all beer or was it a mix?
Jack Waugh: It was a mix.
bbwatkins: It was okay. Well, you know, 10 was a pretty big Taiwan on.
Jack Waugh: I'd say so. Yeah.
bbwatkins: How did you feel the next day?
Jack Waugh: I was pretty hungover the next day from that, so that didn't help things either.
bbwatkins: Did you see your son over the weekend?
Jack Waugh: No, I didn't.
bbwatkins: Okay. But right now you still have. Joint custody. So do you drink when he's around?
Jack Waugh: Typically not more than two beers when he's around at the max.
bbwatkins: Well, if we could give this sobriety a try and I can actually check in with you every couple of days, if that would be helpful.
Jack Waugh: Yeah, that. That would be good. I appreciate that. Okay.
bbwatkins: You might consider going to a 12-step program. Again, people don't usually jump on that idea right away. And you said, well, I don't think that I really have alcoholism, but they're different patterns. Of. What do you call it? Alcoholism. Problem drinking. Alcohol use disorder, which is the official, what we call it officially. If it's. If it's causing a problem, 12-step program really can help you get honest with yourself and other people. Around you. But, you know, we don't have to jump on that, like today. But. You. You seem like you would be open to it.
Jack Waugh: I wouldn't be opposed to it. I I guess it makes sense to try doing it. Myself first and.
bbwatkins: And see if I can do
Jack Waugh: it that way, but I wouldn't necessarily be opposed to it.
bbwatkins: Well, another thing, it gives you a community of people that you can reach out to. A lot of people who are heavy drinkers. Their relationships or friendships or their network is based around. Events that involve drinking. And if your friends aren't gonna, you know, it can. It can be difficult to be the only person in a crowd. That's not drinking, and it can also be. An unnecessary stress. But again, these are things that we. We can work on as we go.
Jack Waugh: Okay, that makes sense.
bbwatkins: Could you give me an overview of what it was like when you were growing up?
Jack Waugh: Yeah, I can. And Beverly, just for time's sake, I may have to stop because I'll probably have to hop off our call. I want to make sure we have enough time to go over everything today. Okay. That little quick glimpse for now.
bbwatkins: Or is there any other things we can wrap it up? Yeah.
Jack Waugh: Is there anything else you want to make sure you get into the note?
bbwatkins: We will explore family and background. History in the future.
Jack Waugh: Okay. I'm gonna add that here. Exploring family and background history in future session. Okay. Perfect.
bbwatkins: Yeah.
Jack Waugh: There you go. I I just had chat GPT write me up something. Gave a pretty detailed.
bbwatkins: Okay.
Jack Waugh: Okay. So I'm having a generate the note now. And then let's see. And did you see how I did that there on the screen? I hit after stop. I hit generate note.
bbwatkins: Okay. Okay. Yeah.
Jack Waugh: Okay. Let's see. So we'll give this a second. Okay. Here we go.
bbwatkins: What is CC? Okay. Okay.
Jack Waugh: The HPI. Let me know if I'm scrolling too fast. But.
bbwatkins: Well, I'm getting most of it. Looks good. Really? Yeah. Looks like the hell out of me, right now, you know?
Jack Waugh: Yeah, it's. You know, rather than having to sit there for an hour doing this note, it kind of just picked up everything.
bbwatkins: And made, like, And then medications.
Jack Waugh: None. Social history. Mentioned the strict household thing.
bbwatkins: Oh, yeah. Okay. Would you be able to insert. Like, educational history? Can you go back and do that?
Jack Waugh: Yeah. So what you can do here and under. Would that be under family history, or do you want it's a. It to be its own section?
bbwatkins: Be finding family history.
Jack Waugh: Yeah. So you can always say, like, when you're editing this, you click here. And then see how over to the right, this little chat window pops up. Here. Okay. It's like this part of the screen where I'm highlighting.
bbwatkins: Oh, yeah.
Jack Waugh: Yeah. So this lets you actually change the template. And what you can do is say you want to make sure you say, like, from now on. So that way it knows to make the change on the template going forward. Always. And you want to make sure you're, you've selected the family history section. Okay. So you say from now on, always include educational. History in this section going forward. And then you just click this little arrow and it'll make that change.
bbwatkins: Okay.
Jack Waugh: And you can do that with anything. Like if you wanted a section to be bullet points or if you wanted it to be longer or shorter, you can always use this little AI assistant to make that change there in any section.
bbwatkins: Okay.
Jack Waugh: Okay. Then we got psychiatric history. Substance use. Sleep history. Assessment. Safety assessment. And then DSM codes as well. Pulled up based on the encounter and ICD billing codes, I think are later down here. Oh, and then we have a follow-up email to the patient. And then, yeah, the billing codes there.
bbwatkins: Okay.
Jack Waugh: So basically, when you are signing off on this note or when you're ready to go, you would just hit this little copy all sections button. Obviously, you can always make edits here and change anything you want to. Or if you only want certain sections, you can just select some of them. And you just hit copy selected.
bbwatkins: Okay.
Jack Waugh: Does that, does that all make sense?
bbwatkins: Yeah, it does.
Jack Waugh: Okay, cool.
bbwatkins: Wow.
Jack Waugh: Any, any other questions also or any other things you want to make sure we walk through or does this look like you think you got, got the hang of it?
bbwatkins: Now? This is very helpful. Again, I just need to play with it and see what I can do.
Jack Waugh: Okay. Awesome. Yeah. Well, while you're doing that, definitely keep me posted how, how that's working for you. And I know I think maybe you had mentioned this at some point, but, you know, did you say there were other people in your clinic who might want to use job site? Because, you know, I would love to actually have this be a thing or clinic pays for rather than you having to pay for it.
bbwatkins: I haven't really seen the person that I need to talk to. But, yeah, I can work on that in the next couple of days. Yeah, he's cheap, though, so I'm not. I think really is.
Jack Waugh: Well, I can understand that. So just for a few options, you can do whatever you see best. I mean, I'm happy to reach out to him as well if you'd like to pass on his information if you don't, if you think that would be easier, just let me know. I'm. I'm happy to do that.
bbwatkins: Don't quote me.
Jack Waugh: That's fine. That's fine. Or also what you can do is we can give you a referral code if you just want to refer other Physicians. And that gives you a discount on your jot psych account.
bbwatkins: Too. Oh. Oh, okay.
Jack Waugh: So if there's just, rather than the whole practice, I mean, obviously we'd love to have everyone, but if you find it's only going to be some providers, if he's not going to go for it, we can, you know, give you a referral code so you can get a little money back to referring other people, too.
bbwatkins: So what kind of money are we talking about?
Jack Waugh: I think I have to actually look up what we do, but I know it's like a pretty good bonus. Let me actually, let me check on that really quick. Okay. It's actually here in your account. There's like a little, see your upper initials up here. Upper right hand corner.
bbwatkins: Yeah.
Jack Waugh: It says referral program. And so you earn both people will get a 50 off credit. Of their next month of job psych when someone signs up.
bbwatkins: Okay.
Jack Waugh: And I believe you can refer multiple people. So if you refer a bunch of people, you know, you might get the next month for free.
bbwatkins: So. Yeah, that'd be great.
Jack Waugh: Awesome. Well, yeah, keep me posted. Like I said, if there's someone you want me to reach out to, I'm happy to do that. You know, no pressure there.
Jack Waugh: But what, what do you think would be best as the next step there?
bbwatkins: Yeah, I'll give that some thought.
Jack Waugh: Okay, sure.
bbwatkins: Okay. Well, thank you for your time, Jack.
Jack Waugh: Awesome. Well, I appreciate it, Beverly. And, yeah, let me know how you're finding everything in the meantime.
bbwatkins: Okay, sounds good.
Jack Waugh: Okay. Take care.
bbwatkins: Enjoy Nashville. There's things to see if you have time.
Jack Waugh: Oh, yeah. No, it's definitely a lot.