Nathan Peereboom: Then. And then with Amanda, we had to do a little horse training last night over text to get her to sign the msa.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, so I'll, I'll write that up, but you should. The, the big tldr is that I don't really want you to do price negotiations with her. I mean, she signed the msa. She's like agreeing to like the terms, but she's like, got like a little itch that she needs to scratch. And I gave her a bunch of concessions, including this like, thousand dollars kickback if we all get rolling in the week and, you know, all that stuff. But the thing with Amanda that I'm really excited about is we're only going to start out by billing for her three worst payers. She's got three payers that are bad. And what's awesome about that is I think that there's a really cool opportunity for a case study there.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: And she's so frustrated by the whole thing that if we can just execute on these three payers, I think that she's going to be really happy and I think we're going to win the practice. And I think that she can. She's one of those people who like, really just should be doing clinical care and is like, I mean, I'll, I'll send you the, the jock note deck. But, you know, she. It's a mess and there's just a ton of low hanging fruit. It's very exciting. So anyways, I'll send that over. We don't have to talk about it now, but that's like the TLDR on her and Tracy, who are the twost new entrants to the program. The other person is Lisa Harris. So with Lisa, there's all this fine print. It's kind of complicated. But she didn't sign the msa. So I don't want you to be on the meeting unless the MSA is signed. I'll ping you if so. And if the MSA gets signed, all of her little caveats are included in the msa. So as an addendum, so. So I can, I can forward that over if it comes through, but let's just not worry about it until she signs it.
Adam Harrison: Okay. All right, Makes sense. So, sorry, Just, just for today's call. So Amanda, she's confirmed she might give me a hard time on a few pricing things. I'm just going to like kick back any of those to you, basically. And you. Did you say you're also sending me like a write up on that or. I can also, I'm.
Nathan Peereboom: Yep.
Adam Harrison: I'm hooked up in your job bill CRM. So I can also get it directly from there.
Nathan Peereboom: Well, I have to. I have to rehydrate it because I was texting with her, like, pretty late into the night, like, just going back and forth about the special terms. So give me. Give me, like, an hour after this. Same thing with Tracy. Like, with Tracy and Amanda, I do have to do, like, a little refresh. So give me, like, an hour to refresh that, push it, and then I'll ping you and say, hey. You know, everything's up to date in the CRM.
Adam Harrison: Okay, cool. And then Lisa, is your sense that that is going to happen today or not happen. What's like your gut telling you?
Nathan Peereboom: My gut is that it will. She's like super responsive over text.
Adam Harrison: Okay.
Nathan Peereboom: And I don't understand why she would be super responsive and keep saying like, oh, I'm, I just like I've got one more thing I'm going to do is I'm about to sign it if she really didn't want to work with us. But, but, but, but I don't know. I mean people are weird. I don't know.
Adam Harrison: Okay, yeah, so I'll just stay posted on her. But that all, that all sounds good for today.
Nathan Peereboom: Awesome. Okay, cool. Great. Well, that's all I have on like new business. Let's maybe walk through who we have and where like what's. What's moving and changing right now.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, maybe I can give like a quick update on the two from yesterday.
Nathan Peereboom: Great. And do you mind just sharing the jot bill page just so we can tick like just so we can see the list?
Adam Harrison: Yeah. Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: Awesome. Thanks. And one thing I realized we didn't do yesterday, Adam, that I think we should do is when we have like do outs or like you know, follow ups here, let's like make sure we're adding them to that to do list. I should have done this. But it's just helpful to like make sure that we're, we're being super concrete about like what we're doing, who's doing what, et cetera, et cetera every single day at this point.
Adam Harrison: Yep. So the two I met with and by the way like separate thing today I'm working on finishing up like a harness for the customer onboarding. So that will intake like slack my email, this notion page, Nate, your CRM and grains. And then what I want to have is like for each of these people, I want to have like a pretty standard kind of checklist here with like payer documents and then like other, other info in here. I don't, it's not really updated yet but I kind of want to get all this cleaned up but that I'm doing that, you know, in the background so should have that, you know, later today or tomorrow kind of latest. So on Brittany, you know where we are with Britney this. I haven't updated her kind of checklist yet. But essentially where we are is like she is good to go on submitting claims. So she knows the workflow in jot Psych. So she is going to for some of her old notes that she hasn't billed yet. Like, go through, edit them in the billing template. And then when she's ready, just click, like, create claim. And that's going to go into our queue, so to speak. You know, then we obviously will need to kind of like scrub that, make sure it makes sense, and then submit those. So that is good on Brittany because she's on the 8%. We also are doing her patient payments, so she's set up with Stripe. The way I'm thinking about this is we'll just do patient payments in conjunction with a claim being created. So, hey, like, Brittany created a claim for Adam. We're going to submit that to insurance and then also, like, bill Adam for his $20 copay. That'll just all happen at once. I do think it's going to be important to get eligibility done for that so we know like, what the copay is. And then also, I'm not sure right now if like this kind of a Jackson question from like the admin panel or as like a admin user in her organization, can we bill patients on her behalf and like, review her queue of claims and like, review and submit. So those are like the main things with Brittany, but she is basically off to the races, like creating cl. Creating like a backlog of claims for us. I also got a list of her customers. There's only. Or, sorry, like clients. There's only five of them for HealthLink or maybe seven, something like that. I just. She gave me like photos of their insurance cards. So I need to find a way to like go add that into their job site profile there. She doesn't have it in like an EHR or anything, so maybe I can. Maybe there's a way for me to do that from the admin panel. So, sorry, that's three questions for you, Jackson.
Jackson Bierfeldt: All the answer to all of those is we have to make a billing account and add it to their organization.
Adam Harrison: Okay. Okay, sounds good. I guess this, this one password is going to start to become more and more useful, I think. I'm.
Jackson Bierfeldt: I'm realizing that's just our way around the patient boundary right now.
Adam Harrison: Okay.
Jackson Bierfeldt: And then, yeah, I can explain it more if you want, but that's what you and I decided was going to be the. The easiest way to do it. So just make like jot psych plus whatever@jetsych.com and then add that as a billing admin user to their org.
Adam Harrison: Okay. That's easy enough. So we can do that. And there's also one more payer that we're adding that she like forgot to mention initially. So we're adding, I think. I think it's Blue Cross. Blue might be Blue Cross. I have to look at my notes, but we're also going to add one more payer in addition to HealthLink. But, yeah, so that's Brittany. The. The last piece is, like, the ERA and the bank account stuff. So it is. We have to. I've, like, initiated that process following Steady's instructions. We have to go through this other entity called Zealous, which essentially, I think is some kind of intermediary that helps, like, process the payments. And Steady said that can take, like, a few weeks for them to even spot and get, like, an account set up. So I'm having Asia call them today to try to see if we can expedite that. I submitted, like, a request on Monday this week to at least get that in motion.
Jackson Bierfeldt: And then Brittany didn't already have an account?
Adam Harrison: She did not.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah, I confirmed that she did not.
Adam Harrison: Okay. Yeah. Yeah. So. So I think we can, like, just start submitting claims basically asap, but we're going to be kind of flying a little bit blind with regards to eras for the foreseeable future.
Jackson Bierfeldt: So that's because of that one payer requires you to go through this other thing.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, exactly. I don't know. We'll find out for her other payer what it is, but at least for this pair, that's how it. Yeah, that's like the process Steady directed me to,
Jackson Bierfeldt: who has already undergone a process of us submitting ERA for any payer.
Adam Harrison: He's the only one. She's the only one.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Only one. Okay.
Adam Harrison: Just. Just Brittany.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Okay. And she uses two pairs.
Adam Harrison: She. Yes, yes.
Jackson Bierfeldt: The rest are this written down. Can I, like, go into each person and see, like, which pairs they have and, like, what the status is of those pairs? Are we tracking that right now?
Adam Harrison: That's what I'm working on with this harness to, like, kind of automate that. So that'll be you. You should be able to just, like, click into this and see everything in, like, a quick snapshot. I'll have, like, the harness run, and then I'll just have, like, a markdown that I'll copy paste in here.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Okay. And then rebuilding resilience. Who is that?
Adam Harrison: That's Angela or Angie. I met her last night.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Okay. I'm setting up her web hook right now.
Adam Harrison: Yeah. So for her, we got through a lot of the setup. I sent a Slack message, so she's on the 4%, so we're not doing her patient payments. But for her, we did the Steady setup. We confirmed her billing identity. And all that stuff, so we did. Let me. Let me pull up the onboarding checklist. So we did this. We got admin access to Tebra. Lee is meeting with her today to do, like, the E prescribe setup and the data migration. There's very little data. There's like 10 patients, so it should be pretty manageable. I don't think we did job bill for her. I don't think we're going to. We're just going full steam ahead. Her steady account is connected to her job site account. Wait, sorry.
Nathan Peereboom: When you said we're not doing a job bill, what did you mean by that?
Adam Harrison: Like the analysis? Yeah, I just figured we'd just blow past that for her because she has so few patients, and I don't think she's really getting paid at all. If we want to do a case study later, I think we could go do like, a broader retro on it. But I think let's just like, start billing is kind of my view.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, 100 anytime we can. That's the right way.
Adam Harrison: Okay, cool. We have. Yeah. Steady Clearinghouse set up. She did all of her credentialing herself, which kind of scares me because she's very unorganized. So she is working today, tomorrow on getting all these payer docs together. We're going to meet on Thursday. I'm hopeful, Nate. You're kind of, like, fast track. Incentive is going to help her, you know, kind of light a little bit of a fire to get this stuff going. We configured her billing identity and steady based on, you know, what she thinks her credentialing stuff is. And then we haven't done any of the ERA EFT stuff. We will. We will have to, like. Yeah, we're gonna have to do that Thursday together. We just didn't have time. Her stripe account is set up so she can bill patients now directly. Lee is going to be doing the data upload today. I'm going to train her also Thursday. So, Jackson, if you want to join that on how to do the workflow within jot Psych, that would be great. You can join. We'll do that first and then you can drop off or vice versa. We can do it at the end. If you want to join late, then that's basically it. We got a lot of the upfront stuff set up, but need her payer docs need to do all the like. We actually do have to do EDI enrollment for her payer. Her refer, like main pair. But I'm gonna wait on the payer docs to do that. And then. Yeah, and then she has patient payment stuff done, but we need to do, like, the rest of the demos and set, So that's, you know, no. No red flags moving forward. She's. She's kind of on track here.
Jackson Bierfeldt: I went through your video with Brittany, and I. Wrote down all the friction points on the. Claim button thing. So I'm going to be trying to work on that today, but I'll mostly be working on the dual signing work with Marcus for Valcourt.
Adam Harrison: Okay. Yeah, My main takeaway was like, I think people think they edit the note and that's all they need to do. But, like, we just need to make it clear before they submit to billing or create claim. Like, hey, you are billing a 99214 with these diagnosis codes and this. It was telehealth and you did 30 minutes of psychotherapy. Like, warning. Is that what you want to say?
Jackson Bierfeldt: You know, something like that?
Adam Harrison: That is. That was like my main takeaway. And like, actually, you know, I don't think they are required to fill out all of those, like, billing fields and attestations before they sign and submit. So I think we may want to like, require that just for like, the early innings here because otherwise I think I'm gonna have to go back to Brittany a ton to be like, hey, it looks like this note was like, you know, you didn't add a diagnosis code. And, you know, I'm gonna like, review the note manually and see what's in there. It's just. We just want to like, be, I think, err on the side of like, maybe introducing a little more friction because there's dollars connected to it. That.
Adam Harrison: That's just my sense.
Jackson Bierfeldt: But yeah, I'm gonna. I'm gonna explore a couple different treatments of that and we'll put them in front of people and see what they. What they.
Adam Harrison: Okay, sweet.
Jackson Bierfeldt: I'm gonna try and have a new version by the Angela call on Thursday. What time is that?
Adam Harrison: It's in the evening. It's like 5 or 6:30.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Okay, perfect.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, there'll be plenty of time. It's not till 6:30. Do you want to do like, the demo for that Jackson or is it better if I do it and you, like, observe?
Jackson Bierfeldt: Probably better if I observe, but I can hop in if there's like, something specific I want to change.
Adam Harrison: Okay, cool. Yeah, I'll just. Yeah, I'll just plan delete it if there's any major changes. Just like, flag those for me before I. Before we jump on or, you know, correct me on the call. Either is fine.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Okay.
Adam Harrison: All right, that's it for me.
Jackson Bierfeldt: All right, sounds good.
Nathan Peereboom: Thanks, Adam.
Adam Harrison: Thanks, guys.
Nathan Peereboom: Bye.