Adam Harrison: Cool. Well, I wanted to go through a few things today. The first one is I wanted to. We were kind of working on a, a JD for like a more for like a biller. For like someone who would be like, you know, someone that you might hire who is kind of like, you know, end to end eligibility all the way through the. The end of the claim life cycle. Like, yeah, someone who can kind of do the whole thing and you know, probably someone who's more like, you know, obviously someone who's a little more junior but maybe kind of mid level where they are experienced. Experienced enough where you wouldn't need to train them a ton. So I would love to get your review of like what that. How we've written the JD because I don't know like what the industry kind of norms are around it and it would be great to just get a little bit of like a, A sense check from you on if this is broadly like in the right direction or if. And we also write our JDs. Like we have a really weird way of writing things, to be honest. So we have our own quirks too, which, which is just something to be aware of. So let me try to find it here and I'll pull it up.
michelle.lynn: So are you guys hiring someone that can come in and run the billing department or what are. Is that what you're doing?
Adam Harrison: No, it's more so like we're kind of figuring it out still. But I think what we will need is someone who is actually going to be like, like, because we're gonna, we're gonna hire like, Sorry, I'm getting these messages.
michelle.lynn: No, you're okay.
Adam Harrison: We're gonna onboard like a provider with like, you know, three clinicians and a bunch of different payers. And we need someone who can like chase down all the patient payments and do all the, like review the claims and clean them before they go out and do eligibility checks and be like tracking, making sure payments are coming in. Be like checking with the pet, with the, you know, clinician to make sure. Oh, did you get something? You got a check by mail for this one and this one. RDRAs aren't posting and doing reconciliation, so. Someone, you know, who can kind of like, I'm thinking of as like more of a, kind of like more dedicated to a specific account as opposed to someone who's managing the whole. Like I would think like you would be more like someone who would be probably managing the whole billing operation, you know, in my mind. But I think for these first few customers we probably want someone who's more like a mid level person who's a little bit more independent, who we can kind of like put in to help like service these accounts. But yeah, I'm open to also different schools of thought. If, if you would challenge that, if you would challenge that like approach too.
michelle.lynn: Okay, I would. I mean, honestly, for when I, when I take on anybody, I take them on as for myself. And then once I know that everything is going the way that it's supposed to, then I branch it off to my staff. I mean like for, for you guys, I would, I would be willing to do the same thing, like take it on, see where we were at and then move it to somebody else. Just because there's so many things that somebody that doesn't have, doesn't look at all aspects of it can miss.
michelle.lynn: And then that puts you in a huge bind.
Adam Harrison: Okay.
michelle.lynn: I mean, and either way, I mean whether it's me or, or you're bringing somebody else in, it doesn't matter. But that's what the way that I would do it, I would look at it in the aspect of someone management wise, take it on first, figure out where everything is set, the plan for how it needs to be and then branch it down. Because then once, you know, it's a little bit easier to also train someone else.
michelle.lynn: Yeah, you know, the different payers and the different nuances with the payers and things like that. But that, I mean, that's just the way I do it. I think that's easier for me. I've had some come in just to do like claim, follow up and I literally sometimes feel like if I would have trained them in all aspects than just one area, I wouldn't be beating my head against the wall.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, that makes sense. So I think what I kind of have in mind is like there's, there's one provider I just spoke with earlier today that we're getting set up and I, you know, I think what I would love to do is for you and I to kind of like work together, get her set up. Sure. And I think that'll be a bit of a process. She has like a few different. She's got a bunch of payers. She's got few different providers. She does TMS bravado. She's also very particular and kind of in the weeds on things, and she's talking about modifiers and stuff like that with me. Whereas some of the other calls you join the. Guy doesn't even know which payers he's credentialed with. Right. So she's on the other side of that spectrum, which is, you know, I think, good in some ways. But also she'll be more of a probably higher maintenance client. Right.
michelle.lynn: Those ones are the ones that try to micromanage and that gets a little, A little iffy sometimes.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, yeah. So she, but she is at least organized and she's going to be able to get me the docs and info I need you. Right, so pros and cons, right?
michelle.lynn: Absolutely.
Adam Harrison: But yeah, so I think like what I have in mind is I would love if you and I could like work pretty closely to get her set up and figure out a good system. We're also kind of like building out the software in real time a little bit too. So it's come a long way, like since I last showed you where we are, but it is still kind of a work in progress. So I think what I would love to spend maybe like 20 minutes just kind of walking you through what we have. Okay. But then I do also want to at least get like a job posting up for, for like. Because I think a good playbook could be like you and I get someone set up and then there's like, like you said, we like kind of hand it off to someone else who can do more of the ongoing management of it once things are kind of like set up and there's a process and there's like this is the prop, you know, this is like the procedure. Right. So I do want to get at least a posting up so, so that, because there's a lead time to find people and you know, we want to kind of like just. I just want, don't want that to like. I want to get ahead of that, you know, as opposed to waiting because I just don't know what the kind of market looks like for that and if it takes a long time to find good people or if it's pretty easy or if anyway there's. We could have a whole longer discussion about that. But yeah, if that sounds good to you, I think it might make sense for us to pretty like, for us to kind of dive in together with her and then maybe figure out like a longer term plan and some way to like hand it off.
michelle.lynn: Okay.
Adam Harrison: Is that, is that like how you would approach it or.
michelle.lynn: Yeah, yeah, because I, that's like I said, I bring it in and I, you know, dig in, do the auditing, do all of that. And then once I feel like I know where things are at, then I start to hand it off.
Adam Harrison: Okay. Okay.
michelle.lynn: That's a great. That's exactly how I would do it, too.
Adam Harrison: Okay, cool. Let's do that then. And I think. Yeah, I think it'll also be a good way for you to kind of see how we're setting up the system and. We probably are making some mistakes along the way, so. So yeah, we should probably, like, talk about that too. But yeah, in terms of, like, the, like when you're hiring a biller or someone on your team, what are. What's, like, the profile you look for?
michelle.lynn: So it depends. So a lot of. So I have hired some that have absolutely no experience just because I want to be able to train them in what we do. There are some that I have hired in that have had medical experience. And the problem with some of that is, is then they're telling you the way that you should be doing everything, even if it's right or wrong.
Adam Harrison: Yeah.
michelle.lynn: And which is great feedback sometimes. I've learned a lot from some of those people. But, you know, they also come in there if they have that, and they kind of, kind of come in with that, like, superiority, like, nope, you have to do it this way and this way only. So it depends. It depends on personality. Depends on how well, you know, an interview goes, as far as, you know, how the vibe I get from them. And then, you know, I did just have one gal that I just hired. When I interviewed her, it was a great vibe. Literally, she lasted a week and a half. And I was like, you gotta go. I mean, and there were. There were a lot of reasons behind it. Like, one, my staff didn't mesh with her. She was here a week and got busted at Walmart stealing. And I'm just like, I don't want that associated with my business, you know, So, I mean, that's not why I got rid of her. But there was just some things that I was just like. So, you know, it. It really just depends on the situation. I do think that in your. For. For you guys, that it would be helpful if you had someone that had a little bit of knowledge of at least, like, eligibility or credentialing. And the reason I say those is because they. They need to know how those two things tie into the billing pieces. But where you guys are doing and setting your system up, where it's taking the documentation or, you know, the recording from the provider and analyzing it and pulling the CPT codes, I don't know necessarily that you're going to want someone telling you how to code that because they're going to probably find a way to argue with you to prove the system doesn't know what it's doing. That's just how I feel. Because it is hard, in a sense, if you're not in a session to listen to what's going on. A lot of people that have coding are going to go look in a book and pick out. Which is coding and the way you guys are probably setting up your system is a lot of that. But I think that you would have a lot of kickback versus having somebody that understood the pieces of the credentialing and the eligibility and then learned your system and how it is analyzing and why it's giving the codes that it's giving. Giving. Does that make sense or am I making that.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, yeah, that's, that makes sense. How important is the like credentialing and eligibility piece just to be able to do the billing? Because I would think that's like not as important, I guess, because it's as, as much as it is like, hey, this person knows how to like chase down payers and get denials resolved and that sort of thing.
michelle.lynn: So in my experience, the credentialing is very important for them to know how that works. Like you, because you can call on a claim and you know, if you don't understand the terminology of them participating or you know, if you don't understand just even general benefits of in network, out of network, you know, if you don't understand that being credentialed brings you into a situation of not having, you know, your contracted rates or if the plan doesn't have out of network benefits, then it's not going to cover anything. So those pieces are very important because when it comes to billing a claim out, it literally is a matter of how it lays out on the claim form. The billing piece is really the easiest part. Then when it comes to a claim follow up, you can train anybody to claim follow up. You can give them a script and tell them you need to find out if read the code, you need to know if it cleared. As long as you can read whatever the remarks are at the end, you can pretty much do a claim follow up. If you can call an insurance company and you can ask them specific questions like, you know, why did it deny what it. Because they won't tell you what the modifier is. So you do have to kind of know some of those things. But you can get those from a book or the guidelines or the contract. So really I think the credentialing piece and the eligibility piece, you have to know that they're in network. You have to know that they have a good effective policy. Because you can train anybody to read a 1500 claim form and it's a matter of, oh, if it's telehealth, You know, Regents expects a GT modifier they go through, make for sure all the documentation is on there, that the, the modifier is there, the provider is there. The claim form should populate exactly how it's set up in the system and goes out the door. So it's the pieces at the beginning making for sure all the demographic information is on there, all of that, and then the piece at the end, which is the claim follow up.
Adam Harrison: So you would say, should we try to hire people from, like, credentialing companies?
michelle.lynn: Not necessarily. I mean, you can even hire them from billing companies. You just want to make for sure that they understand the process of the. The whole circle of it. Credentialing, eligibility, billing, and claim follow up. You know, it's a full circle. And they don't have to know how to dive deep into any one of them. They just need to know how it comes around. Because I've had people that will call and, you know, for. Just, for instance, even today, I had a client that was very upset because they sent an eligibility and the eligibility came back and the provider is not participating. And the whole purpose of that was, first of all, the company is participating, the provider is not participating. They're an intern. But when they sent the eligibility form in, they put the intern's name on there. So when they, when eligibility was done, it came back and said out of network, which it bills under a supervisor. So, like, there's all of those things that have to come together that you have to know to get that claim out the door. The claim piece is easy.
Adam Harrison: Okay. And is your team all in person with you and. Or are they remote?
michelle.lynn: Nope. So I have. I have three remote, and I have four that. Well, I technically have four remote. One comes in every once in a while, that everybody comes on Fridays. Three work remotely five days a week. Three work in office, and then one is kind of hybrid. Both.
Adam Harrison: Okay.
michelle.lynn: Whenever they want to come into the office or they come in. Any of them can come in anytime, but, you know.
Adam Harrison: Okay. Okay, that's helpful. All right, so maybe rather than like, go through this whole job description, live with you, I'll just, like, send it to you afterwards and I might make some. Some. Yeah, I might make some edits here to just speak a little bit to the. Credentialing piece because yeah, that is a, that is a helpful. It's. I, I hadn't appreciated that perspective. So that is helpful to, to, to hear,
michelle.lynn: you know, because a lot of, there's a lot of people that just think that if you have insurance, it should cover your services.
Adam Harrison: Right.
michelle.lynn: And I've had billers come in and go, well, they have insurance, so what difference does it make? It should pay. And I'm like, there's so many other factors to that.
Adam Harrison: Yeah.
michelle.lynn: You know, and you know, the other piece to that is like there's a lot of anthem that if the plan is an HMO's don't have out of network benefits. If you don't know that about the credentialing piece, like you could be credentialed with hmo, but if you know you're not a preferred provider or you're not credentialed, you're not going to get, it's not going to pay. And so you have to know some of those pieces because again, you can look at that claim form and you know, spit it out the door and all of a sudden the denial comes back and you're like, everything's on here, but you have to know the pieces. Yes, everything's on there. But why?
Adam Harrison: Yes, Totally. Yeah. No, that, that's really helpful.
michelle.lynn: Sorry if I'm rambling and confusing the heck out of you.
Adam Harrison: No, no, no, I get it. Yeah. You got to know the nuances, unlike networks and you know, what the plan type and all the things connected to credentialing.
michelle.lynn: Yeah, so.
Adam Harrison: So really helpful. Maybe let me switch gears a bit and just walk you through kind of where we are right now with, with like the JOT Psych product. Sorry, Share my screen. And I can kind of like turn this on if you, if you have like a Jotsy trial account and I can extend your access if that has like lapsed. But if you wanted to maybe look at this later on, I can make sure your account is set up with it.
michelle.lynn: I don't have an account, so. Yeah, I mean, that'd be great.
Adam Harrison: Okay. Yeah, that sounds good. So we have. I'll just take this as an example. So this would be like. I'll actually regenerate this in a new template. So this would be. If someone did like a med management with a psychotherapy add on, we have like a template specific for that. This is what I'll just give it a minute to generate.
michelle.lynn: Okay.
Adam Harrison: But you can imagine like provider does the session, you know, generates the clicks, generate the note and then this is what comes up. So this was just like a dummy encounter. So I don't know that it's going to actually work, but at least you'll kind of get the format here. But if you kind of scroll down here, it will give. So this actually is saying there's no psychotherapy add on. I think based on what this transcript was, which is see if that's consistent with. Yeah, so this is, this looks like it's just billing it as 99213 because it was like 15 minutes and it wasn't really anything that interesting. So that's what the template says. So how the workflow is gonna would work is you would just click sign note and then it's gonna ask you to confirm like a few different things that'll get sent to billing. So one is the modality. So if this is like a video or in person place of service, so telehealth the duration, this was 15 minutes. Then it's going to ask for the codes. So this was 99213 and we didn't do an add on but I'll leave it there just so you can see how it works. And then these are the diagnosis codes. You can add like other ones, you can switch which one is the primary one. And then there's this like attestation step where you know, you just sort of are confirming these things. Then you click sign. It'll process. This is now officially like a signed note. And then this thing comes up here which is Create claim.
michelle.lynn: Okay.
Adam Harrison: So once you click on that, the claim is created and then that is that claim. Essentially like as a provider, this is like the end of my workflow as a clinician. Like that's kind of. Oh, that's all that's my responsibility is to like sign, make sure all those fields are correct and then hit Create Claim. From there you can view the claim. You don't have to. Right. This is what like you know, you and I or like any other biller would see is this. And so this will be if we have all the patients like insurance information and address like that will all be pre filled in here for this one. I don't think I have it. So that's not, that's not in here right now. But.
michelle.lynn: But it's nice that it highlights in red. What's missing.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, so it's much better than what we were doing together before.
michelle.lynn: Right.
Adam Harrison: So it's going to highlight what's missing. You know, it's going to pre fill these things. I think that the, we can set up probably like a fee schedule based on the specific payer and the payer contracts. So there's a way I think to configure that at the back end. I'm not sure why this is three showing up three times though. That's interesting. So I don't know why we have like three codes here because we should just have these two. Right, Right. Okay, interesting.
michelle.lynn: Can you go back to the note? Was there another date of service or were there?
Adam Harrison: It's all the same. So it's probably just some bug because this is like pretty early and I also don't know how to like delete a row here. So we'll, we'll, you know, there's obviously some like this needs to still be kind of tested more thoroughly and all that.
michelle.lynn: Right.
Adam Harrison: I think there's like a validation button here that will tell you what's missing. So that's the red stuff.
michelle.lynn: That's great.
Adam Harrison: Yeah. Then you can basically submit and then from here if you go to bill insurance. Oh, is this not turned on in my account? Maybe I have to actually submit the claim. But you should be able to see here like a list of all the claims and like their status of like what is, you know, in draft, you know what's like this. This is kind of just like your backlog of claims. And then it will also show the things that are like scrubbed, denied, rejected. Exactly, exactly. And then we'll need. I think we're still building the kind of era stuff. So that is still, that's just getting set up still. But that's essentially kind of how, how it's basically going to work is something, you know, kind of just like this. So yeah. Any questions on just this part so far or comments? Like anything?
michelle.lynn: I do think it looks great. I love that it, that it highlights in red what's missing. I think that's fantastic.
Adam Harrison: Okay. Anything you feel? Oh, here it is. Here's the claims. Yeah. So I guess now it's showing up. So yeah, this is. Exactly. So you can see like kind of just the status. Let's see here. These are all of the notes and like what's been signed, what's not. So this is. Yeah, this is kind of a list of the notes. These are the claims and then payments I guess is still work in progress. So we don't have eras yet.
michelle.lynn: But are those stars by the numbers and the different colors?
Adam Harrison: Yeah, these are kind of like. This is our jot audit thing. So you can set up like rules for how you want your note to look and like what information should be included in it.
michelle.lynn: Okay.
Adam Harrison: So for example, like every note needs to have like MDM decision making criteria or you know, whatever it is. And if you score low, you know, it'll be, it'll, you know, or maybe if this is miss, we could look at this note and like what's wrong with it? So it fails some of these rules. Let's see if we can see why, You know. Okay, let's see here. So, okay, we're missing psychotherapy documentation, time. We're missing suicide risk documentation, missing medications. And this is like formatted wrong. So. Yeah, it's kind of like a red, yellow, green score based on, you know, kind of the health of the note.
michelle.lynn: That's great.
Adam Harrison: Yeah. So ideally you could come in and sort of see like, okay, this is, you know, draft and it's probably needs improvement. You know, maybe I need to like ping this provider about this note.
michelle.lynn: Yeah, no, that's great.
Adam Harrison: Yeah. And those, these are like totally configurable of like you can set up your own custom rules of like hey, I live in, you know, I'm like a nurse practitioner in Idaho and there's some weird requirement I have with my state with this with Medicaid and blah blah, blah, blah, blah.
michelle.lynn: So I think that's fantastic because like Colorado just asked at the end of a note you have to have when the next appointment is.
Adam Harrison: Yeah.
michelle.lynn: And so that would be one that you, you know, because they, they had never required that until just this year.
Adam Harrison: Who's requiring that now?
michelle.lynn: Our Colorado Medicaid. Well, our raise because we have Medicaid and then we have four rays that branch off from our Medicaid for behavioral.
Adam Harrison: Interesting, interesting. Yeah, great example, Great example. So I think, yeah, that's kind of like where we are right now. Obviously some stuff still getting set up. Maybe I can give you sort of the quick download on this provider that we're onboarding. I think we, you know, she has. She's in. Where is she again? She is in. She's like right on a state line, which I think creates a little bit of complexity for her. I think she is in.
michelle.lynn: No, you're okay.
Adam Harrison: Oh, the other thing I want to show you is patient payments, so let me actually do that before. Before we switch gears.
michelle.lynn: Going with stripe, right?
Adam Harrison: Yeah, exactly. So to bill your patients. It's pretty simple. And actually I'll show you eligibility too, which we're building right now. So we. We're using nirvana for eligibility checks. Have you heard of them before?
michelle.lynn: I don't have a lot of experience with them, but I've heard of them.
Adam Harrison: Okay. Yeah, I don't. You know, I think from my testing, it seemed to give us the exact same information as like, the portals. Like, availability was the one I did the comparison with. And it will tell you, like, the actual copay amount for. For the service, not by CPT code, but for like outpatient mental health. Right. And then, you know, it's obviously not as good as making a phone call, but I think it's going to be.
michelle.lynn: Calls aren't always the best either.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, I think it's going to cover us in like 90% of cases is my hope. But that will show up here. So you'll be able to see like with one click if it's active and what the copay is. So that, that will go live later this week. And then if you want to bill your patients, you can do this payment button on the bottom or on the. Or over here. I haven't set up my. This account with it yet, so. But basically what it does is you just enter like the amount and you send the request. They get a text message and they can complete the payment on their phone. You can also, if you come over here, you can like, I haven't set this up yet, but you can save a credit card on file. So then you're just billing that. And then on the payments tab, we have this patients tab. Again, I haven't like finished setting this up, but it'll show like a log of all your different patients and like what's been paid, what's outstanding. The only challenging thing is both this and the claims kind of live in total silos right now. And I don't know if it's actually like in your experience, if it's better to have like one, you know, if it's like for this appointment or for this encounter. Here's the patient responsibility. This has been paid, it hasn't been paid. Here's the insurance, you know, it's been paid, it's been not right. We're going to have to tie those things together. Right now. It's just like patient payments is one its own world. Claims and insurance is its own world. And we need to kind of like unify those in some way.
michelle.lynn: You will, because it's going to get really messy if you can't see. Because depending on the EOBs and the eras, how they come in, how they show the contractual obligation, you know, you're going to have some policies that have patient responsibility for a copay and a coinsurance. And so if you don't have all those things tied together and can't look as a biller, if I can't look at that line item and see that what we build, what's patient responsibility, what the insurance paid and what's contractual obligation all adds up. It's. I mean, it would blow my mind. I would be lost not being able to figure all of those things out.
Adam Harrison: So how do other systems like set that up that you have really found to work well?
michelle.lynn: So basically there's a billing section and you know, it'll be like the CPT code, the date, the CPT code, and then it'll have the amount billed, the patient responsibility, and then usually next to that, depending on the system, it'll either have, it'll either be a color coded system, you know, like it's. It's green when it's paid, it's red when it's not. Or it'll have like a check mark, a green check mark next to it once it's paid. And then with the insurance, it'll remain black until it's paid and it'll turn green or red if it's rejected, it'll also say next to it, you know, a red check mark or rejected. And then the contractual obligation is right there. You would have to go into, like, into an insurance button to go and post a payment or charge a credit card, which you'd want those to be separate. So clicking around, you wouldn't accidentally click on something. But it's all in a dashboard, like right there. You can see what the patient responsibility is, what the insurance paid, and what the contractual obligation or write off is so that you know, the whole line has been completed and is closed out. Because a lot of times when an era comes into a system, it will post client responsibility and it will post insurance. But for some reason, sometimes there will be a glitch and it'll leave the contractual obligation sitting at the insurance, which then it'll be like green and red. And you know that that needs to be switched over to contractual obligation.
Adam Harrison: So what's the. How does it know? Like, how do you. How does the system know that, like, the patient has paid this $20 copay or not for this claim? Do you have to manually post that?
michelle.lynn: No. So yes and no. So there are systems that you can set up, like an auto pay.
michelle.lynn: And so what it's going to do is it's going to do the most recent or the oldest claim is where it's going to roll in. Like, if it's able to charge the card, it's going to roll in and it's going to charge the oldest claim. Now with the thing, the thing I would suggest with like auto pay is if there's something funky with it, like if you set it up in the back end and say they have a $35 copay and insurance comes back, their plan switched over. Now they've got a deductible and the insurance is saying that patient responsibility is actually 100. Was a weird. Was a weird doctor name that. Patient responsibility is say like $125, it should automatically shut off your auto pay so that you can go and review the account and make for sure that there's not something funky happening. Which obviously a switch over like that is something funky that's happening. So. If, and then if, you know, depending on if you can't set it up on autopay, then yes, you have to go in and you have to charge everyone. And that's where I say it's best to charge either at the time the client comes in or within 24 hours because you want to make for sure they showed for their appointment. Now, the client or the provider in most cases, the way that I think it could also be set up too would be to say, is there a note? If there's no note, don't charge. Yeah, I think that would be a great system because so many times, you know, the client doesn't show up and the providers just like, oh. And it automatically, if it's in the calendar in most systems it will push the charge. And if they don't go in and they don't switch it to a canceled or a no show late, it's going to bill out to insurance or it's going to bill out at least the copay if they're on, you know, auto pay. So if you can set it up in the back end in any way to say without a note, don't charge, you're not going to bill insurance if it, you don't have a note. Right, right, right. Yeah. So you wouldn't want to bill the client either if there's not a note. If there's a note that has been signed and you have it set on auto pay, it could go ahead and charge that copay.
Adam Harrison: Yeah.
michelle.lynn: Or if it's a self pay rate of, you know, $250 and, and their self pay, once the note is signed, the, you know, the auto pay could be set to, to charge that and send a super bill with it or you know, whatever the case is that you're going to set up.
Adam Harrison: Okay, Got it. I'm just jotting some of this down. Okay. Would you tie it to the note being created or the note being signed as a trigger?
michelle.lynn: I would say the note being signed only because the note has to be, should be timestamped because if they get audited and it's not time stamped, they're gonna have to pay that money back.
Adam Harrison: Right.
michelle.lynn: So I would say signed. The one thing about that too though is in my opinion it also motivates providers to get their stuff done because if it affects their pay, their payroll, If they're paid on the basis of when insurance pays, you get paid. You know, some. Some of them get a salary, but others it's based upon when they. The insurance pays, then they get paid.
Adam Harrison: Yep. So in the case of auto pay, I think there's like, two scenarios you described. One is you get the ERA back. That tells you explicitly the patient responsibility, and that triggers a payment request with some safeguards you could put in. If there's like a $200 charge for the patient when you expect a $20 copay.
michelle.lynn: Yes.
Adam Harrison: Or the other one is based on eligibility checks and based on maybe existing consistency. Yep. Existing visit history, whatever. You can trigger a patient payment based on the note being signed, assuming you have that, you know, copay, you know, eligibility kind of estimate.
michelle.lynn: Yep.
Adam Harrison: Somewhere beforehand. Those are, like, two options. Yep. And I'm gonna. How common is it to do it? I'm assuming providers are gonna typically want it billed like the same day or the next day, as opposed to whenever the ERA comes back. Is that more common? That's like what I've been hearing, really.
michelle.lynn: It depends on the providers. So most of the providers that I have taken on, they have billed just like, when they have time or they'll set it up to make for sure. Somebody bills out weekly. I highly recommend that it's done daily. And the reason that I. I say that this is best is people live paycheck to paycheck. If they're going into the. To an appointment, they know they have a $30 copay. They expect that $30 copay to come out within 24 hours. And if you wait a week, they might not have the funds available.
Adam Harrison: Right.
michelle.lynn: So. And then you also don't want to let it build up to where then you have a bill that, you know, all of a sudden they owe 100, you know, $20, and they don't have it because you waited too long to bill them what their copay. And I have a lot of providers that will. Will essentially start out that way. And I even have some providers now that will say, until we know how it's going to return from insurance, let's not charge them anything. Even if we know when we pulled eligibility what it was, they don't want to charge because they want to be for sure. And I'm like, okay, but the first two appointments generally is different than any appointment after that. You know, because you have your evaluations and then it starts with your regular individual sessions and that's usually a different copay. So. But I always tell all of my providers I will bill how you want me to bill. This is your business.
Adam Harrison: So. All right, great. That all sounds good. Well, let me kind of switch gears now to talking about Amanda, who is the provider. I'm hoping we can kind of tag team her onboarding. But yeah, I'll give you a little bit of backstory on her. So she, you know, has a. She's a psychiatric nurse practitioner. She is in. Where is she located? Let me look this up. Still searching for it. But she. Yeah, she's right on like a state line somewhere. I forget maybe it was Kansas or something, but she has like four providers underneath her, all med management and therapy, add on stuff. She's like a long time job psych user. So she, she's in Arkansas primarily and Missouri and is licensed in billing in both states. So there we go. So she's like a long time job site user. She does all her notes there. She knows how that works. She uses Valentine for her billing and scheduling. She doesn't really love Valen, so she wants to kind of like get off of that eventually. And then we also did sort of an audit of her billing which I can send to you the analysis but we found that there was a lot of outstanding accounts receivable or like an unbilled encounters and basically she was having issues with like three payers in particular with like them not paying her out in a timely fashion and elevated denials and things like that. So what she wants to do is she wants to start out with. With those three payers for us to kind of like take those end to end. And for her and her, like, there's two other providers that would be included with that and the payers are Blue Cross United and Cigna. So kind of the major ones. So I am in the process of getting her clearinghouse set up in Jotsy to be able to submit claims for those payers. There's like a EDI enrollment we have to do as well for that. I am getting from her all of her fee schedules and payer docs and credentialing info, all that good stuff. So that, that will, you know, we'll know how to like register her billing entity and we'll know how to set up the fee schedule and yada, yada, yada, eras, you know, I'll need to set that up as well too. So it won't go to Valent, it'll go to Jot Psych. And her bank account is going to stay the same. The payments are not changing. Those still go to her bank account. Just the eras will flip over and. Yeah, that's essentially it. Oh yeah. The other thing is we need to. She has like her patients in Jotsy, but we need to get all of the insurance info and like demographic info because that's not in Jot Psych because why would she put it in there? We need to get that like transferred over. So. So I am gonna work on that as well too. We have like a process for that. What else? But she, I think, you know, has an appetite to kind of like, she. She's, you know, she, I think has a lot of. She has a lot of like, feedback on Jotsig as a product. So she's very active in our sort of like, she's a very like, you know, connected person to us as a company. And so, you know, she's been with us since the early days, so. So yeah, she'll. She'll probably have like a lot of feedback. Like I said, she's very much in the weeds. But the. Yeah, the goal is to kind of get her set up, get everything moved over, get everything set up and then like start billing kind of as soon as possible. So I met with her earlier today to kind of like do some of the, you know, more administrative stuff of like getting her Paradox and getting the clearinghouse set up and yada, yada, yada, understanding, like her current, her current EHR setup. Current billing. There's one other weird thing also with United, a lot of her United patients also have a secondary insurance that is Medicaid, I think, or something like that. So that will probably be some weird thing we'll have, we'll have to deal with.
michelle.lynn: Do you guys have secondary billing set up?
Adam Harrison: I don't know is the short answer.
Adam Harrison: But what does that entail?
michelle.lynn: So it's just a, you, once the ERA comes back, you have to have a copy of the EOB and then you have to complete a secondary claim form which would tell what the primary insurance paid, what's left over, and then you submit it. Like Medicare, they will generally send the secondary, send the claim to the secondary and it'll cross straight over to them. But if it's like for instance, like the United Medicaid, it more than likely it's going to return back to us and then we would have to submit a secondary claim to get. And the other thing about that, you know, if she has Medicaid, we would want to make for sure there are some Medicaids, like for instance, Wyoming Medicaid. If Blue Cross Blue Shield pays more than what Medicaid pays, they will not pay anything additional. So for instance, like Medicaid pays $86 for a session, a psychotherapy session in Wyoming. Blue Cross blue shield pays 105. They're not going to pay anything additional even if you bill $200 or $250. So then at that point it's not worth even sending a secondary because it's going to get denied anyway.
Adam Harrison: So we kind of need her payer contracts to know and fee schedules, is that right?
michelle.lynn: Correct.
Adam Harrison: Okay, let me share kind of what I have and what I'm asking for just to make sure I'm not missing anything. So what you shared with me is see if I still have this. Hopefully I didn't lose it. I think it's in my email. Okay. All right. So she did share this with me, which is just some of the basic. Sorry, it's very small. Let me see if I can zoom.
Adam Harrison: Okay, I can just narrate it, but this address is where everything. Oh, sorry, you can't see my mouse, can you?
michelle.lynn: No, that's okay. Oh, now I can.
Adam Harrison: Oh, now you can. Okay, so this address is where everything is. That's. This is like the billing practice address for everything, the Fortnave one. Everything is under the group npi. These are her different providers. So these are like their individual MPIs, but everything is under this group NPI. So I think this is actually like most of what we need just to be able to put on the claim. Right. I don't think there's anything maybe we might need, like something like there's some Medicaid stuff. Right. Like Ecos number or something like that. Right.
michelle.lynn: But no, that just. That's just saying that for Picos, that's just saying that she's credentialed. The P. TAN number doesn't appear on the claim.
Adam Harrison: Okay.
michelle.lynn: Yeah.
Adam Harrison: And then the things that I'm asking for, this is my kind of like checklist of things to ask for, Is basically these things, these, these four. So basically this like the provider participation agreement, which from my understanding is the, you know, like 50 page PDF you get with all the fine print.
michelle.lynn: Yep. The signed contract.
Adam Harrison: What'd you say?
michelle.lynn: The signed contract?
Adam Harrison: Yeah, yeah, the signed contract. Then there's usually like, there's enough. This is also usually signed, but it's just like one page and it has like your start date, which I think is probably less important but sometimes helpful if we don't like Jonathan, who we spoke to, who like he was all over the place. Right.
michelle.lynn: But yeah, once they're credentialed, because then you can, you'll at least know if you can go back date the billing.
Adam Harrison: Yes, yes.
michelle.lynn: Or if you know, if you submit too soon and you get denials, you'll know why.
Adam Harrison: Yes, yes. And then fee schedule for like obviously setting up. Yeah, that's pretty straightforward. And then I put this in here because we had a HealthLink person and HealthLink has like a network, I guess. I don't know, maybe this is not something we need to ask for. But I just included it here.
michelle.lynn: Sometimes it's good to have. Not always necessary, though.
Adam Harrison: Okay, but anything that I'm missing from that list, between that and the doc I shared with you, is that like everything you would usually ask for, assuming you were doing like a rebuild from scratch?
michelle.lynn: Yeah, they're already credentialed. You don't need anything more than what you're asking. Asking for. Obviously if you're going to be doing the credentialing, you're going to ask for a lot more information. But yeah, that with having their tax ID NPIs, so you can set them up as rendering you probably want. I couldn't see that, but I would assume under her, each of her client or her provider, she has their license numbers and stuff, right?
Adam Harrison: Oh, let me check. I didn't pull it back up. I don't know. Let me look. License, the NPI number. Is that what you mean? No license. Here we go. Yeah, yeah.
michelle.lynn: And then it looks like you've got their Medicaid numbers, dates of birth. Yeah. I mean, so you have basically. I mean, you have almost everything even needed for credentialing purposes. So. Yeah, that's a good, that's a great breakdown.
Adam Harrison: Okay. So this plus the fee schedules is probably all I really need. Right. I don't need all the long documents. Unless it was like, that's. I probably am not going to know if she's in network for some HMO plan with cigna. Right. That's when I would need the longer document.
michelle.lynn: Correct.
Adam Harrison: Okay, So I should probably just ask for all these things regardless.
michelle.lynn: Right? I would. Because then it's going to save you especially too if you get a denial on a claim. Once you start submitting them, you don't have to run back to them and say, you know, are you participating with this plan? Are you participating? You know. Yeah, you can call the insurance and ask the insurance that. But again, if you have the document right there, you can scan the document to see who, what they're in network with.
Adam Harrison: Yeah. I mean, right now we have like the right to ask for things. And if, you know, later, in two months, it's better to just have done it now than yes. Not be prepared when you get a denial. So.
michelle.lynn: Well, and sometimes you'll. I mean, I have providers that once they get their contract, they don't even, they don't save them. Like, they're like, I don't know what this is. And I'm like, so I always ask for a copy of the contract and then I save it. So that, and, and sometimes they'll come back and be like, hey, do you have a copy of my contract? Yeah, let me get that for you.
Adam Harrison: Yeah. No, that's. So I've learned because it's taken so long to get these things from people because they don't have them, that it's better to just get connected with their credentialing.
michelle.lynn: Yep.
Adam Harrison: And then just try to get everything from there.
michelle.lynn: Yep.
Adam Harrison: Even though that, you know, a lot of times they will take, like, weeks to get back to you, but at least they have the documents. Okay, well, I think this is kind of like. Well, any, like, big questions on Amanda, I think we can kind of like, get into the weeds, like. Later once I get some of that setup done. But I think, but I think probably sometime next week maybe we might be able to even be starting to like submit claims for her and do the, for her. We're doing like the full, the full end to end thing of like eligibility, you know, patient payments, insurance payments, like the whole nine yards. She just wants to like not deal with it. So. So it'll be, it'll be a beast to start. But you know, it's probably easier in some ways when you have the whole thing. Right. As opposed to. Yeah, we talked about that before. So. Yeah, we can kind of chat more next week on that. I'm also meeting with her Monday at 3 Eastern. If you were. Maybe if you wanted to join for that, I think that would be great. But if you are busy, that's. We also can like do that later on.
michelle.lynn: Let me just look here. I think. Yep, I'm available Monday at 3. 3. So 1. My time.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, exactly.
michelle.lynn: Okay.
Adam Harrison: So yeah, I will add you to the invite for that. I'll just. I just want to confirm the time first with her. So. So I'll get you added to that, but just maybe like tentatively pencil that in if that works for you. Yep, absolutely. Cool. That's all I really had this week, but I think, yeah, thank you for your help. I will send you our like draft JV in case you have like feedback on it. I'll, you know, if it's okay, I'll just send you what we have and I won't make edits yet. I think probably later I'll add some things about credentialing and stuff like that. But I'll just send you like where we have it right now. And then, yeah, I might send you kind of some kind of write up or background on Amanda before we chat with her on Monday. But otherwise I think we can probably just take it as we go.
michelle.lynn: Okay, sounds good.
Adam Harrison: All right. Thanks again, Michelle.
michelle.lynn: You're welcome. Take care.
Adam Harrison: Rest your day. All right, talk later.
michelle.lynn: Bye. Bye.