Christopher Hume: There we go.
Jon Baer: I'm good. How are you?
Christopher Hume: Good.
Jon Baer: How's your week? Yeah, not bad. Sun's out finally.
Christopher Hume: Is it warming up or still pretty brutal up there?
Jon Baer: Well, we had snow like again. Was it yesterday or the day before? But it's. Already kind of pretty much cleared up. So cold, but the sun's out.
Christopher Hume: So. Yeah, I was in.
Jon Baer: Buffalo yesterday.
Christopher Hume: Yeah. And it was snowing on Monday and it was like 70 in DC this weekend. I was like, I am not cut out for this right now. Okay, how are things going?
Jon Baer: Decent? I mean, I don't know. Like I just kind of took it, took a look at the sequences and stuff. I mean, the open rates are good. It's between 40 to 50%. Click rates definitely down a lot significantly. You know, obviously connect rate isn't what it is. Like I got in touch with one other person, I think on Monday. She was all set, not interested. So yeah, just plowing through them. I guess.
Christopher Hume: Okay. Have you. I need to go to your task list. Oops. You have a bunch of. People to call. Are these all from the to lists? Yeah. Okay.
Jon Baer: Yeah, those are overdue. I didn't, I didn't do much calling yesterday.
Christopher Hume: No, no, that's fine. I'm just trying to figure out. These are all from that like first tranche I gave you. You haven't started getting piped warm weeds yet, correct?
Jon Baer: No.
Christopher Hume: Okay. What I'm going to do is I have, RN gave me a new list of people. So today I'm going to push those all to you. So you're going to have like a new list that you can go through and keep building up this sequence. I think we're probably going to give this another week or two. But if we don't see some traction, we're probably going to have to adjust sort of our focus, whether that's a different list. Whether that's putting you on warm, putting you on inside sales. But we've given this a pretty good run. I don't know. I feel like the first list was just so good. Like we did, we did work with that first group of people and I'm pretty surprised how much. Friction we've had. But I don't know. What do you think?
Jon Baer: It's hard to tell? You know, it's like it's not. Like. Yeah, I don't know. It's hard to tell. It's just kind of like the name of the game of outbound, you know? It's not like we've had like a few that have been. You know, like maybe like not the right time. Or, you know, whatever the, you know, whatever the case is. So. I don't know. Yeah, a lot weaker, I feel like on, on this list, but also the responses have been a lot weaker as well.
Christopher Hume: What kind of responses?
Jon Baer: Just like any, anything, you know, like, like we had some that, you know, book straight from the calendar last time or two or sent to, you know, sent an email on like the where do we go from here, right? And it's like number three. Like I'm all set. I'm all set or whatever, at least getting like answers. You know, a few people that I talk to and then, you know, one, we were able to book a meeting with, you know, that Adam could have went like anyway.
Christopher Hume: Yeah. So I guess what you're saying is like we could have gotten like Adam was like a legit lead.
Jon Baer: Yeah.
Jon Baer: And it's still not like it's like I got to think too, like he's also like, you know, he wasn't it, but he sent everything to his providers as well. Like he's like, I'm not making that, you know, I will never make a decision for anything that they would use.
Christopher Hume: Right.
Jon Baer: And then I tried to spin it on the billing aspect of it. And he was like, I think we're just kind of all set for that front, you know? Okay. Just like not open to take me. It just. It is, you know, it could just be timing. It could be, you know, whatever. Yeah, it's kind of a, I don't know, it's just, it's kind of like the name of the game sometimes too.
Christopher Hume: Like.
Jon Baer: Who, you know. I don't know, because I could have a great day today. I could have a great day. You know, I didn't really have much luck in the beginning, you know, of the first list and all right.
Jon Baer: And then all of a sudden, that was like nine, you know, that was like, you know, sequence nine and stuff like that. Like, I mean, you know, you know, number nine on the sequence, like usually like I was just kind of like, oh man, I'm already, I'm feeling defeated. And then all of a sudden it was like boom, boom, boom, like right at the end.
Christopher Hume: So yes. So what we're going to do is yeah, I have this, I'll show you what we're working with. So this is like the same. Our answer to feedback, we gave him on the list you're currently working with and we tweaked it a little bit. So we've got a big list. I need to just run this through and make sure we're not like double tapping anyone today. Or double tapping one. And then I'm going to push this into two HubSpot segments for you. Our one hugs HubSpot segment for you so you can just add them to the list as you go. And the other one I am going to throw to Aloire so you have like a smile and dial for the people who don't have emails.
Jon Baer: Okay, cool. Yeah, and it's not even like. I mean, I don't, some of them I don't even know if the numbers are good or bad because they don't have like voicemails that like let you know. But I don't even think it's so much as I just really am just having a hard time getting somebody on the phone period, you know? And it's not like. You know, and I've done early calls, midday calls,
Christopher Hume: you know, that has to do with the spam filter.
Jon Baer: Some of them are like, you know, like when I, there's a lot that it's like, please, you know, what's your name? Yeah, I'll take. And then, you know, I'll hear it start to do the ring and then like hang up, you know, which I know the person's just well.
Christopher Hume: And also Apple like literally within the past couple months rolled out a new spam filter that you can turn on on your phone. Where. Like, so now there's also some structural things here too.
Jon Baer: And I've used pretty much the same number on this time all the way through. I haven't, I'm going to start to switch to that New York number a little bit and see if I can get it from a different angle. But I, you know, I just had stuck to the same one because I also felt like, you know, maybe they'll just see the same number calling.
Christopher Hume: Yeah.
Jon Baer: And they're like, holy shit, what's wrong or something like that.
Christopher Hume: So I have another question for you, John. Yeah. And so I guess you haven't even had enough conversations to like know. Be like.
Jon Baer: Like, like I had two, like I had that one with Sam and then I sent email and then I tried calling him, you know, like a week later and he didn't answer. And then I've got, you know, his, what I think, you know, director of ops in a flow right now. He's been looking at emails and opening them, but I can't, he just hasn't been picking up the phone, this guy, Amir. And then I had Adam, you know, I spoke with twice. And then I had like three or four other people that just, they're all set.
Christopher Hume: You know, one person that was, we only gave you like 60 leads.
Jon Baer: Right? Yeah. Well, yeah, technically 100. And then, I think right. And then there was.
Christopher Hume: Like maybe it was, it kind of was a little bit of a cluster because I didn't realize that I was going to be such a pain in the ass.
Jon Baer: Well, actually, yeah, no, because some of them Jack already had done and then some of them, they didn't have any emails.
Jon Baer: So it, like, I've only let them go throughout the air. And those are honestly pretty trash.
Christopher Hume: Yeah. The ones without emails.
Jon Baer: Yeah. Yeah. Like the, like the phone numbers are pretty, pretty brutal. Okay. But I, but I did, I talked to one person, you know what I mean on there and it, you know, again, that was a lady that, you know, her husband tried to kill her or something. And Jesus practice. So that was, you know, a little bit weird.
Christopher Hume: But I still have a like face here. Like we've had enough. Yeah, we had enough success at the beginning and enough like success with inside sales and then just like the end test database. Like Jack has had pretty good success. Just cold calling clinics. So I think this is more a list thing than anything. So let me just like. Push you this list. Today. How much like how many more leads can you take? Because I don't want to like give you like a hundred people or 200 people and you're like, dude, that's it taking me a month. Like what is reasonable for the next like, let's say two weeks if you're just going to like balls to the wall, just pull out.
Jon Baer: I mean, I don't, I don't know. Like I strive for, you know, with anything on like a new list being able to put in like 10 a day. You know, with what I have now as far as like, you know, tasks and stuff, it, it just like depends on my day, you know, realistically like, you know, with some of the issues on HubSpot and stuff like that.
Jon Baer: Like I really just be able to, you know, do like 60 calls and 30 or 40 like emails and I can like handle that. So I mean, if you give me a list of 100, you know, I also can. You know, what I do with this other list is I actually went through the whole list in a day. I can schedule them to start the sequence, right?
Jon Baer: So I can come in and then I can put 10 in for tomorrow and I can put tenant for the next day all in one day. So that they're already tasked out for me. You know, so that's what I did with, with the previous one. And I just kind of got everybody in, you know, when I could. And then I don't know. I saw the errors, you know, like after Saudi, you're like, Jesus Christ, what are you doing?
Christopher Hume: You're killing me.
Jon Baer: Yeah. Yeah. I mean, I'm happy to do that. Like I said, like I've probably been through, you know, so the old list, right, that we had, I think we. Nine like pages of maybe. Like. I don't know, 15 or 20 per page.
Jon Baer: Like, so I went through like my old like finished tasks for the Hail Marys, the ones at the end. Yeah. And then I started to go through the back end. So the ones that like, you know, they ended like February 3rd or February 9th. And I started to re-add them to these like new flows and I've probably done one, two, I think I'm on page like four. Like on the back end. So I probably did like five, four or five of those pages and I stopped where it like ended on like February 17th because I didn't want to re-add them to a sequence so early.
Christopher Hume: Yeah, right. Give a little bit of time.
Jon Baer: Yeah. So, you know, though, you know, so that's what I've been doing as far as like, you know, the other ones kind of like floating in and stuff like that. So trying to man, I'm, I'm, you know.
Christopher Hume: No, no, no, no. I. Certainly believe in this process, John. I just need to make sure that I'm giving you the right people is like, if like radical candor, but I think the issue is here. I think there's something wrong with our lead generation process and just like we've been, running around like sort of doing so much that they'll tighten this up yet, which I think we're seeing that the negative impact there.
Jon Baer: Like at the same time, like I don't know if we can like, like maybe stick in a few extra like, I don't know one hit PDFs.
Christopher Hume: Right? Yeah.
Jon Baer: So you think is, you know, it's technically like a new chance, right? And it's like we can piss jock cred, we could push drop. We don't know what's going to land with that company and what they're looking for, right? Like for example like, you know, even like I talked to Steve at Insight because he's like, oh shit, I got to reschedule with that. But you know, we're trying to get one of our clinical directors. You know, she's getting license in, you know, just got Maine, New Hampshire, and then we're trying to New York as well. Like timing, you know, you know, it could be like, well. Jot cred could be something like if someone's looking to. Help get credentialed in a certain state. You know, maybe billing is not important to them right now, but that's, you know,
Christopher Hume: and that's our foot in the door, right?
Jon Baer: It might be worth like having different, you know, like we were pitching the AI, we're pitch the job bill, we're pitch a jot cred, but maybe have just like one, like a one pager that I can throw into some of those emails to see if you get some clicks and everything like that.
Christopher Hume: Yeah, especially with someone who's already active. Yeah, let me actually like, yeah, that's a great idea. I'm going to add this to my to do list.
Jon Baer: Like yeah, the only difference with like with some of that, at least from an outbound perspective on me, right?
Jon Baer: If I know that I have a few different things, right, or a few different emails that are going out, all different, like you should see like some of them care, like I said, like that audit risk was like a, like a hitter, like a hitter, you know, the first time around, you know, some of like the billing ones are kind of like our hitters as well to something like the owners, right? Because that's what they care about, you know, but like you don't know if someone might care about the credentialing aspect or whatever. But on my end. If I see some people that are just kind of ignoring emails, but then all of a sudden like they click like a PDF that's like, you know, just a quick outline of like Jock Cred, right? Or whatever it is, right? If I do happen to get them on the phone, at least I kind of, I might know a little bit like where to get call. Right. So maybe I'm not fully pitching Jotville. Maybe I'm saying, you know, hey, you know, Abby, you know, you know, like ring a bell. Yeah, I think so. Okay. Well, I noticed, you know, you might, you know, you clicked on, you know, some credentialing or, you know, or whatever, you know, are you trying to get credentialed in other states or, you know, some of your, you know, therapists? And it just gives me like more of a talk track and a little bit more of like a human approach on that. And then you kind of go into like what I do with Adam was like, I started to like break. You know, specifically because he mentioned you guys are like an AI scribe. I say, yeah, you know, that's what we do. So we're, you know, an AI scribe, you know, that saves documentation times for, you know, providers, therapists and things like that. And we're very important to that aspect of it, but for you specifically, right, we're working with business owners on, you know, being able to help, you know, understand their billing health. It's typically kind of a black box and you don't really know where to push your biller. And like that, you know, then I started to move into that kind of conversation with him. But it gives.
Christopher Hume: That's, I mean, no, this is an awesome point, John, that like if we get signals, it then allows us to like craft the message and just means that connects are going to have better outcomes.
Jon Baer: And then also wonder like, do you use anything like, like sales navigator on LinkedIn or anything?
Christopher Hume: I have sales navigator. I need to use it more.
Jon Baer: So a lot of like my old album, like you can find, you can see signals on there. Like you can see practices and stuff that start to like have buyer intent or intent on looking at AI scribe software or start to jot psych website. Right. And then like maybe start to pull some of those, you know, you know. I mean, I used to do a ton on, you know, you know, you know, sales navigator, especially if you have it. Like you can see a tent from the company that. You know, that you work for and who's. You know, likely personas or, you know, save account leads and things like that and then filter those out or kind of see who's clicking, you know, into Jot psych and just like looking at your profile page and stuff. So might be something to kind of like look into a little bit more. On like the warmer side. And then you can even schedule like a call with like a sales nav like rep from like LinkedIn and they can kind of show you how
Christopher Hume: to walk you through how to do it because we're already paying for that. We might as well take advantage of it.
Jon Baer: Used to find, I mean, I honestly, I used to book meetings from that, you know, at Rightworks when like, because sometimes they would give us just shit leads or things I just would have to find ways to be able to, you know, do things myself.
Christopher Hume: Do you have any thoughts on warm leads, John? Like these like Facebook forums. Have you ever used those?
Jon Baer: So like. Not necessarily Facebook, but so, so at Insight, we do like some Facebook marketing and we have like individual people that will like click and or they'll fill out like a form or something like that and it'll get thrown into an Excel sheet. And I usually, I usually run those leads. So I'm usually the ones like Colin and I'm like, hey, you know, notice that you, you know, click one of our Facebook ads, you know, looking for some substance use, you know, do you have a few minutes to chat, you know, right now. And then you kind of get into that conversation.
Christopher Hume: But I assume it's, you know, the no, no, I just, yeah, we're actually exactly that.
Christopher Hume: It's a, they put in their info form and then it populates in HubSpot for us. So right now, just to like keep everyone's brain waves as simple as possible. I'm going to have. Jack running those while you run the cold outbound.
Jon Baer: He has more time and like you kind of probably want to mess that up.
Christopher Hume: Um, perfect. Please give me a lot to work with John. I'm going to get you a list. Under just good, I can go like, I could give you anywhere between zero and. 180. What would be like the perfect number for you to just grind over the next two weeks?
Jon Baer: Just toss the 180 in a one thing and I'll just, as I, and I'll just keep you posted on, you know, where I go, you know what
Christopher Hume: I need to double check to make sure we haven't, we're not like double tapping people.
Christopher Hume: So probably go down a little. But this looks like a pretty good list. So let's see what happens here.
Jon Baer: Okay, cool. And then. What else was I going to say? I did talk. I talked to Steve about, oh yeah, perfect. Some stuff now. But honestly, like we had, we did have a good conversation. So we're looking at the, I know it's a little while from now. But, but by next January getting us machine. Yeah. And then we're going to have a separate like outpatient practice as well.
Jon Baer: So we'll have TMS and then we'll probably have another four therapist and we're not going to use Khipu for, for that. This is very expensive. So I actually, I talked to him. You know, about. Potentially like Jot psych for the billing for just almost like an REHR.
Christopher Hume: You can certainly use this as an EHR.
Jon Baer: Yeah. So it would be probably like, I don't know, like, you know, we, we have an M, you know, we have Vicki with NP and then, you know, probably four, four therapists, maybe a fifth or something, but we would kind of probably use that as a full EHR platform. And then. Yeah, that's it. Vicki used, she uses therapy notes, which, which she likes, but they don't do as much, you know, and we like if it would make sense if we could just do everything, you know, in one. Yeah. Yeah. So just to give you a heads up with that, we got a awesome.
Christopher Hume: So should I keep chasing them or should
Jon Baer: I just give them some time? Just leave it alone. We got an owner's moving on Thursday. You know, he will reschedule. We just have to figure out. We just have a few things to figure out. Like, are we going to go this route? We just have to have a few buy-ins from some of the other dude.
Christopher Hume: A TMS machine. That's pretty awesome.
Christopher Hume: That's, that's a big, that's a big deal.
Jon Baer: Yeah. Yeah. We do, yeah. We just checked one out on Wednesday for a place Bishop Health, you know, good friends with one of the owners and they have a place up in Portland and South Portland, TMS and ketamine clinic. They also do like this and everything like that. So yeah, yeah.
Christopher Hume: Very, very cool. That's fun, dude. So how, how many clinics, how many sites do you have?
Jon Baer: You're, does your clinic have you typically have technically two? It's like, but we have substance use group practice and then a mental health. And then we also have like tracks within mental health where we do kind of neurodivergency. So like OCD, ASD. HD and stuff like that. So the TMS kind of works hand in hand, honestly, with both because it's a lot for severe depression. And there's studies that come out with, with OCD, being able to help, you know, stimulate whatever, you know, pathways, you know, you know, for it. So. So eventually that'll be, I guess three.
Jon Baer: Wow, that's super exciting. Yeah.
Christopher Hume: I'm sure you stay busy, John.
Jon Baer: Got all that.
Christopher Hume: And you've got a side hustle going on here.
Jon Baer: Yeah.
Christopher Hume: Yeah, definitely stay busy. I joke no one in this industry has one job. Everyone is doing their main job.
Jon Baer: They have a hustle.
Christopher Hume: They help people on weekends. Like Jesus Christ, I could barely do my job. I know. Okay. Awesome, dude. I'll get you this list today. I'll let you know if there's any issues with duplicates. Bird loud and clear on like sales navigator and like signals. Yeah, but I think for, for at least the next two weeks, we'll probably just get run into the trench, do what we can do with cold outbound, just pure cold. I think if we, again, this is like a thing. If we book one meeting, that's enough for me to kind of like, all right, we've booked four meetings. We've gotten a lot of shots up. Let's just scale this as hot as much as we can. Um, so that's kind of the metric I'm looking for.
Jon Baer: Cool.
Christopher Hume: Thank you, John.
Jon Baer: All right.
Christopher Hume: Let me know if you think about.