Gioia Garden: Hello. Hey there. Can you hear us? Hello.
Antoinette Taylor: Hi. Good morning.
Gioia Garden: Good morning.
Antoinette Taylor: How are you? I'm doing okay. How are you?
Gioia Garden: I'm good.
Antoinette Taylor: I'm good.
Gioia Garden: My name is Joya, and Chris is also on the line.
Antoinette Taylor: Hi, I'm antoinette.
Gioia Garden: Hi, Internet. Just double check. Can you see in here? It's okay.
Antoinette Taylor: I can.
Gioia Garden: Great.
Antoinette Taylor: I really would come on camera, but I had a really early session. I've climbed back in bed.
Gioia Garden: Yeah. Good for you. No pressure to come on camera.
Antoinette Taylor: Okay?
Gioia Garden: For setting up time. Do you have a sense already of what you're looking to get out of our time?
Antoinette Taylor: Yeah, so I currently use job site. Originally it was a part of the practice that I currently work for, but I didn't want to be limited to it because I started to enjoy it. So I just paid for it on my own and I am launching my private practice and they're working on my website, so. I noticed that it was a change. I said, okay. Wait a minute. They got escribe. They have billing and I don't get into it that much. So when I started to see that, I said, well, let me check it out to see, since I'm already paying as opposed to another profile I did a review with and it would be a new charge and I didn't want to get used to nothing else. So I wanted to see what the billing aspect of it looks like. And the east ride.
Gioia Garden: Okay? So let's see. And I might. How long have you been using jot Psych? Just so I have a sense.
Antoinette Taylor: Since the late August September.
Gioia Garden: Awesome. Okay. And generally, have you been joining it so far?
Antoinette Taylor: Yes. It's so doable. I've noticed. I'm over here chilling. I'm off today on my regular job, but I don't have any trust to do because I completed at the end of the I did create my own template in terms of what I wanted on particular things like general intake, my therapy, and a quick follow up. So I like the fact that it's already kind of built in for you, and you just add what you need. Yeah. So I'm over here laying in bed on my day off because not one chart to complete. Praise God.
Gioia Garden: Love hearing that. Okay, so I'm glad it's already helping you.
Antoinette Taylor: Helping your.
Gioia Garden: Okay, so let's figure out sort of how we can talk prescribe and billing stuff.
Antoinette Taylor: What would you like to get out of those features? Well. As I am building my practice and I'm already familiar with Job Sykes, I really want to move into the transition of. Are there any major hiccups with it? What would it cost for me? I already paid 150amonth. How much more is it for the patients for me to have billing and One of the things I wanted to know was when a patient looked to an appointment with me or request an appointment, do they have to log into jot psych or am I able just to add like a link and they can go straight into job site?
Gioia Garden: Yeah, if they can self schedule into job sites, yes. Okay. They're great questions. Okay, so, Chris, do you already answer that?
Christopher Hume: I can jump in here. Antoinette, I don't think I've spoken yet.
Christopher Hume: So lovely to meet you. And it's so nice to hear you're getting a little relaxation.
Christopher Hume: Thanks to Jotsyc.
Antoinette Taylor: I'll be sure to share that with the team.
Antoinette Taylor: Our win for the day.
Christopher Hume: So I can walk you through the pricing. I can walk you through our billing. And then I can walk you through our scheduling features.
Christopher Hume: Each prescription is an additional $69 a month, so that is through our partner Dose Spot. Do all your subscriptions in there and also your PDMP checks. Are.
Christopher Hume: Billing is all inclusive, so we can do everything from the eligibility checks. All the way through sending to the payer for you.
Christopher Hume: We charge dependent depending on the level of support you choose, or to 8% of collected revenue.
Christopher Hume: And then 90 cents, an eligibility check.
Christopher Hume: And in terms of scheduling right now, unfortunately, Antoinette, you have to schedule yourself for your patients on job site.
Antoinette Taylor: Okay.
Christopher Hume: I've actually flattished the engineering team. I'm having a conversation this morning with a different customer. We really need to have self service, so that's something that's going to be added. To the roadmap and we're working on.
Christopher Hume: Okay, but I ask you one more question.
Antoinette Taylor: Absolutely.
Christopher Hume: Are you independently credentialed?
Antoinette Taylor: I'm in the process.
Christopher Hume: Okay, so we support clinicians with that as well.
Antoinette Taylor: So if you need help with any additional payers getting
Christopher Hume: credentialed, that's something we can do for you.
Antoinette Taylor: Is there a charge?
Christopher Hume: The upfront fee just for us to set up the system for you is $350, and then it's $300 a pair.
Antoinette Taylor: Okay? So if I have the payer, I could just give you the information because we have to go through availability, right? Okay, so I'm credentialed. With, like, a whole bunch of people, but not on my own platform, so I'm actually working through the process. Okay. So I just checked in with the young lady that I'm working with today, so I just added another one. I just don't understand. It's crazy that if you're credentialed, why do we have to go through this process?
Antoinette Taylor: We're already provincial, right? Keeping them in business, I guess, but, yeah. So I'm working to get through that. So $300 per payer is a lot of money for me starting out. So I have to kind of wait on that. So okay. Building for dope spot. What is the service for the controls? Is it doctor first or is it still through dose? Five.
Christopher Hume: It's through dose five.
Antoinette Taylor: Okay, so it's different than doctor first, so get all credit. Okay, no problem. I have that on one of the platforms that I use. I haven't even logged into it yet, but okay. All right, so that's $69, so I already paid 150, so. How do we look at the 150 that I'm paying for with additional features?
Christopher Hume: It would be 150 plus 69. And then that could seem like quicker path here into that 15, 19, 2 19amonth. Yep. So it'd be 219amonth. And if you'd like to add on any other features, we have some audit protection features as well. You can add those a la carte, or you can add everything Jotsec has to offer for $249 a month. And that's every feature will roll out.
Christopher Hume: We might roll out.
Antoinette Taylor: I think I like the 2 49. I don't want to be separate, but. So let's look at so the clearinghouse. Tell me so the billing aspect of it. So I submit claims. And there's a clearing house attached to.
Christopher Hume: If you choose our full billing platform, we use signer notes and we submit them to our clearinghouse for you. Clearinghouse is steady.
Christopher Hume: We help make sure you get paid.
Antoinette Taylor: And then God forbid, there's an audit or a rejection.
Christopher Hume: If you choose one of the middle or top tier, we'll fight that for you.
Antoinette Taylor: And so tell me, I don't know if you know generally. How long have you been seeing the claims? Getting processed and paid?
Christopher Hume: So that's something. This is a relatively new feature we have, so I don't have a good estimate on time right now, but that's something I can certainly share for you once we have a better understanding of how long it takes.
Antoinette Taylor: Okay, so let's talk about the entire package, because I was adding another hundred dollars because I'm already. Exactly. Let's talk about what. Okay, what I want to ask. Is. So I would do the self scheduling. Is there, like, so when people sign onto my website, Is there a link or something or icon or something they can know that I'm using? Job site.
Gioia Garden: Like a badge. Point do we have that, Chris?
Christopher Hume: That's not something we have yet. But again, Antoinette, that's a really good idea and something.
Antoinette Taylor: Okay, well, yami, pay me.
Christopher Hume: I know we do, right?
Antoinette Taylor: For all these things, documents. Is so important.
Antoinette Taylor: So even though I've been a nurse for a long time, documentation has always been top tier and optimal because I want to get my check right. So I made sure that as I was learning and teaching my staff that documentation. We lost so much money back in the day pilling stickers off and putting it on and grabbing supplies and not charging for it. That's how a lot of systems have failed. But going in, I don't want to be a failure from that perspective. I want to make sure that I'm doing what's right, first of all. This is not a get rich put scheme for me. This is my practice. This is my passion.
Antoinette Taylor: Of course I want to get paid. I want to be able to support my lifestyle, but I want to be able to provide a service and documentation is really an important part of that service. That's why I was asking for all things. Kind of make it easier, make sure I'm not missing anything. I see a lot of insurance in the group I'm following. A lot of insurances are downgrading the claims because it doesn't meet criteria. So, yeah, I want to make sure that. I'm working with someone that's ethically positioned to say, hey, Antoinette. Boom. Let's do this because we notice this. So I like people who are. If you're going to be doing the billing in the clearinghouse, is it internal or is it a third party?
Christopher Hume: In terms of the clearinghouse is steady as our partner, but we do all of.
Christopher Hume: The kind of pre audits, and we have members of our team who are working those claims, and we have our AI system that does most of the work.
Christopher Hume: And for edge cases, I like to joke to the employees, the guy running it is called Adam.
Antoinette Taylor: And I say we have Madam Intelligence, that sort of AI too.
Christopher Hume: Who's working on it.
Antoinette Taylor: Okay? So. Okay, let's go over what will all be included in the 2:49. I'm already there, so let's go.
Christopher Hume: To the 2:49 will include describe so unlimited access to all the features you currently have. It'll include infrastructure. And it will include our audit tool.
Christopher Hume: And what this does is it allows us to build custom rules for your notes that are based off of your payer contracts. That way dot site can flag if anything. If something's missing from a note, we'll flag it for you before you even sign that note and before we submit it to the pair.
Christopher Hume: So that's all inclusive there.
Antoinette Taylor: Okay. I've seen that feature pop up lately because it's been an update, and I'm like, click, I need the truck. And I've seen the audit. Okay. All right. Yeah, okay.
Christopher Hume: And so that's all inclusive.
Christopher Hume: We're also, at some point, Antoinette behind curtain, going to be rolling out our own video platform as well. So you'll be able to do telehealth with your patients through JIAC as well. That would be included in that 249.
Antoinette Taylor: Oh, that's great.
Christopher Hume: What's the platform?
Antoinette Taylor: So when is that starting?
Christopher Hume: Again. I don't know when we're going to roll it out to the patients. It's on our roadmap. We developed a beta feature for this quite a while ago that we've been playing with, and so something that will certainly be rolling out this year, hopefully sometime in the next few months.
Antoinette Taylor: So I would need to have a hipaa compliant platform.
Christopher Hume: Already?
Antoinette Taylor: Yeah. Okay?
Christopher Hume: Most of our customers use or a lot of our customers use something like DOCSD or Compliant Zoom for the time being.
Antoinette Taylor: Okay, that's fine. Because I use Zoom now with the company that. I just wanted to make sure that. Because Jazz Talk does all the work, of course, they're just recording everything, but I'll be able to going forward. I'll be able to do everything on the platform. Okay. That works, but I can come up with a zoom. Hipaa compliant. Thing. And doxie I could probably do boxy. We'll see. I just want to know exactly. So when they go into my website, I'm doing the schedule so they will book the appointment with me and I wouldn't do all the work. I got that.
Antoinette Taylor: But did you say going forward? You will have, like a badge and link. For page.
Christopher Hume: The badge I need to flag for our team.
Christopher Hume: The link is certainly something I want us to work on. It's something I flagged the engineers yesterday and then again this morning.
Christopher Hume: They'll be working on the calendar this week.
Antoinette Taylor: So when I send the patient.
Antoinette Taylor: Oh, does the. Do you have patients schedule reminders?
Antoinette Taylor: Yes, that's included in my 2. 49. Okay, so when I schedule their appointment, I put their information in and they will get the email. They will get the compliance forms and the informed consent and all that, too.
Christopher Hume: Yes. We have forms that will auto send with the schedule, so we have a bunch built in. But if you have a custom requirement, we can work with you to develop.
Antoinette Taylor: Okay. I just want to make sure the informed consent. Now, with that being said, will that be the consensus for job cycle? Will they be in my company name? We can.
Christopher Hume: The forms are custom, so if you'd like. Yeah. So whatever you need in them, you can put in the form.
Antoinette Taylor: Oh, great. That's awesome. Because I want to make sure for compliance and for audit. And of course, I have to have a supervising, a collaborative. So I want to make sure. Yeah, I want. To make sure I can. When I'm done, he can see that I've done all this work so he can continue to support me. Because a lot of people just do things. Half child of government can walk in at any time. The payer can walk in at any time. You can get shut down at any time, so I just want to make sure I have all things. And I did see one of the templates that I made. I put my business name on it the other day, so.
Gioia Garden: Okay, that's good to know. And I also want to mention have a self pay client or you're collecting copays. You can also process payments directly in job site as well.
Antoinette Taylor: Okay, what is the form? What is a method? What is used?
Gioia Garden: Stripe.
Antoinette Taylor: Yes, exactly.
Gioia Garden: And the processing fee. And Chris cards we have long here. It's 2.9% plus 30 per charge.
Antoinette Taylor: Say that again.
Gioia Garden: The process is 2.9% plus 30 cents.
Antoinette Taylor: Per. You know, I'm one of those ones. I pretty much want to use debit because I see a lot of patients are challenging the charges for their credit cards. It's a lot of fraud. I spend a lot of time. I could add another patient. And now you want to call the interest and dispute the charge. So I'm almost like, I really don't even want to get involved with credit debit only. But is that an option?
Gioia Garden: Yeah, you can charge debit or an HSA card, okay?
Antoinette Taylor: All right. Okay, so what else did he ask me? Are there any. No, you still have to work today. Another thing I wanted to mention. Are there any legality issues? Once you guys build that where you can log in and do all that stuff, will there be any contention to using it to personal websites, to personal businesses? Or no. Have my own business. We're going to build in. We're going to do the build out with jot site. And then when you get the link and the badge, it won't be anything that says we're restricted to adding this directly to. Okay, all right. Okay? Because my website guys, he was like, you just got to make sure there's no legal stuff when you want to add this directly to your site, which we haven't got there yet. Okay. All right. So, anything else?
Christopher Hume: Sorry to jump in here, Joya. Antoinette, I have one question for you. Are you seeing any patients on your own yet?
Antoinette Taylor: No.
Christopher Hume: Go ahead.
Antoinette Taylor: I'm just using a couple of platforms. Right now, just through them. So we're in the process of doing my website. But I have my business license and all my insurance and all that stuff, so I'm looking to do that. I'm just trying to figure out how to do that. Marketing, I guess. Most psychology today.
Antoinette Taylor: So I'm just trying to get patients. Why? You have a suggestion?
Gioia Garden: No.
Christopher Hume: The one thing we don't do yet, Antoinette, is marketing.
Antoinette Taylor: We do everything else for you.
Christopher Hume: Credentialing, billing, notetaking. But marketing? That's the next frontier. Maybe.
Antoinette Taylor: Oh, the ads are on my everything. That's like somebody's hiking. You slip before you got off at 4, it's now. 11:49pM and you're still charting. Oh, my gosh. Watch it three or four times or more a day.
Gioia Garden: Okay?
Antoinette Taylor: All right, so that sounds good. As I am still working to do that. 30 cents. And what was the 90 cents for? You had, said Christopher earlier.
Christopher Hume: And 90 cents are for. Our eligibility checks.
Christopher Hume: If you want to make sure that you have insurance coverage.
Antoinette Taylor: So I will put them in. I would have them put their insurance. That means I have to do the work.
Christopher Hume: I have to put their insurance in.
Antoinette Taylor: I think the insurance is in.
Christopher Hume: We just review before every session that it's active. It's active. And that they're eligible for the treatment you're planning to provide, okay?
Antoinette Taylor: That's not bad. And appointment reminders. There's no charge for any of that, right?
Christopher Hume: Kind of has a word. Antoine. Everyone asked us if we charge for appointment reminders, and we don't. I'm wondering if we should be charging for employment reminders. But they're included in the subscription.
Antoinette Taylor: Okay. All right. So when I'm ready, which will be soon, because I'm just moving on step by step. I have all the confidence in the world that things are going to work out. So who do I reach out to to change my subscription?
Christopher Hume: I was going to suggest Antoinette. Could we schedule a meeting maybe for the end of this month? We could have you meet with our billing team, and then if it's a good time, then we can actually start the transition. Or if you need a little more time, then we can schedule your transition date.
Antoinette Taylor: Okay, I like that. Yeah. The end of this month, Wednesdays are the only days for me because that is the only day that I. I mean, I see page piss on platforms that day. But I don't work my full time job, so Wednesdays are great.
Christopher Hume: So I will get you on the calendar for Wednesday. Let me just make sure I have the right email address. Email.
Antoinette Taylor: One second.
Christopher Hume: Antoinette is your email antoinette fmp@gmail.com.
Antoinette Taylor: Yes.
Gioia Garden: Perfect.
Christopher Hume: Let me grab this for you. Wednesday could maybe do with that 18th work for you. Two weeks from today.
Antoinette Taylor: Sure.
Christopher Hume: And where? Where in the country?
Antoinette Taylor: Are you answering that? I'm in california.
Christopher Hume: Okay, so then let's. I'm in D.C. and Joya is in Colorado. We're all over the country.
Antoinette Taylor: Both places that have been pummeled with snow. Bless your heart, that's for sure. Okay, so tell me something. Who founded. What is Jotsy really about? Who was the person? Yeah.
Christopher Hume: So our. Our founders are Nate and Jackson.
Christopher Hume: Nate is a palliative care nurse practitioner. His dad is a neuro oncologist, so he knew all the challenges with charting. And Jackson is an AI guru, and he'd been looking for a way to start a company to help people with AI and their best. Friends from college, so that's kind of where this all came from.
Gioia Garden: Okay.
Antoinette Taylor: All right. Good. Chad, we needed a thousand years ago.
Christopher Hume: I know.
Christopher Hume: Listen, let me just tell you.
Antoinette Taylor: Let me just tell you, because this is how I go. 39 year old female, period, went to the hospital, period. That's all you used to hear. I don't even know how the dictation picked that. Up. Yeah. Internet.
Christopher Hume: Does noon California time work on the 18th?
Antoinette Taylor: That'll work.
Gioia Garden: Perfect.
Christopher Hume: So I am going to schedule this for you right now.
Antoinette Taylor: Yeah, do so. I would love to meet with him. And I'll continue to look through. Okay, so I'll look through all the stuff. Because I was clicking on it the other day. I need to go back to see what one of the audits said. Yeah, for sure.
Christopher Hume: Perfect.
Christopher Hume: You should receive that email with Nate so you could ask him to make sure I'm telling the truth about his parents. And Joya and I are here to support you.
Christopher Hume: In the meantime, is there anything else we can help with?
Antoinette Taylor: No, no. Thank you so much. I think most of my questions are answered. I'm comfortable with the platform, so I don't want I see the invitation.
Antoinette Taylor: I just don't want to switch her. And I just want to make sure that, you know, it's always compliant. You know what I'm saying? Because some people are questionable about AI I think is the best thing. All it's doing is saying what I said. I mean, just, you know, but there are. A lot of people that have questions and I just want to make sure the insurance the payers are okay with and that's written into the contract or whatever. Do they say that? I don't know. But just so I won't be denied claims, I just want to make sure.
Gioia Garden: Congrats on about being about to, like, launch your private practice.
Gioia Garden: And I love crossing your T's and dotting your eyes with all this. And as Chris said, we're here to help.
Gioia Garden: This is success. And make sure, like, the administrative work is streamlined.
Antoinette Taylor: Oh, girl. Yes. Because I don't feel like all. That, okay? I appreciate you all. Thank you so much for your time. I look forward.
Gioia Garden: Thank you.
Antoinette Taylor: You're very. My pleasure. Thank you.