Emily Michalski-Weber: How to get it all together. I apologize.
Adam Harrison: No worries at all. I know it's much. I find it at least more confusing than Zoom, so not sure. Yeah.
Emily Michalski-Weber: Oh, there. Okay.
Adam Harrison: There you go. It looks. There we go. Yeah, I can see it now. Well, yeah, I think. Thanks for booking some time. What seems to be going on with. With jots like for you?
Emily Michalski-Weber: Well, I haven't even tried it.
Adam Harrison: Oh, okay.
Emily Michalski-Weber: Because of a couple of things I've been using. I've just been like putting my feelers out there. Right. So I'm a psych NP and charting is my. I hate it right along with everybody else. So I found through Doximity that they have like a free scribe in there that you can use and so I've been using that. However, it's definitely more medical based than what I would like. So I do have to go in and make like some edits to it and I have a friend like a couple who uses Jot Psych and she really likes it and so I figured I would just kind of get like an overview and for some reason I had a know about done today so I don't know, I didn't even utilize that very well.
Adam Harrison: No worries at all. First things first, let me. You said you didn't really get to try it, but you did a. You did a trial but didn't get a chance to use it.
Emily Michalski-Weber: Yeah. No.
Adam Harrison: Okay, well let me first just kind of like re up your trial. So let me see if I can do that for you quickly and then I can give you kind of a walkthrough of just how it works. Okay. And yeah, I think on your. To your point about Doximity, we do find that some of those other scribes that aren't like maybe purely behavioral health focused can be a little more medical and may not have. For example, like we have templates that are specific for if you're doing like a psychotherapy add on for your sessions. I don't know if that's something that you do, but yeah, we try to make sure our notes are pretty, you know. Oh, you don't. Do you just do med management?
Emily Michalski-Weber: Yeah, there. Yeah, that was not my jam. So. But I mean that's important to have because you never know.
Adam Harrison: No, yeah, makes a ton of sense. So let me see here. I'm going to update your subscription. I just kind of renewed your subscription. You'll have until February 2nd now. Okay. So that's just a fresh 10 days. Um, so, yeah, you should have time to, like, kind of test it out. What would be most helpful to go over? Do you have any specific questions or is just like a broad overview where you want to start?
Emily Michalski-Weber: I think just like, if we could do a broad overview and then maybe I could see, like, from there kind of. Yeah.
Adam Harrison: Happened for sure. So let me pull up and share my screen. Are you in a computer where I can share my screen?
Emily Michalski-Weber: I hope so. Yes. I'm on a computer, so, yeah.
Adam Harrison: Oh, you're on a computer. Okay. Sometimes people join from their phone, and then I share my screen and it's like, oh, I can't really see what's going on, so. Oh, yeah. So, no. So that's good. So let me just get logged into my demo account and then I'll share my screen here. Maybe just as I'm pulling this up, a few more questions just on you and your practice. Are you in a private practice? Are you kind of doing moonlighting? Are you in a broader organization? What does that look like for you?
Emily Michalski-Weber: Yeah, so I do have private practice. I also do moonlight, and then I also am starting a new job that will be like a few hours a week, just remotely. So I was thinking about that, like, because with that doximity one, you can actually, like, utilize the scribe while you're on a telehealth session. Is that something that job psych you can do as well?
Adam Harrison: Yep. Works for both, like telehealth or in person. Okay. Yeah. And so you have a few different practices. Is it three different practices, kind of your own solo, another person's organization, and then now a new telehealth one?
Emily Michalski-Weber: Yeah. Yep.
Adam Harrison: Okay. Okay. Do you think the. The organization you work at, would they. Do they have something already that you can use for, like, AI notes?
Emily Michalski-Weber: You know, I'm not sure. I'm just, like, onboarding with them right now, so.
Adam Harrison: Perfect. Perfect. Great. Well, let me share my screen. Can you see this here?
Emily Michalski-Weber: Yeah.
Adam Harrison: Okay, awesome. So I'll go through kind of the basics just for today. Okay. There's a lot more bells and whistles we can get into if you're interested. I'll just show you, like, the very minimal stuff to start because there's, like, a lot in here. So essentially, the way it would work whenever you want to start a new note is you come over here to the record screen. You'll see here a few things on this left hand sidebar. So you would pick you who the patient is that you're seeing, what template you want to use for this note. So if it's an intake, if it's a follow up, we have a bunch of preloaded templates in here. You use Soap Note or. Then these are all of our custom templates, which. This is just a demo account, so we can talk about that later if it's helpful. And then once you're ready to start recording, you basically just hit this button and whether it's telehealth in person, it's going to record your session. You can also do this on your phone. If you do, like in person and you don't use your laptop in front of you, most people tend to do it on their computer, but that's an option as well. And yeah, you basically just let this record in the background. Once you're done, you just press stop and it's going to get added to this section down here that says session, recording and notes. You can also add as many recordings as you would like to a single note. So some people will maybe, maybe you forgot to start the recording for the first 15 minutes. You record the second 15 and then after the session you could go record again. And it could be. You can give a short summary of kind of what was missed. You could say, oh, has a history of xyz. You know, this is kind of what we discussed. And so you can do multiple recordings for a single note. And then also if you take any kind of like, notes yourself just by hand, you can also press this plus button and you can add, you know, copy, paste, whatever, anything you want to include here. So this could also be like, if you have any prior context on that patient you want to include or. Yeah, you'd be able to do that here. And then once you're done, you'll have all those things sort of in this sidebar here. And then you'll just click Generate note and then it's going to create. Create the note for you here. Any questions just on like, how to do the recording. I'm assuming this probably pretty similar to what you've done already.
Emily Michalski-Weber: Yeah, yeah, totally. Just hit the, the go button and go with the notes. Like, does it have to be typed out? Because a lot of times, like, I'll hand write them.
Adam Harrison: Oh, yeah. So you do like some handwritten notes?
Emily Michalski-Weber: Yeah, yeah.
Adam Harrison: Right now it has to be like, typed. We're working on something where you'd be able to just like take a photo of it and put it in here.
Adam Harrison: So you could just take a picture of your written notes. But we don't have that like today to, you know. Um, but it's. Yeah, that'll come like later on.
Emily Michalski-Weber: Okay. And that's mainly for like, my initial intakes, I guess, so.
Adam Harrison: Gotcha. Gotcha.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, makes sense, Makes sense. So, yeah, once. So once you're done with the recording, obviously the next thing is you'll want to look at the note. So you'll go over to documentation notes and, yeah, you can see here, these are all the notes that I have done. This is like an example of. Yeah, I think this is an intake template, actually do psychiatric intake for this. So yeah, you can kind of review the note here. These are all the sections here on the left hand side. I'm actually just regenerating this in a new template. So that'll run in the background for a minute. Let me see if I have a different one that's already ready. This one? Yeah. So this is our standard intake template. So these are all the different sections across the side. All this can be customized, you know, as far as, like, if you, if anything is missing here that you want included. Is this kind of what your intake template would look like? The major sections? I don't know if you can see
Emily Michalski-Weber: it's kind of, I mean, kind of. Yeah, okay. Yeah, roughly. Yeah, it's similar. Yeah.
Adam Harrison: Great. So then you know this is kind of the reviewing stage, right? So once you're in the note you can either make direct edits and kind of like, you know, delete things, add more text. But what we have here is this AI note assistant where you can say, you know, maybe like, maybe you like your HPI to be more like bullet points. You can say like HPI should be bullet points. And it's going to first locate which section to change. So the HPI and then it will rewrite it in the format and then you'll have the option to say, hey, is this a one time change just for this one note or do I actually want every note? Every time I do an hpi, I want it to look like this. I'm going to say no thanks. Because actually I don't think it's too common to have bullets in this section. And I'm going to revert to the original. So you can use this for like content or formatting changes. So for example, maybe there's some key, like maybe you wanted some like social history included in this section that was missing. You know, you could like give any feedback on that. So then you know, once you're all done, you can sign the note to finalize it or you can copy paste it into your ehr. Do you have, do you use a ehr? I guess you probably have a few different systems, right?
Emily Michalski-Weber: Yeah, yeah, definitely. So yeah, I mean that's what I've been doing with the doximity is just copy paste. So yeah. And is this like. So you're just talking, are you having to say when you're talking like patients, like in the middle of the appointment, like patient verbalizes da da da da. Or is it taking the two voices and kind of.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, we do speaker identification so you don't have to like narrate anything.
Adam Harrison: You also one common question is, like, do I have to go in order of, like, section by section? Yeah, doing the interview or the encounter. No, like you can go in any order. We are, the AI knows like where to put different information.
Emily Michalski-Weber: So you could talk about medications.
Adam Harrison: You know, at the end of the session it's still going to put it in this section here at the top.
Emily Michalski-Weber: Yeah. Okay.
Adam Harrison: Okay. So once you're ready to copy, you can either do copy all sections and that'll copy this entire note here. Okay. Or if you just want to pick a few things, like some people are like, hey, I really just actually want the HPI and maybe like the social history, family history, psychiatric history, I'm just going to copy those sections and then I can paste it into my ehr.
Emily Michalski-Weber: Okay.
Adam Harrison: So that is, yeah, essentially how it works. A few other things. All mention, just because you said this isn't quite what your template looks like, we do have a lot of options for like customizing these templates. So first of all, if you have like an example intake note, you can just upload it and we will actually rebuild that template for you within job site and we'll like. If you include the actual content of the note, we'll know what kind of format and content you want. So that's probably the easiest way to get started. If the out of the box templates don't work to you, it's very simple. Just upload a PDF or just paste in the text of one of your notes. So that's one option. Or you can kind of like drag and drop, build your own sections so you can add a section here. We have like a million different things that you could include. Maybe substance use. Right. And then you can like drag and drop and reorder and then save it when, when you're ready. So depending what you. You know, this one was one that was like for add on psychotherapy. I know that's not something you do, but depending on what you, what documentation you need, depending on what kind of encounter it is, what billing you're doing, maybe what insurance you're working with, you know you can have different templates for each of those things.
Emily Michalski-Weber: Sure.
Adam Harrison: Perfect. Great. I know this was just a 15 minute call. I'm happy to keep going into some of our like more advanced features. I did just want to make sure we covered like the basics though.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, we need to jump like we can totally kind of just pause here.
Emily Michalski-Weber: But I'm also. Yeah, no, I'm good. I don't have anything going on. If you're okay.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, I can take another 10 minutes just to walk you through some of the other stuff. And yeah, feel free to also just let me know, like, hey, this is not helpful. Skip it. Or okay, like, I have a question here as I go along. So that's. I'll just keep going through documentation. Now, some other things you can do. So labs is one. So you can actually, like, let's say I've seen. Maybe Jane Doe a number of times. You know, I can create a lab order form for her and it will sort of create the lab order using AI that it thinks is like the most relevant one based on your notes history with that patient. So this will, it's basically just like a PDF that gets created that you can either send to the patient and they can like bring to quest or whatever or you can just like have that PDF that you send directly. So it doesn't send the lab actually out, it just will create the lab document but it does all the like legwork for you. So that's, that's one option. The next one is forms. So we have a huge library of forms that you can like send to your patient from within jot psych. So PHQ9 Gad7 are probably the most popular. You can also similar to how you upload your own template, you can upload your own form.
Adam Harrison: So if you wanted to do like your intake form within JOT Psych, it's very simple to actually like send a form to a patient. You just click send form. They'll either get an email or SMS depending on what you choose. They just fill it out on their phone. They don't have to create an account, they just have to validate their date of birth. And that's how we do authentication. And then you would actually get to see the results of the form within job site. So we do chart for example like the phq9 scores over time within if you went to like the patient tab which I'll show you next.
Adam Harrison: Okay, that's forms. And lastly we have document generator which is our sort of like catch all for any other document that you would need outside of the note. So for example, I don't know if you will often do like a referral letter, a prior off, maybe a work absence letter, you know, whatever, whatever. You need a treatment plan. Right. So I'm just going to do like workplace accommodation as an example and it will look through this patient's kind of notes and then draft the follow up note here for that patient. This one I'm missing a lot of the info. So it just has placeholders, but yeah, I don't know. Are there other kinds of documents you'll frequently create? Whether it be like referral letters, prior auth.
Emily Michalski-Weber: I think that pretty much covers it like oh and the esa. Esa. Sometimes I try not to, but yeah.
Adam Harrison: So this will just be like personalized basically based on that patient and then that's everything on the document. Documentation side. I'm going to show you next kind of the patient side of things. Sure. So what you see here is a kind of the hub for everything about this patient, maybe similar to what you might see in like your ehr. So sometimes people find it health helpful to view before they see the patient. You know, we kind of summarize some of the key things about the last encounter. This one's not a great example. So let me find. John Doe's is probably better. So yeah, so you can see kind of a history. You can see their scores over time on different forms you might have sent out. It'll also fill out dynamically, like their medications and diagnoses. And you can also go to any of their past notes that you may have done for them. So it's just sort of a patient hub where you can see everything in one place. Last thing here across the top is scheduling. So you can use this as your kind of like calendar if you wanted. You probably have your EHR for that, but that is an option as well. But yeah, this is sort of like the core, what I would call the scribe plus, you know, sort of patient capabilities that we have in Jotsy. Any questions on all of all that stuff?
Emily Michalski-Weber: Do you have to add in the patient into the system?
Adam Harrison: No, you don't have to. Some people just want to purely like have just the notes done for them. So for example, like when you were coming to this recording screen, instead of picking a patient, you could just do a note title. So you could do like intake one, you know, and maybe like ah, because those are my initials. And then you're not actually like saving any patient information here. The note, the recording redacts all pii. So by default, so you're not going to have any like patient data at all in JOT psych. And um, so that is like certainly an option if that was what you wanted to do.
Adam Harrison: We also don't store any of the recordings. Those are immediately deleted. And then should you choose to delete any like patient notes, those are permanently deleted. There is no backup, so cuts both ways. It's good from a control and you know, you get to pick what you keep and retain. But if you accidentally delete something, it's. It's really gone. So I just say be a little careful too.
Emily Michalski-Weber: Sure. Okay.
Adam Harrison: I'll go through a couple other things that we have in here as well. A new feature we have is something called JOT audit. This is maybe a little more common in. Group practices. So not sure that it's going to be super relevant here. But essentially the way we have built our notes is for them to be kind of yes, it's built for you and to have the information you need as a clinician to practice, but it's also built with payer logic sort of in mind. So should you get audited, you kind of have the, you have your documentation in order and you're not going to get sort of like you're not exposing yourself to as much risk. So what we can do are things like we can recommend CPT codes based on the session, we can recommend ICD10 codes based on the session. We'll do a check to make sure those things are in alignment. Because a lot of the times if those two things are not in alignment, you're going to get a denial from insurance. You can also upload kind of like custom rules. Here we have a lot of out of the box default rules of things that you should cover in the session. Like for example, at the beginning of telehealth you always have to confirm the patient's location. Right. And if you don't do that, that exposes you to a compliance risk. But you can upload all kinds of like custom rules for yourself and if you have them and we will basically give your note a score so you can track and say like, okay, are my notes really compliant? Should I get audited by, you know, an insurer? And are the claims that I'm going to be generating from this note things that are going to be, you know, denied or things that, you know, are going to stand up to payers? So this is probably something we would come back to later if it was interesting. But I'll just flag it for now as like this is kind of a newer feature. Yeah, we also. Yeah. Similarly for group practices we have something called JOC coach. So it essentially is sort of the next step of job audit where we're kind of coaching clinicians. If we're finding that they're out of compliance on certain things, we can help to sort of give them helpful nudges of like hey, you know, next session remember to, you know, ask about XYZ again. Probably not something you're gonna worry about right now. And then we do have billing built in as well. So if you wanted to like request a payment from a patient, you would just pick the patient name, you know, maybe do the amount and then you, it'll get the whole payment. As long as you have their phone number in here. We can process payments for you. Deposit it directly in your bank account as well.
Adam Harrison: Okay, so that is really everything in a nutshell. Any questions on anything here?
Emily Michalski-Weber: Um, so if I were to, like, I'm just thinking about, like, money wise, I guess, if I were to. Is a clinic subscription, like, better than a single subscription? And would they be able to see, like, what I'm charting, and would I be able to see, like, what they're doing, or is that separate?
Adam Harrison: So we have options for. You can sign up as an individual and you can kind of just do an individual subscription. Yeah. So the price right now for that is 150 per month, and you get kind of everything. Well, not everything, because we're. We're actually kind of redoing our pricing now. So some of this will. Will change. So you can do it either as an individual and just pay month to month as you go, cancel any time, or, you know, if you do think your clinic would. Would want something like this. And yeah, we also have a lot of folks who say, like, hey, you know, I'm using job psych, but it probably makes sense for just our whole practice to use it, and then the practice will oftentimes pay for it. And it's sort of a benefit to clinicians that. That use it. And practices tend to like it for some of these, like, auditing, you know, things that I shared with you. That tends to be, like, pretty popular with clinicians. So both are options. You know, there's kind of different pricing schedules for each, depending on the number of clinicians, the different, like, features you want included. But yeah, I would say either is certainly, like, an option. Is there, like, one way you're, like, leaning on that one way or another?
Emily Michalski-Weber: I mean, I think I'd probably do it as just me for. To begin with, but I do work with two therapists.
Adam Harrison: Gotcha.
Adam Harrison: So, yeah, so we could also set this. Are they, like, your employees or are they just, like, partners or people you refer out to?
Emily Michalski-Weber: Yeah, no, they're just like, partners. Just like. Yeah, we all kind of. We're in the same building.
Adam Harrison: And yes, you can also set up, like, an organization if you wanted to. So you would be able to kind of have like, the master view over everything, or people could see, you know, click into each other's, you know, notes and sort of collaborate on patients and stuff like that. So that's certainly, like, an option as well if you wanted to, like, set it up as an organization. But if you wanted to start solo, that's totally fine. Like, that's of the normal path for most people.
Emily Michalski-Weber: Cool. All right, well. Cool. Well, I'll give this a shot in the next week or so.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, give it a try. If you do have any questions that come up, we have a lot of help things in here. You can either schedule more time with me like you did. Or we have a bunch of, like, articles. You can book another, like, session through here. We have a bunch of video tutorials that go over everything I did. If you click on this. Okay. And like, you know, sometimes we have this chat bot that and, like, help center that. You know, if you have any common questions and you just don't want to talk to someone, you just sort of like, I can figure this out. I just need, like, a little bit of a guide. You can, you can check that out.
Emily Michalski-Weber: Okay, perfect.
Adam Harrison: All right, well, thanks so much, Emily.
Adam Harrison: I appreciate you kind of going through this with me, and I am hopeful this is helpful for you.
Emily Michalski-Weber: Yeah, perfect. Thank you. I appreciate it.
Adam Harrison: All right, thanks. Take care. Have a nice weekend.
Emily Michalski-Weber: You too.
Adam Harrison: Bye.