Alison Jessup: My phone. It's perfectly fine.
Christopher Hume: Perfect. I'm coming through and sorry, I'm getting a little bit of. Oh, it went away. I was hearing myself in my ears. But all good now.
Alison Jessup: I hate that. That feedback sound.
Christopher Hume: It's the worst. I know. I can't. I can't stand listening to myself. So Allison would love to just. Well, I know you spoke with Jack and he probably told you kind of what this call's about. Jot bill and just kind of us sharing with people our new offering typically start. I would love to just hear a little bit more about kind of your practice. What inspired you to accept the meeting. I can make sure that we sort of craft this in a way that kind of hits what you're looking for.
Alison Jessup: Okay, so I. Excuse me. I am a family nurse practitioner and a psych np.
Christopher Hume: Okay.
Alison Jessup: I do three things. I do talks, believe it or not. So I inject neurotoxins, which I do not need anything related to you for. I have a very, very successful and busy weight loss business where I provide GLP1 medication to people through compounding pharmacies. And then I'm also a psych NP and I have a psychiatric practice. And the electronic health record that I use is not by choice.
Alison Jessup: That's the one that the biller sort of pushed me towards. I have a biller that I pay 7% and she. They do all my billing and I think credentialing too. They're okay. They're local. Pretty. Pretty good sized company that they've built over the years called ABS billing or ABC ABS billing. They also. I pay them an additional 3% to take to field my psych phone calls because that just became too much. Oh my gosh. Okay. And then I. I use heyberries which I've been super with. They sell it to me for the price I might have one of their users.
Alison Jessup: They seem to be evolving Albe they interface with my health record. The one that does inter. But I've used it is horrible. And that's really all I got for you. So I have no idea. I just know your guy kind of keeps hitting me up and he sort of let me use. But yeah, honest with him. I just haven't had time. I barely can kind of scale the weight business so I don't have to be the one that does it. But it's not.
Christopher Hume: Yeah.
Alison Jessup: Which has limited my ability, Christopher to be able to focus on like other.
Christopher Hume: Oh, I think. Okay. Something I'm always impressed about is I feel like everyone I speak to in this field has more than one job. No one just has their one. Everyone has multiple businesses or multiple jobs. You all stay so, so, so busy.
Alison Jessup: That's nurses in general just have. But some weird disease, can't sit still.
Christopher Hume: No, it's great. It's great. So I guess Allison, then, like, I know Jack is super persuasive, and maybe that's why you ended up on this call, but is there any pain point or any particular reason that you'd be. You'd be interested in learning more about our biller? Is there something that kind of you wish your biller did or a friction that you're facing? I can see if we can help that.
Alison Jessup: Yeah. I mean, like, I have zero idea of what's coming in, what's going out, what money I'm making. Like, I suppose on some level, it's transparent, but it's really hard to track. Like, I think they use this thing called pay span, and that's where, like, the money comes in. But to match it up with, like, the actual visits is really challenging. So it's really. There's, like, a lot of trust in them. Now, mind you, I work with. We're all independent, but there's eight other psych NPS, and I want to say they're making, like, 40 to $50,000 a month off of all of us, minimum.
Christopher Hume: Wow.
Alison Jessup: We all use them as our biller.
Christopher Hume: Yeah.
Alison Jessup: We have one psych NP that makes, like, 600 that she literally, like, is, like, a workhorse and works, like, seven days a week and sees, like, patients. 20, 20 patients a day. So they're doing well based on all of us. We all work under Beacon Behavioral Health, but we all have our own businesses. We just pay rent to share space. Beacon created such a reputation that where I am in Massachusetts, if an inquiry comes in, it will go through Beacon, and then it gets farmed out to whichever psychia is on board. So we all have the same complaint. You know, one of the psych NPS was like, I don't know. I. I did. I've seen this many patients. I've done this amount of business, but I've only collected this amount of money, so that's been frustrating. We do have a TMS machine, so there's, like, that. I know there's been some billing issues with the TMS machine, so that's kind of. So that would be my. My biggest challenge. I literally just trust that they're doing their job, and I have no way to. Do you have access?
Christopher Hume: Access to the claims and, like, like, all of that? Like, could you pull that data if you. I mean, I know you probably don't have time, but could you if you wanted to go through all the claims and see what's been submitted to who?
Alison Jessup: I could, but I don't have, like, the ability. I can't even really understand it. It's like, I looked it up last night. It's like, even in my tebra. Like, if I pull up a patient. Let me just.
Christopher Hume: See here?
Alison Jessup: What did I see? So I saw patients on this day. If I go into, like, their account, I really don't even understand it. It says, like, charge, outpatient transfer, psychotherapy network, Tufts, like, like a million different dates. It's like the amount, the patient balance, the insurance balance. Like, it's so confusing.
Christopher Hume: Yeah.
Alison Jessup: And then if I cross reference that with pay span, like, I'd be here for the next 300 years.
Christopher Hume: Yeah. And it's with having three businesses. Kind of hard to spend the time to go through all of that.
Alison Jessup: Yeah. My weight loss is cash, as is the Botox.
Christopher Hume: Okay.
Alison Jessup: So that's totally separate. That's all cash payers. Yeah.
Christopher Hume: Well, I'll just kind of show you what we do with clinics. That kind of face that. I do have a really important question first of where in Massachusetts are you based?
Alison Jessup: On Cape Cod.
Christopher Hume: Oh, that is wonderful. My. My. My sister lives in the. In the North End in Boston.
Alison Jessup: Oh, cool. Originally from that area. Yeah.
Christopher Hume: Okay. Yeah, she went to school in Worcester, and so I'm up there a bit.
Alison Jessup: Where are you?
Christopher Hume: I'm in D.C. but I'm originally from Connecticut.
Alison Jessup: Cool.
Christopher Hume: So it sounds like kind of the. The big thing here, Allison, is you seem to have a really strong process and tech stack, and it seems like everything is working pretty well. You just can't check. And so what we've done with some. Some clinics is just as, like an opportunity for them to kind of do an analysis of what is going on with their. Their billing and their. Their reimbursements, how they're interacting with payers. We do that analysis for you. So we go into your ehr, we see what sessions you've had, we see all the information, and that's why I was asking about the claims. We see what you've already submitted to insurers or payers, and then kind of from that data, we do a deep dive and just see what we can find. Like, hey, this payer has been down coding you. This payer is taking more than 30 days to pay. Seems like this code isn't being used enough, and some of our customers have found it really helpful. And it, you know, one, either you're like, hey, yep, sounds good. I don't need you guys. Like, my current people are crushing it. Two, maybe it just gives you some feedback that you can share with your current payers or, excuse me, your current doors. Like, hey, like, I did this analysis. It looks like I'm getting down. Coded a lot. Can you explain why? Or three, if there's something really serious and we can have a conversation on if there's a way we can help with that.
Christopher Hume: We like to, you know, the smallest surface area first. The smallest way we can help out would just be doing this analysis. Is that something that would be of interest, Allison?
Alison Jessup: 100%. Yeah.
Christopher Hume: Okay. What we can do is. I know it's Friday afternoon. I know you have three businesses to run, and I want to be respectful. Of your time here. So what we can do is if we can find a time that works next week, I can set you up with our analytics team. What they would do is kind of. You would give them access. Well, we signed a ba, of course. And then you'd give them access to the EHR information and your claim information. And then they could give you a timeline on like, hey, we're going to have the analysis done by Thursday. We'll send it over email and we can walk through at your convenience.
Alison Jessup: Now, is that something the biller needs to get involved with or.
Christopher Hume: No, as long as you can share the data. We don't need. We wouldn't need to chat with the bill or anything like that. As long as you have the claims info.
Alison Jessup: Okay, sounds great.
Christopher Hume: Perfect. So then let me just see what time we've got next week. And I'm not known for ending meetings early, but I think we might be able to get you out of this meeting early, Allison.
Alison Jessup: Okay, no worries.
Christopher Hume: So what is there a time maybe. Let me just see our analytics team.
Alison Jessup: Let me look at my schedule. Tomorrow, next week. Hold on one second. What does next week hold? So Tuesdays and Wednesdays are generally not good for me because I'm seeing psych patients. Those are my two psych days. Mondays and Thursdays are typically better. Thursday, Thursday I and Thursday, Friday are usually good. Monday, Thursday, Friday I can usually figure stuff out.
Christopher Hume: Okay. And let me just pull up my colleague's calendar. I'll find a time that works here. So Thursdays are typically good for you. Let me just see who's on would take. Sorry, I've got so many calendars up. Would maybe sometime after starting three work next Thursday.
Alison Jessup: I get you for that.
Christopher Hume: Yeah, perfect. And let me do 3 to 3:30. Oops. And then before this meeting, Allison, I'll make sure to send you a detailed roll up of the information we'll need access to.
Christopher Hume: So if you need to like. Oh, shoot, I don't have that. Like, we do need to talk to the billers. I don't want to like end up on the meeting. Waste your time finally to have another meeting.
Christopher Hume: So I'll get you a roll up.
Alison Jessup: Okay, perfect.
Christopher Hume: Bill analysis kickoff. This is going to be Alison.
Alison Jessup: How do you guys get paid? What percentage do you take? Do you know that answer?
Christopher Hume: So if we. When we do billing, it's. I can actually pull that up for you. It's 4 to 8% depending on the kind of what plan you go with. Okay. The analysis is just a flat fee of $300.
Alison Jessup: Okay.
Christopher Hume: Allison, I'm sorry. Could you share your email? It's Allison.
Alison Jessup: You can use Cape Weight and Wellness.
Alison Jessup: And is it.
Christopher Hume: Oh, that makes sense that you're out on Cape Cod.
Alison Jessup: Yeah.
Alison Jessup: Keep weight and wellness. Gmail.com. and it's spelled just the way it sounds.
Alison Jessup: Weight, A, N D, Wellness.
Christopher Hume: And where. Where on the Cape are you?
Alison Jessup: I'm in West Falmouth, but I grew up in the South Shore and then Winchester, which is a teeny bit north of the North End.
Christopher Hume: Okay.
Alison Jessup: I'm Italian, so I spent a lot of time in the North End.
Christopher Hume: Yeah, we used to go there all the time growing up. My parents loved going up to Boston. North End. They had a. This hotel had a first responders discount, so we're there all the time.
Alison Jessup: Oh, cool.
Christopher Hume: That's awesome. I was in Falmouth a few months ago in September.
Alison Jessup: You were?
Christopher Hume: Yeah. Yeah, we went to the Cape for a little family trip, so it was fun.
Alison Jessup: I hope the weather was warmer than it is now.
Christopher Hume: We were able to go. There's like a pond. We were able to go in the pond a little bit. It's slightly warmer than it is now, though.
Alison Jessup: Yeah, it's freezing here now with tons of snow.
Christopher Hume: Yeah, it's like that in D.C. too. And unlike the Northeast, the Mid Atlantic is not cut out for that.
Alison Jessup: So it's been.
Christopher Hume: No, not at all. Not. Not the same Hardy stock. The last thing. Allison. So I just sent you that invite for next Thursday. Do you have any questions before then? Anything I can help you with?
Alison Jessup: No, I appreciate your time. Thanks so much for letting me know what the deal is. I appreciate it.
Christopher Hume: No, thanks for jumping on, and I'm looking forward to next week.
Alison Jessup: Awesome. Have a great day.
Christopher Hume: Thanks. You too. Bye.