Nathan Peereboom: No, that sounds great. I would love to be on retainer somewhere.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): It's nice, I'll tell you that much.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. No. Well, that's a joke for another time. Megan, it's so nice to meet you. Brittany has spoken so highly of you. I know that. I know a little bit about your TMS and ketamine clinic, but I don't know everything. And so I thought we could use this time just to get to know each other a little bit. I guess I'll just start out by saying, my name is Nate. I'm the CEO and co founder of Jot Psych, which is an AI scribe.
Nathan Peereboom: That focuses on helping behavioral health clinics get paid for the good work they do. That's all we do. That's all we focus on. We partner with Tidemark because we want to create a documentation world and a billing world that are fully integrated. This is a zero pressure column. We want to show you what we are building. We want to learn about you. If it's not your cup of tea, honestly, that's great for us to hear. It's nice to know. So we're going to just be trying to get to know each other here and. You just tell us what you want at the end of the call, and we can go from there. But that's all this is, okay?
megan.holland: Okay. Yeah, absolutely. Yeah. Brittany has talked about what you guys are working on. It sounds really cool. She mentioned to me for the first time several months ago, so definitely excited to see what you're working on. And if it could be something that we could use in the future. So a little bit about us. I founded Vigil Wellness in 2022 as a solo provider doing ketamine infusions. For mental health and chronic pain. Brought on a business partner, another crna, about a year into it, guiding Travis. We opened a second location shortly after that. And then about a year and a half into that, We got a bunch of really nasty regulation changes in Texas.
megan.holland: That ketamine away from us? Pretty much. They wanted a position to be on site. Our physician at the time was an anesthesiologist who didn't bring anything to the practice other than signing notes for us. So we kind of did a pivot, a 180. We ended up partnering with the psychiatrist, Dr. Schneider. Last year, we hired a whole bunch of new people, started a whole bunch of new service lines. So now we have Dr. Schneider sees patients part time. We've got two full time mental health nurse practitioners seeing patients for med management. We do bravado. We do tms. We still do ketamine. Carrie just logged. On. You just saw her behind me. That's the practice manager.
Nathan Peereboom: Hey, Carrie.
megan.holland: And then what else? Dr. Snyder is joining us full time by the end of the year. Hopefully. He's in the process of buying in and he's going to be going full time private practice, coming from the local county hospital where he's been for the last 15 years. As a lead psychiatrist there, so we're super excited about that. We also have a therapist at our Fort Worth office. Cameron is a contractor. He does not work with insurance, but he does specialize therapy for like ketamine assisted psychotherapy. And our hope in the future as more psychedelic type treatments become available in Texas, we want to integrate those into the practice as well. And we're looking at possibly a third location later this year, looking in the Denton area up closer to Brittany. And maybe further out west the year after that. I don't know. We're just kind of taking it one quarter at a time.
Nathan Peereboom: Oh, my gosh. That's awesome. Well, I feel like living sort of the dream and the nightmare of scaling a practice. There's a lot of huge wins, there's. A lot of challenging roadblocks. You mentioned that there have been some hiccups with regulation and in particular with the way that you guys get paid or overseen. How are you feeling about this new signa change? Because Brittany was telling us that cygnus removing prior auth. We know that the kind of game there is that they then increase scrutiny. Of the notes themselves to provide a more subjective environment for them to deny. Yeah. How is that sitting with you? Are you nervous about it? You feel like you guys are in a good spot? Where's your head out there?
megan.holland: Yeah, I'm also nervous about it. Like, just making sure our processes are in place so that documentation is up to par. And we're getting paid for those treatments like we should be. We've had more and more instances, it feels like, over the last six months or so of certain payers not requiring authorization for tms. And some of those have gone very smoothly with no problems, and others have been a total nightmare. So I don't know. I guess. We'll see.
Nathan Peereboom: We'll see. Okay? How do you currently do notes? And I know that you have a few different modalities. You have a fairly broad set of modalities that you serve. So you can. I mean, I talk with a lot of folks in this field, so I kind of know a little bit of the complexity of it. But tell me about how you do documentation right now.
megan.holland: Yeah. So I don't know if Brittany told you, we're in Athena health right now. And so it's very comprehensive, but also a lot of work on the front end because we had to build out all of our templates and order sets and everything. So we have a template for each service line where the providers or the mas or whoever is, you know, servicing the patient that day can plug in what they need. So, like on a TMS note, for example, you know, it has what day, what number, treatment they're on, their phq9 score, their latest phq9 score, what day that was taken. It's got their protocol that they're doing. So if they're doing like a theta burst protocol, it has those numbers on there. If they're doing regular protocol, that's on there. The start and stop time of the session are on there. And then it's got all the brain sway. We use brains by devices, but all of their questionnaires, did the patient have any changes in their sleep habits or they have any medication changes? Was there any discomfort during the session? If so, how was that addressed? Any side effects afterwards, headache, that kind of thing. And then the date of their next treatment is on there as well. We've just recently, in the last couple of months, started doing some modified accelerated protocols where we do two a day instead of one. And so for those instances, it has to start and stop. Time of each session so that we can show it's two separate sessions. We haven't had any issues really getting paid on those yet.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah.
megan.holland: So that's been nice for Bravado. Very similar. It has the route, the dosage, which phase of treatment they're in. You know, if they tolerated the last treatment. Okay. If not, what were the problems? How are those problems addressed?
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Separate times for the ENM visit versus the observation times because it pairs or scrutinizing over that. Now.
megan.holland: Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: Got it. Okay. Yeah, that makes sense.
megan.holland: Yeah. And then ketamine self pay, so that one's. I mean, it's still pretty inclusive, but we're not as concerned about that one, obviously.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. Can I ask about the self pay? Because Brittany was telling me that you have a special contract with Athena where you don't pay credit card fees even though Athena and standard charges 4 to 8%. How did you. How did you get them to agree to that?
megan.holland: It was just in the package that we went over. I didn't know that there was other packages that didn't have that included.
megan.holland: That was a big motivating factor for us to go with Athena, because at the time when we moved over to Athena, we had not. We were getting into insurance. We had made our hirings we needed. We were working on contracts and credentialing, but we had not actually started seeing patients yet for insurance, so we were still 100% self pay. And so just going into that. I mean, before we moved to Athena, I want to say our credit card. Excuse me, processing fees was between 2,400 and 3,000amonth. So that kind of helped us swallow that big ticket price of Athena was because, well, they're absorbing those processing fees that we were already paying each month. So it wasn't as big of a jump as I think it would have felt like otherwise. If they had not had that feature, we wouldn't have been able to afford to see them.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Yeah, I think on the back end, what they're doing with that is they. They go through US bank, and there's a third party that. They go through that, like when we were switching to elevon. Megan, just so you're aware, they. They specifically went with another company. That we had to sign up with. And I think they're like, somehow have a relationship with that third party vendor to. To waive those credit card fees.
megan.holland: Yeah. So we have any of our time of service money that goes through, which would obviously be all the self paid patients. And then most of our efts. Not all of them. Most of them go through. Like she said, this holding U.S. bank. So there's like, an extra step between Athena and it hitting our. There's, like, a day delay because I have to go in and, like, approve the batch to come out of US bank. Into our bank.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay? Gotcha. Okay, cool. That makes sense. Super, super clear. Do you mind me asking? You mentioned a big ticket price for Athena. Do you? I mean, you don't have to share this, but I'm curious. Like, what are they charging you?
megan.holland: So we pay. I just found this out recently. I didn't know that they have two different models. One is a flat rate fee per visit and the other is I guess like a percentage based model. And we have the flat fee per visit, and it's just over $10 per visit, and that includes everything that. So that's like our price out the door. And we also, I don't know if Brittany mentioned, I just found out recently I was trying to get rid of two features that we have that do not work for behavioral health.
megan.holland: One of them is the enhanced claim resolution, which Athena hypothetically will work like your denials and things for you on the back end to keep you from having to mess with them. But the reality is they do not understand behavioral health and the way that things get paid. And so it doesn't really help us. In fact, if anything, it hinders us because they're doing things wrong that we now have to go back and fix. And then the other thing that we pay for that we really don't get any use out of is the authorization management. For the same reason like we're supposed to be able to, like, Dr. Schneider should be able to put it in order for tms. And then, hypothetically, Athena should do the auth for us. But the reality is they don't do it correctly. They do all the medical side instead of behavioral health side. And so nine times out of 10, they get told on the phone that authorization is not required when it actually is because they called the wrong department. So we tried to let Athena to handle that stuff for, like, one month, and it was a disaster.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Yeah. And the other big issue that we have is the global billing rules, because Athena says we have to use a specific code, which is for Medicare lines of business only. And. But they're applying it to commercial payers, and if we don't catch it before they do, they. Push it through, and so it's like a race.
megan.holland: And they've even told me, like, the people that I've done, like, the coaching calls and with and they tell me, like, look at Behavioral health is not our, you know, specialty. Like, we're trying to get better at dealing with behavioral health clients because I think they're getting more of us. But the reality is they're really more medical side, which definitely shows.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, okay. When it comes to actually, like, creating documentation, because I know Brittany's taking really good care of you on the. On the billing side. I'm curious about, like, your flow, what's working and what's not. When it comes to actually just, like, you know, getting those notes signed and feeling good that after Brittany bills for you if there's an audit or something like that, your documentation is really protecting you as well.
megan.holland: Getting them signed by the provider.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, sort of like we think about there being a few elements. One, how fast they get signed to how high quality you feel the notes are. And then three. You know how much time they're taking for your clinic to actually just do, like, how much admin work is your clinic doing?
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): And Megan, before you answer that question, I'm going to tell you part of the reason why I got put on retainer with this other clinic in California is because the payers were accusing of them a lot of things, but in one of the their accusations they termed their whole entire contract and they served 25 to 30% of the Medicaid population in LA and they just termed their contract with a two day notice saying that they were committing fraud solely because with their Medicare and their Medicaid lines of business. The signature stamps for the supervisors. Weren't within two days of the date of service.
megan.holland: Like on their own notes. They weren't signing their own notes.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): The supervisors weren't co signing off on the signatures, and so they weren't. The the rendering providers were like the associates or the NPs in training or the psychiatrist and training. They were signing off in a timely fashion, but the supervisor wasn't signing off, they would. They would take like a week to a week and a half to sign.
megan.holland: Good grief.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Yeah.
megan.holland: Jesus.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): They had to file a temporary restraining order against the Payers in court and they just wanted this warning.
megan.holland: That is crazy.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Yeah.
megan.holland: Yeah.
megan.holland: I mean, as far as, like, the rendering providers signing those, I mean, that's not an issue at all. They're signing a day. Of nine times out of 10, things are getting signed and pushed out the same day. Yeah. Dr. Schneider's might be a little delayed, but it's not that delayed.
megan.holland: I mean, he's with us once a week. And he. Even the days that he's not here, like, he's still pushing, like, controlled, you know, Schedule 2 controlled substances have to be signed off by him. So he signs in and sends those off. On a scheduled basis. And I think same thing for notes, although I don't know, maybe the laws are different in California and Texas.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): It's the Medicare and the Medicaid lines of business. And what they were doing is it. It didn't matter because the Special Investigations Unit that was looking at everything, they weren't trained. In behavioral health and they weren't trained in the specific laws for those providers, so they went ahead and terminated them. That's how they won. Their TRO is because they said, hey, you didn't look at the the we don't even have to co sign off on every single note in order to indicate this. You know, this isn't fraud. This is how you do proper incident tubing. And the SIU investigator was not forthcoming in what they found. They said that they had called 12 providers. I mean, 12 patients who all said, yeah, I didn't see them a year and a half ago for 30 minutes, like. They could remember that. Yeah. And when you're talking about chronically ill people with schizophrenia, you know, for. For context. And so they. They had called 12 people, but didn't release the names of who those people were. And these people had over 50,000 visits in the time span, so that's awful.
Nathan Peereboom: Megan. What about, like, chart reviews? Did you chart reviews with your team?
megan.holland: Yes.
Nathan Peereboom: How do you do chart reviews right now?
megan.holland: So. Excuse me. A lot of my just go in and audit on my own, but there is like an Insights dashboard in Athena. That you can look at, like, each provider and see, like, how quickly are they sending their charges in, how quickly are they signing their notes? Are they using, like, we have encounter plans that we've built out in there for them to use for certain things. So making sure they're using the encounter plans or using the order sets they're supposed to be using, that kind of thing. And then also, any of the TMS ones I look at, I always look at their charts to make sure that the correct patients are getting sent off for authorization. Because I don't want my MAS wasting time on somebody who won't qualify in. The first place. And then just kind of random chart audits. Just kind of looking at documentation, looking at things and making sure. Everything's getting taken care of the way it's supposed to be.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, that makes sense. So maybe this is a good moment for me to just tell you a little bit about why Britney has chosen to partner with us. And it actually is right at this intersection, this moment, where you're looking at your own charts. It sounds like you get your charts in fast, they get signed.
Nathan Peereboom: But what we know is that pair scrutiny. Is going to really be increasing this year. And we also know that you, Megan, are doing a ton of things. I mean, you're building a new location, you're dealing with patient care like you know exactly everything on your plate. And so my guess, though I could be wrong, but my guess is that as you scale. The amount of in depth chart review is going to basically decline as a percentage of exposure that you actually have.
megan.holland: Yes, it already is.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, totally.
megan.holland: We hear that all the time.
Nathan Peereboom: So what we've done is we've created an AI scribe that does that chart review for you at scale.
Nathan Peereboom: And what I want to do is just give you a glimpse of it. If you are interested in, like, learning more, we can set you guys up with, like, a pilot program or something like that. So you can see it in action. But the. The goal here, the place where jobs, like, really fits in. Is as you're scaling, it says, hey, Megan. You can actually have your cake and eat it too. You can do in depth chart reviews that actually look at the content as well as the binary. Yes. No, for the things you're describing. And you also have all the support of Brittany and the Tidemark team when it comes to taking those really high quality charts and just continuing with the billing system that's currently working for you. So I'm going to share my screen. And before I do, have you ever used an AI scribe?
megan.holland: I don't, but one of our providers does.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay? I guess, before I go into this, what has prevented you from using an AI Scribe? Because I'm sure you know about them existing and all that.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Yeah, I.
megan.holland: I mean, I just don't provide patient care anymore, so.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Yeah, she works at a hospital as a crna, so, like. Yeah, okay.
Nathan Peereboom: Gotcha. Gotcha.
megan.holland: That's super helpful. I was seeing patients at the clinic. Absolutely. Probably would have eventually gotten one.
Nathan Peereboom: I mean, they are amazing. So, you know, what we hear is that they save clinicians one and a half to two hours a week per day of work. On the administrative side. Patients love them because they create more patient clinician alliance. But the most important thing is that they protect you. In a situation where your charts are being audited, they protect you. So here's how they work. You mentioned all these templates in Athena. We can just copy in those templates. We can upload them as PDFs. We can have engineers configure them if that's. If they need that. Each template. Is just a series of sections that you customize for content, format and styling. At the beginning of every encounter, you can, you know, Click start recording. Select a patient, see what happened last time, record the whole visit. And the critical thing is that when it comes to actually reviewing the visit, we audit the note again for every single note. So we'll show you, like, what we think your CPT codes are. And so you and the Tidemark team can figure out that calibration and then before you even submit it to Tidemark, you can fix what we know is missing in order for you to correctly bill for this code. Now, I know that this you mostly do ketamine and TMS, so these non N213s might not be your speed, but they do med management, too. Okay. Exactly. So, you know, whatever. Whatever your rules are, we can simply upload them. And what you can see. And this is where your chart review comes in. Is you can audit every single encounter that you want by specific rules. And those rules can be specific to the CPT code or the procedure. They can be specific to the clinician, they can be specific to the state, they can be specific to the payer, they're completely flexible. So you can go in and, you know, edit exactly what the rule is. You can see compliance changing over time. And then you can view where folks are sitting in violation. So obviously this is for show. These are all fake patients, fake providers. But what's great is that for every chart, you can see what's going well and what's not well. The whole game here, the whole game is essentially to help you understand and scale a really, really high attention to detail with your practice and to help you stay protected as Cigna, among many others, are starting to leverage the exact same tools to look at your notes. Because we, you know, this is our technology, but, you know, there are companies very similar to ours that have decided that they're going to be mercenaries to the insurance companies. And I don't mean that in a pejorative way. I just mean insurance companies make their money by denying your claims. And so what we have decided is, like, we want to create technology that protects you. That allows you to practice clinical care and to not have an increasingly high administrative burden even as you're expanding that clinical care.
Nathan Peereboom: So let me pause there. Brittany, you kind of know what we do as well. Am I forgetting anything? Is there anything you want me to touch on right now?
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Just showing them too. Like some of the customized stuff that you can give patients as well as even briefly what you're doing with the EHR as well would be helpful.
megan.holland: Sure.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay. So let's just pop back in here. So your documentation burden is not constrained to just the note. You know that? You're writing letters, you're writing references, you're writing treatment plans. On every note. You can create arbitrary documentation along with it. So let's say write an fmla letter. For chris. So what it's going to do is it's going to take the entire patient record and it's going to craft a defensible document of this type. Based on that record and you can edit it, you can save it as a template, you can share it, whatever you want.
Nathan Peereboom: You can also do this with patient follow up. So if I just saw Chris and I wanted to send him a quick, friendly reminder, it's based on the encounter. I can do labs, I can send forms. I can charge a credit card directly through here. And we also do free processing for ACH payments or EFT payments, the thing you described. So the point is that at every level, you can even do eprescription through here. So if you wanted to do eprescription, it's available to you. So the goal, just to zoom out? Is. We're not medical. We are behavioral health specific. We serve psychiatrists. Addiction medicine, psychiatric nurse practitioners. Ketamine clinics, psychedelic clinics, TMS therapists and social workers. There's basically no one we serve outside of that bucket. And that's why we're working with Tidemark. Tidemark is also behavioral health specific. And what we found, and we think we're right about this, is that the people who are fully focused on behavioral health. Get it? They understand this ecosystem, and actually they can provide you better tooling and better service as a result of that. So we only do behavioral health. We provide everything you would need to run a clinic, and we have a highly realistic view of the adversarial nature between payers and clinics. So we've crafted the entire system to get out of the way of clinicians who we believe should just practice clinical care as they know and do well and what we want to be is essentially the shield between you and the payer. And that's why we work with Tidemark. I think it's, like, the most exciting time in the world for this kind of thing. I'm jazzed about it. I'm kind of a weird guy and that I actually just. Like I dream it. I take showers and I think about CPT codes and what's happening and what United is doing. I feel like this is the most interesting space in the entire world, which is why I work here and why I started this company. But yeah, that's kind of the introduction to us. As I said, the typical. Our strategy.
Nathan Peereboom: As a company, the way that we grow is simply by letting people use the software for free. Because we believe in this software so much that we're like, hey, if people just try it, they fall in love. And we can work everything out afterwards. But we offer pilot programs and I'm happy to walk you through those. The two week program is free. And then if you want to do a longer pilot program, what we like to do is actually come visit you in person. We're pretty white glove company. We're not a big software company. We didn't raise a gazillion dollars. We like to actually go visit our clinics and make sure that the software is pretty customized for them. And for that, we charge, like, $500 just so we don't get stranded out in the middle of Iowa. But you can choose between those things, and we're super happy with whichever one you choose.
megan.holland: So this is something that would be all inclusive, basically, take the place of Athena Health.
Nathan Peereboom: Well, you don't have to do that, Megan. I mean, changing your EHR is a big decision we have. I mean, we've scribed for over 2.3 million encounters at this point. A large portion of those customers do use this as their ehr, but we know, love and serve many, many, many people. Who just use us as, like, the best AI scribe in the entire world.
Nathan Peereboom: So our guidance is like, just take baby steps. You can try this without changing your whole system. You can get a really good feel for what we're like as a company, how we deal with our customers, how we serve you, the integrity of the product, the quality of the product, and then if at the end of that, you're like, well, I really like this jot psych thing. I wish you could do everything it can so you can make that decision down the road. You don't have to make it now.
megan.holland: I know you talked about putting prescriptions in. Is there, like, patient communication? Is there a scheduling feature in it?
megan.holland: Yeah, analytics, like all that kind of stuff.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, so scheduling, it's just a normal calendar, and it has, like, a bunch of the group sophistication, because we obviously work with groups where they need to see multiple calendars. When you build an encounter, you can select reminders, you can send forms. All that gets synthesized back into the patient record. So depending on your patient communications, you could use jobs, like exclusively for them. We don't right now have a patient portal. So you might still have to work with Spruce or something like that. But if that's something that's a requirement for you, it's something that we are going to likely build in the next one to two months. So it's coming. It's just not here yet. And then to answer your question around. I'm so sorry. What was the second part of your question? You asked about scheduling communication.
megan.holland: The scheduling analytics. Like, can you go in analytics?
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. So analytics right now are bespoke? So we're an AI company. What we do for analytics is we take all of your payer documents and we actually run through all the notes and all of your data in light of those pair documents. So we synthesize in like fee schedules, requirements in those documents. Right now we do that on a bespoke recurring basis for clinics. It's coming out as a self serve feature in April. So if that's important, you have self serve, you just have to wait until April. But right now, people love one of my favorite visualizations. And Brittany, I know you probably see this on your side, but we do this really cool visualization where we'll show you every CPT code you build for or H code or whatever you're billing for, code wise, and then we'll show you each pair. And it's a matrix. It's a color matrix. So you can see exactly who's reimbursing you, like the difference in reverse, certain rates. And you can see the difference in grocery reimbursement. And your expected value of any visit is a compound of what is typically reimbursed multiplied by the chance that it gets reimbursed. So we can show you both things and you can be strategic about either going and we can do this for you, or Brittany can do it, but going to a payer and saying, hey, look, you're out of step with the market here. You need to bring up my reimbursement rate. And you can also think about your patient population mix on that basis, too. So you can do whatever you want with the information. But most people, if I were to ask you, what is the difference? At a CPT and payer rate between each individual contract and payer and procedure. Most people can't tell you because they don't know. It's kind of a tough analytical problem. And that's the exact kind of thing that we bring to bear when it comes to the notes and the billing. And all that jazz.
megan.holland: Okay? Cool.
Nathan Peereboom: Awesome.
megan.holland: Well.
Nathan Peereboom: Go on, brittany.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Sorry about that. I was calling my dogs in. They were barking at the neighbors.
Nathan Peereboom: Brittany. Is that what you call me now? I'm just a dog barking at the neighbors.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Yep, that's my affectionate term for you.
Nathan Peereboom: All right. Well, Megan, what would work for you in terms of next steps? What would you like here? It's totally fine if you want to meet again or anything like that. What's helpful in your direction?
megan.holland: I would like to talk to the providers and see if this is something I know. Like I mentioned, we do have one provider who's using an AI scribe. You know which one she uses? No. I think she may even use two because she keeps getting on for free. I'm not sure which one she's using, but I would like to go to them and, you know, find out where, you know, this could possibly fill some holes, fill some gaps for them.
Nathan Peereboom: Can I make a recommendation? We don't do this that often. Usually we were like, oh, we should have a pilot in place to do this. But I always. I. I do think that it might be helpful for, like, Chris to do a little demo in front of your team. Chris knows the product like the back of his hand. And, you know, seeing the magic is amazing, like just doing a mock encounter and just seeing it come out and realizing how good it is. Is is something that people find to be a pretty incredible experience. Would you be open to us just setting up, like, a virtual demo and letting people just being like, this is what the software does. All right, you guys decide. We're going to log off, but, like, whatever, at least you make the decision, having seen the software in action.
megan.holland: Yeah.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): I think it would be wise, Megan, if you do want to do that, your CFO be involved with it, too, because I think that he'll find some. Some use out of this.
megan.holland: Okay?
Nathan Peereboom: Awesome. Chris, do you mind just glancing at your schedule? Can we just get this on the calendar?
megan.holland: So can y'all hear Carrie? She's behind me.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah.
megan.holland: Hey, Carrie, my question would be your AI. Trans Transcribing will talk with Athena. To where? It's going to merge all of their notes. So I have two staff that are completely. Anti technology. They struggle with it. It's hard for them. And I think that's why they have pushed back every time we've told them, hey, let's use this to help you with your notes. You know the two that I'm talking about? Because I know they 100% need something to help them with their pace.
megan.holland: Because I have goals set for each provider and they're already complaining about where they're at and they're not even near their bulk mark. So I want you need to be utilizing the tools that I've told you. So I think whatever this is, it needs to be easy and streamlined for them, not something that's more complex, because Athena is already a very complex girl. So I need to make sure that whatever we're putting on them. Because they're just now starting to kind of grasp the Athena. I think if we throw something else that's more complex, they're going to shut down.
Nathan Peereboom: So I would say two things. One, Terry, this might feel like a unique problem, but let me tell you, it is so, so typical. It's very, very typical. Behavioral health is full of people. Who got into healthcare to really connect with other human beings. Like, a lot of people get in to be able to help because they have a heart for other people, not because they want to be in a lab with a beaker. And because of that, just psychographically, people have trouble with technology. And so we have set up a system where, you know, anyone can get in touch with us over customer support.
Nathan Peereboom: We do encourage clinics like yours to have us out so we can do a lunch and learn. Like, we'll fly down to you, order lunch. Chris will be there. We'll send our product manager, Becca, and we'll literally sit behind you on the computer and walk you through it. Because every technology company should be an education company at the end of the day, but particularly in this field, it's very, very typical. It's, like, extremely usual, so don't feel like that's a barrier. The last thing that I would say, though, is that we have designed the software to be dead simple. Again. We're not serving people outside of behavioral health. And we have designed it around our user, which is, as you're describing, just one button. You do the recording. The note sits there. You can read through it. You sign it, like, here. I'll just show you an example. When you go to sign a note, this is how easy we've made it. Go into your note.
megan.holland: One that's a cap therapist. That he's one that struggles with technology. For sure. He hates Athena.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. I mean, look at how easy this is. It just says sign. You can read through the note, you can click in and edit it, and you're done. It's like really, really dead simple. There's not that much going on on this page. So, you know, even the recorder. I mean, this is the crown jewel of the software. It's just a big purple button. You click it, it starts recording. You click done and you're done.
megan.holland: If we were still using Athena, but this was helping the providers do their, like, ENM visits. What does that look like? Do they do the visit in jots, like, and then copy and paste that into their note Athena or how does that work?
Nathan Peereboom: There are two ways. One is exactly as you describe. There's a single button, copy paste. The second way though is we have a chrome extension that can populate Endo Athena. I think Athena is cloud based at this point, right?
megan.holland: Yes.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay? So you can sit in your chrome extension and you can basically, what it does, it reads Athena and says, oh, there's where the HPI goes. There's where the psychiatric history goes, and it will, like, flow through everything. You can choose either one.
megan.holland: Okay?
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. But megan.
Nathan Peereboom: The end game for us. And you probably have kind of gotten this is. We believe that five, six, ten months from now, you're going to be so in love with Jotsec, you're going to say, gosh darn it, I wish I could just sign my note and leave it in shots like. And build through Jotsyc. And do eprescription through jotsyc and have everything in drop psych. And that is like where we are going with it like that. That is our goal with even this introductory conversation. Again, we are product led so we think we give the software away. We let people use it at a reasonable basis. We believe that our system of record is going to be even for your practice is going to be so much better than what you have with Athena.
megan.holland: Cool. Well, yeah, I'm willing to get something scheduled for the providers to take a look and see. What everybody thinks.
Nathan Peereboom: Great. Chris, do you want to take over here and just do some calendar matching?
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): And I've got to hop to another meeting, so I'm going to just top off here real fast, and. But if you guys. If. Megan, if you want me to be on it, just let me know when it is, and I'll make sure that I'm on it.
megan.holland: Okay?
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): All right. Thanks.
Nathan Peereboom: Thanks, brittany.
megan.holland: Virtual or in person? What are we looking at right now?
Nathan Peereboom: We could do either. If we do in person, we do just charge a stake fee just to make sure that it's okay for our team to come out there. So the stake fee is $499. And we'll send two team members to wherever you are in the United States.
megan.holland: So this is what I'm thinking. I'm thinking let's do the virtual, and then if our two special sweeties need some additional, then we'll set it up. They're both at the same office.
Christopher Hume: Perfect.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah.
megan.holland: Tuesday the 24th. That's the next time. I also have Paul here. I was going to say, we've got to make sure today Paul can. Do like, let me look at Ketamine Day. Has scheduled a quick. It's far enough out now where I can block people. How long do will this take? About an hour. Yes.
Christopher Hume: We typically block off an hour, and it's anywhere between 30 minutes to 60 minutes.
megan.holland: Okay, let's do 11:30 to. 12 to 1. Would that work?
Christopher Hume: Horse. And is this central time?
megan.holland: Yes. Central time, 12 to 1.
Christopher Hume: Perfect. Let me set this up right now.
megan.holland: Right now. That works perfect. And I'll just go in and block everyone's schedule.
Christopher Hume: Let me just.
megan.holland: That out there. Order it to match. Of course it didn't.
megan.holland: She coordinates at all.
Christopher Hume: And megan. You're megan holland at vio wellness. Perfect. Okay.
megan.holland: And I may or may not be able. Let me look at my schedule for that day. I probably won't be able to do that meeting, but that's okay. I mean, it's.
Christopher Hume: It's.
megan.holland: I want to get feedback from them anyway, so.
Christopher Hume: We are adding them all or adding both of your emails right now. And then if you could just share it with your providers or just share your provider's email with me. Out sick training.
megan.holland: And I'll reach out. She mentioned Justin being on our cfo. I'll see if he's available.
megan.holland: So I have a quick question over after the trial period.
Christopher Hume: What is the cost of this?
megan.holland: And is it for office or is it for all offices?
Christopher Hume: Per provider. So if you're just using our. Just the base, the basic features. It's $150 per month per provider. And then the eprescription and some of our auditing billing features or add ons from there, of course. We discount for annual subscriptions or more than seven providers.
megan.holland: And then if we were down the road to switch to your, erm. What does that look like?
Christopher Hume: That's something that's in the vicinity of $249. And that's all inclusive, every feature we have. So $249 per month, per provider.
megan.holland: And you said there is no credit card processing fees to run credit cards through that thing you showed me.
Nathan Peereboom: So there's no. So the thing that you have in Athena. Well, one, I. I would be really curious to read the fine print in your contract because we get charged credit card fees. Everyone gets charged credit card fees. So we get charge 2.9% plus 30 cents per transaction. And we don't take any money from that. That's just like what Stripe charges us. But the ach eft set up that, of course, is as standard, free. But I truly think you should. I'd be so curious if you ever wanted me to look at your Athena contract. My guess is that they said something like there's no additional fee for credit card processing and they have an addition. Like they do charge a processing fee because that would be incredibly non standard for Athena. And, I mean, you guys are a special clinic, but I can't imagine that they would cut, like, such a unprofitable deal for themselves, given that they have to pay processing fees. Through that. So I would want to read the fine print if I were you.
megan.holland: I did when we got it, because I didn't believe it either. And it is in there. I'm trying to find it now so I can screenshot it and show it to you. There you go. Credit card processing and merchant processing fees are included in the Athena 1 service fee set forth above, which is 10.31 per visit.
Nathan Peereboom: Oh, okay. Yeah. So they're charging on a per visit basis, including the credit card fee on it.
megan.holland: We pay $10. 31 flat fee per visit.
Nathan Peereboom: Hey, you know what? If you want that deal with us, we are happy to cut that deal.
megan.holland: That is a very expensive contract, Megan.
Nathan Peereboom: You can't tell people you're not getting charged a credit card and see. That makes sense. Anytime you can charge on a per visit basis. You can, of course, roll. I mean. I mean it. Seriously. If you guys would prefer to pay on a per visit basis, we could move to that and zero at everything else. Because that's how we get charged. We get charged. Per eprescription per visit, per, you know, set of AI energy and compute cost we have. So we experience cost in that way, which is the only reason why we charge, you know, for things like credit card processing fees, right? All right.
Christopher Hume: Just one quick question from my end. I just always like to make sure before we get off the call. Megan. Carrie. Did you get the email from me? Did you see the meeting invite come through?
megan.holland: I did. That's what I just looked for. It just popped up. Yes, I have it.
Christopher Hume: Perfect timing. Well, Brad, if you could add providers or just send their emails my way, I can add them and then. Yeah, really looking forward to getting everyone a walkthrough. And we can. They'd like. We can kick off a pilot.
Christopher Hume: Of any level in that meeting as well.
megan.holland: One thing I'm curious about. If you guys, you guys are in the behavioral health space, especially with, like, clinics like ours, if you guys know or have ever met or familiar with Chris Walden in Narovo, If not, he's somebody else should meet.
Nathan Peereboom: Who is Chris? I don't. Yeah, tell us about.
megan.holland: So, his company used to be called Ketamine Media, but it's Narovo now. But they do marketing specifically for behavioral health. Tms. They only work with clinics like ours. So if that's the space that you guys specialize into, I don't know if there's. I mean, they. One of the things that Chris and his team has been working on for us is integrating our CRM. With our ehr in making those to talk to each other, which we're finally starting to do now. There was a lot of, like, backend integration stuff they had to do to get it working. But. I think that's one thing that, like, we are wanting to do is more like, I'm a huge data nerd and, like, being able to see where our patients come from, which ads we get TMS patients from, which ads we get these patients from. Like, I was able to send Chris, like, a printout. Of all the zip codes for our patients that we service. So he's, like, pinpointing those zip codes for us and doing more ads based on where the patients are actually coming from to the practice. So. I don't know. I just. You mentioned that that's what you guys specialize in, I thought. That might be a good opportunity. For some future development.
Nathan Peereboom: Megan, would you be willing to introduce us?
megan.holland: Yeah, absolutely.
Nathan Peereboom: That would be awesome. Yeah, we. I mean, super, super interesting. Would love to kind of. Noodle with him.
megan.holland: Yeah. Chris has been in the space. Well, I. I've been with him since I opened in 2022. And they used to be called Ketamine Media, but they just did a huge rebrand because they're doing a lot more than just ketamine. No.
Nathan Peereboom: Awesome. Okay? Yeah. Wow. This looks really, really amazing.
Nathan Peereboom: Chris is a good guy. All right, well, you know, someone. Anyone who comes through recommendation is always. It's always exciting to kind of meet and hopefully, hopefully find a way to work together, so I appreciate it.
megan.holland: Yeah. Okay, well, cool. We'll look forward to meeting again at the end of the month.
Nathan Peereboom: All right. Love it. Megan, Kerry, thank you both so much. Really appreciate you.
megan.holland: Yeah.
Christopher Hume: Providers are sent. Perfect. Thank you, Carrie. Thank you, Megan.
megan.holland: Bye.