Nathan Peereboom: All right.
Jackson Bierfeldt: What are we going over right now?
Nathan Peereboom: Exact same thing we do every day. Let's just go person by person and just talk updates.
Adam Harrison: Sure I'll share.
Nathan Peereboom: Awesome.
Adam Harrison: So first I added actual fields in here because it was getting a little gnarly to just do it more vibey with a harness. So I just wanted to actually be able to see this in here. So this is all up to date. If you guys want to look at anyone and see kind of where they are in the onboarding process. So that's like a first broader update. Brittany. I'm meeting with her. In, like, 90 minutes. She is ready to start billing for HealthLink. She just hasn't had any of those patients, to my knowledge. So things I'm going to go through with her today. One. Make sure she's actually good to be signing. Like we did the demo, but I haven't seen her actually submit any claims yet to I need to get the address information. For the people in HealthLink. I have their insurance information, but I don't have like address which we need to submit the claim. So I'm going to see if she has those and I can just upload. But also I'm going to set her up with, like, our form so she can get those if she doesn't have that. And do that on an ongoing basis. Then I also she also wants to do Blue Cross Blue Shield, so I just need to start that process with her because we only did Health Link and then she mentioned she also has Blue Cross, but I don't really think she has any patience with them today. So it's more of like, hey, we just want to set this up for the future. But yes. I would like to do the eligibility demo with her, but I think that seems like it may have to come a little later, just given where we are on that right now.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Given where we are on what eligibility. Why can't we do the demo with her?
Adam Harrison: Is it ready to ship? I'll check with Lee, but I could go through.
Jackson Bierfeldt: It should be. I think that was the point, is that it's ready to be tested.
Adam Harrison: Okay, Confirm with the league because it would be good to test today. I know he was running some tests. I just want to make sure it actually is going to work before I show it in front of someone.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah. I think you should log in with her account. Her, like, billing account and do it. Beforehand and just make sure it's going to work. But if it doesn't work. Let me know because I will need to wrangle him.
Adam Harrison: Okay? Cool. Any questions on Brittany?
Nathan Peereboom: Nope. Awesome. Love it. Very exciting.
Adam Harrison: She's moving in a good direction. Amanda. I spoke with her yesterday. Key things for her. She's, like, excited to move everything over. So as opposed to doing just the three pairs you discuss. Nate, she wants to do everything. That's awesome.
Nathan Peereboom: What a win. Adam, that's all you, man, because I could only convince her to do three.
Adam Harrison: Yeah. So she's kind of, like, come around to that idea. She has her Valent contract coming up in, like, I think it's June. So she wants. Her goal is like, hey. My goal is to be like, just. By the time that contract comes up, I can just be fully on jot's sake. So she's a little bit agnostic to how we get there, but her requirement is like, hey, by the time we get to June, I need to be, like, doing all my work in job sake, so I can just, like, kind of cut the cord. So I think the path here is this week, you know, like, today, going to do patient upload for her and, like, make sure those things all map correctly, go through that with her. She's working on, like, calibrating her template. You know, the billing template that we used is, like. You know, she's just, like, someone who's very particular about her templates. As you guys know.
Adam Harrison: I'm going through her, like, Valent account to go through, and instead of just the three insurers. I need to, like, do EDI enrollments for, like, the long list of everyone. And then in terms of a migration plan, I think what we're going to do is we're going to start with, like, one smaller one, which is, I think, consistent with what we'll do with, like, Valcore. And others more broadly. And, and this is something like Michelle has found to be a good approach, too, is like, do one small kind of contained payer, do the full migration. You know, the eras can get a little, like, messy. Because that's just kind of unavoidable with how it works with insurance. But the general plan here is we're going to get everything set up in her account. We're going to train, like, her and her staff on how to, like, do their whole workflow in job sites. So her front desk. Needs to be able to send forms, needs to be able to like, bill the patients for their CO pay and whatever they need to do. Eligibility. And then we'll start with just, like, one payer, do it end to end, and then I think we'll try to flip a switch and do, like, the rest of them over the next few weeks. We'll like, make that transition. So, yeah, she's a good one. She's got two other providers. And then she also has another office under a separate billing identity. That will come a bit later. But for now, we're just going to start with her and her two providers and her, like, primary office.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Great. So the next step is just doing one of the pairs. We're still doing that. Okay, great.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, I need to identify which one. Like, go into her valent, look at her schedules. Yeah, that's the next step.
Nathan Peereboom: Gotcha. So just timeline wise, like, what are we. When does that happen, Adam? Is that, like, is that something that's going to, like, happen today and, like, by tomorrow you're like, hey, this is the one that. That we're going to go for.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, I think. Yeah. Identify today.
Adam Harrison: I'm checking in with her end of the week, so, you know, I think we should try to get things set up over the next few days, like, align with her end of week, do the training with her providers next week, and then start, like, start with that one pair, so. Gotcha.
Nathan Peereboom: Just a question on this. Like, you know, Amanda is so chatty. Is there a way to, like, just get her green light without being on a meeting? Just so that you can, like, move the ball down the field like this week before Friday.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, I plan to move it forward. Async, and I'm trying to keep the touch points pretty like tactical in nature. We will just have to do a training like with her staff though on like. Like, not only for her other providers, but also for her like front desk folks. Like, so same thing as Valcourt. She's not really like a one man shop. She's got a little more complexity, so we just got to like, you know, kind of walk our way into it a little bit.
Nathan Peereboom: Great.
Jackson Bierfeldt: And that relies on us having patient responsibility, handling and eligibility, right?
Adam Harrison: Yes. We kind of need those. So I think this feels like a go live next week kind of thing. Get it all set up this week situation.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: Cool, beautiful.
Adam Harrison: Very similar to Valcore that's developed well. Valcor. I haven't updated this, but yeah, I think it's very similar. Right. Like they want to move with. With one pair to start. They suggested a few. Those are like kind of their larger payers. So I think we actually want to similar to Amanda pick like a smaller one that we can. Kind of bite off, and we need to do it across all of their providers. Right.
Jackson Bierfeldt: So it won't work. Go ahead.
Adam Harrison: Oh, yeah, sorry, Jackson, go ahead.
Jackson Bierfeldt: I was just going to give Nate some of the context from. We met with them and they're ready. They like the co signing feature. They're ready to, like, start moving something over, but they brought up the question of, like, wait, if we're going to start submitting claims. In jot. Psych. How are we going to close those claims out in collab, you know, because collab is where they start the appointment, collabs where they receive the era. They're like, well, how are we going to associate those claims? And we realized, like the. World in which you're submitting through one software and receiving in another. Is theoretically possible, but it's practically impossible because it creates like a huge loose end problem in the main system of record. So we're now trying to push them towards picking just like one payer. Same thing we're doing with others where we're like, we're going to move that one over. First, but we're going to do the whole thing. So anyone you see with that payer is going to have to, you know, be done in jot psych so that we can track that entire claim. The problem there that we're running into is that Valcourt only has, you know, their prescribers in job site right now. They don't have all of their therapy staff in, but when we move the ERA over for one of these payers, then they can't use collabor MD anymore. You know, for the therapists. So we are like, running into a little chicken and egg problem where we have to either get all of them, you know, into into jot psych, and it seems like that's what we're going to try to do. They're setting up accounts for at least one of their other therapists right now. But that's kind of emerging as a sticking point with Valcourt right now.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, cool. Yep. We. That totally makes sense. It's what we're seeing with other folks, too, so great. Oh, Adam, you're muted.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, sorry, Beverly. I'm doing her patient migration today. I did the A demo on on that with Lee this morning, so I just need to get that. Pulled into job psych. And then, you know, tomorrow, follow up with her, encourage her to start. Start signing submitting notes. I'll check again today. And see if, like, anything has come through there. And then I think, you know, when we touch base on Friday, We'll go through how to do intakes. Intakes? Like forms and eligibility. Because I expect that should all be in a good spot by then.
Nathan Peereboom: Awesome. Adadeo signed Yesterday for the 6% plan. Adam, you're meeting with her Wednesday. Just medi cal she wants. If you could just send her. I mean, I'm sure you've got, like, a form email at this point, but just like, hey, here's the stuff I need. She's. She's one of those people who, like, does not really want to chat. Like, she got on the phone, she was like, hey, I've got two patient encounters I'm going to do during this call. So where's the msa? So I center the msa. She then muted like read the MSA while she was on with another patient. Signed it and then hopped back on, Talked to me for five minutes, hopped on with another med management visit. So, like, I would just say, like, she's going to be kind of async.
Adam Harrison: Perfect.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, we got her. Is primarily honestly through. Like, I met with her once and then I've just been, like, chatting. With her over text for, like, a few weeks. So that's the idea there.
Adam Harrison: Yeah. Great. That'll be a good way to test more of, like, an async onboarding process.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, totally, totally. Do you? Adam, maybe you sent this to me, but can you just send me, like, whatever little package you have with his background? Because this is on my plate, like I'm owning him.
Adam Harrison: That's my bad. I got to send you that. I didn't do that.
Nathan Peereboom: No worries.
Adam Harrison: All right.
Nathan Peereboom: That's all I need for that. But. But I'm just. I'm trying to, like, kind of jostle him into, like, moving forward, but that's not on your plate.
Adam Harrison: Okay, got it. Tracy. We met yesterday.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, I sent her a bunch of stuff, like to fill out Async. We're going to meet again later in the week. Her onboarding call was like, I guess two things I want to flag. One is we didn't get through all the study set up because, like, Steady has to manually approve. Once she creates an account, and then there's like a 20 minute setup time before jots, like, loads after. So there's like, two friction coins that make it, like, kind of challenging. So I do want to try to make that more of an async sign up. So that's. We didn't get through all that, so we need to finish that next week. She also. We spent a lot of time going through, like, what her workflow would look like in job psych, so that was helpful to go through that. She? Had a lot of feedback on our, like, billing templates. I sent a note in the Job Bill Channel, but I think there is. Yeah, it feels like people aren't, like, loving those yet. Especially like in this case, I think Tracy had a pretty clear, like, 99214 that it labeled as a 99213. And then what was like, in the note was a 99213. But then what was in, like, the billing codes on the top bar? Was a 99214. So I think there's just, like, some more work to do on the billing template. And some, like, hygiene stuff on it. And in the meantime, I'm kind of like, I don't really think we should hold providers to using those templates as much as we should just hold them to, like, reviewing those, like, you know, form fields that are, like, what the codes are that gets sent to billing. Just because we had kind of, like. It was kind of, like, a frustrating experience for her to, like, see a note that she felt was, like, one thing and then have us sort of, like, downcoat it in the note. But, yeah, I guess I wanted to just, like, raise that with you, you know?
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah, we got to fix that. That template, because it has, like, a billing code section in the template. When it's the billing codes should just exist outside of the template. My question there, because I agree that that template needs work. Who can own that process of, like, actually going and redoing the template. And making it better. Do we have?
Nathan Peereboom: Wait. Sorry. Is that the problem, though, Adam? Or is the problem that the code in the JOT audit panel is wrong and she's frustrated with that because she's getting audited and. No, it's.
Jackson Bierfeldt: It's in the template. We've seen this with other people. It's. Because the template and the job audit are saying two different things.
Adam Harrison: The template note is also not robust enough. To, like. It doesn't have all the, like, clinical stuff, you know, she had, like. The grain is, like, pretty helpful. I don't feel like. To me, I don't feel like this is. This is the constraint for us right now. I think we should just sort of, like, flag these billing templates and then say, like, you're free to do whatever you want for your note, but just, like, check the jaw audit. And, like, move on with life because I don't want to get into a space where we're just like, endlessly refining this template because agree every provider is going to have their own, like, preferences anyway.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Like Amanda, I think we don't want to endlessly refine it, but we probably we've seen this particular problem enough that should we just go in and remove that billing codes section from the template? I mean, that's, like, the easiest thing to do so that it just stops generating that.
Adam Harrison: Well, I think it's a little more nuanced than that, because I think. Yeah, because I think the whole point of the template is that it has, like, this is the time spent on psychotherapy, and so this is the code you use as a result. So I feel like if it doesn't.
Jackson Bierfeldt: But that all kind of predates job audit, right? Like, isn't. Do they want that signed into the note?
Adam Harrison: I don't really know. I don't know enough about, like, how a note should look for, like. Yeah, I don't know. I feel like this template was a little more like a lot of your thinking went into Jackson, so. And I don't feel like I know exactly what the note should look like. For billing purposes. And what needs to be in the note versus what can just be in, like, the jaw Audit panel.
Adam Harrison: I'm sort of inclined to be like, hey, you do the note however you want. Just make sure, like, the jaw audit stuff is good.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, that's kind of how I feel.
Jackson Bierfeldt: I think that's. That's. I agree. That's the ultimate thing, but I just mean, like, we should probably deliver people a sensible default, right? Like, we don't want them. Because we've now seen, like, three people feel frustrated with the initial billing template, and that just doesn't. I agree we can move past it, but it doesn't really instill confidence.
Adam Harrison: No, I agree. I agree.
Jackson Bierfeldt: I just don't know when and who should, like, sit down. I'm not saying it should be like a week long process, but those templates right now are like vibe coded templates that Nate made five months ago when he was like, first looking at the new, you know, like, rules based system. We just haven't really looked at them since then. And I imagine there's some updates we could make to give people a better default.
Adam Harrison: I agree. Maybe we set aside some time. I think it might benefit from, like, maybe us sitting down together during the retreat and kind of.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Maybe it's a retreat activity.
Adam Harrison: That's a great idea to me.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah. Okay. All right. Can you add a to do list for. You can make it my lead.
Adam Harrison: Yeah. And, Jackson, I feel like you have a lot of insight that I'm missing, and I have some recent customer conversations, so maybe we just, like, merge those things and figure out what we do.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah. Okay. I think that's what it is. I just need to figure out when to set the time aside, but I think during retreats, the best time for us to just gather the wagons and do that.
Adam Harrison: Okay, cool. Yeah. And then for her, it's, I'm still, you know, the main blocker right now is like the intake process. So I sent her, like, we're going to try and do that async where she's going to send me all of her, like, you know, credentialing for how she's enrolled with each payer. She's already sent a bunch of contracts, but the contracts are not, like, exhaustive of what we need, but, you know, so that. That's in process, and we'll just keep, like, marching her forward here throughout this week.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Ok, can you. And I know you are, but make sure you're getting all the feature requests for the, like, intake form stuff, because I think that it's going to be a big part of the retreat is getting some of the other team to, like, really work on the forms in a way that's specifically like enabling jot bill customers.
Adam Harrison: Yep. Totally. Yeah. I'm going to go through kind of a demo of that with a few people throughout the week, so I'll try to log some feedback.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Amazing.
Adam Harrison: Angela, so I know she was on fast start. Nate, I kind of want to flag her as a little bit of, like a. She's gone a little quiet. I followed up with her, like, twice. Like, I. Yeah. I. I know you're meeting with her tomorrow to do the job. Bill readout. And I was going to join and use that as a touch point to be like, hey, you know, how's it going collecting all your credentialing information? Because right now she is. She's just, like, not responded to me over email. I just want to flag that.
Nathan Peereboom: Totally. Yeah, so I have to. That's like on my list to dos. Is her ehr stuff in one? Is it in one password?
Adam Harrison: Yep.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, great. Yeah. And then. Adam, do you have her phone number?
Adam Harrison: I'm not sure I would have to check. Like her metabase thing.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay? I can. I can send that over if so. But yep. Okay. Yep. Next up for her is just the Jotno analysis, which is happening tomorrow, and we'll nudge her on the fast start for sure.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: Great.
Adam Harrison: But she's not been responsive, like over email.
Adam Harrison: Which is why I like to have these. Like, it's good. Like, that's why, like, whenever I meet with someone, I'm like, okay, let's just have, like, a check in in a week. Even if we're going to try to do things async.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah.
Adam Harrison: I just don't want. To have something slip because, like, people don't follow through.
Nathan Peereboom: Super smart, cool.
Adam Harrison: Okay? All right. That's pretty much it, I think. Anything else you guys wanted to chat through?
Jackson Bierfeldt: Just product update wise, made the updates to the dual sign comment flow that Falkourt wanted and then today I'm going through and really working on the UX for the Biller. To make sure that. They as we're like now starting to onboard people into this that they can figure out like, okay, what encounters are happening, what's the status of them? Who can I create claims for what signed all of that? And then I'm beginning work on the patient ledger feature, which is going to enable us to actually start using Stripe to collect co pays and patient responsibility payments from insurance as those eras come in.
Nathan Peereboom: Love it. And then on my side, we are spinning up a bunch of outreach for, you know, just the colds, like getting more top of funnel from Chris. With Chris and the cold call team. So that's happening. I'm moving forward with Jotred, which is. I think that we're. We're submitting our first credentialing application today for John Hensel.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Cool.
Nathan Peereboom: I'm going to do probably a little, like, experiment. Of, like, one of those emails where I reach out to, like, 200 customers and just invite them into Jotred. I think that it's a really, really, really strong top of funnel strategy. That keeps recurring for a lot of these solo clinicians who are just like, I don't know how to get credentialed. So. So, yeah, so that's. That's probably like the direction that I'm going here and.
Jackson Bierfeldt: I don't know, is there anything I suggestion on that? I think I forgot. Who, but something in our analytics is able to show who we think is, like, on an MSO or not. I remember that being part of the pen. Opticon.
Nathan Peereboom: You might want to.
Jackson Bierfeldt: You might want to filter the list to the, like, MSO people. And specifically, like, flag. Like, hey, are you thinking of trying to get off of the MSO and, like, you know, own your whatever back? That might be an interesting way to frame that.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, cool. Yeah, that's a really, really good, good suggestion. Great. Let me just see. Is there anything else worth mentioning here? No. Okay, great. Oh, sorry. One other question. Can we just talk about the data transfer stuff for a second? Because I think data transfer is. I don't know if it's blocking us. I don't think it is here, but I think Becca thinks that it's blocking people from jrx. I haven't seen it or looked at it. Jackson, can we just have a status and maybe. Adam, if you've used the tool from Lee, you can also chime in here. Where is that? Is that in a place that's, like, shippable? Is it like. Is it productized? Where are we with the data migration tool?
Jackson Bierfeldt: Adam, I think you actually know better than me right now.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, I just did. Like, I just used it this morning with Lee. It's productized. It seems to work pretty well. I ran it with, like, Angela's customers because that was, like, a pretty small number. Before we do it for, like, a thousand customers. Or, you know, customers. Clients for, like, Amanda Smallman. You know, I think it seems like it works pretty well. So the scope of it is like demographic information. Insurance information and calendar information. So it doesn't do any notes or, like, anything beyond that, which I think is fine. And I think makes it, like, a fairly low risk. If something imports incorrectly. It's like, not the end of the world, because it's not like you have a bunch of notes in there. It's just like it says Blue Cross instead of cigna. And that should be, like, easy enough to fix. So it seems to be working pretty well. I just demoed it this morning.
Nathan Peereboom: Gotcha. Okay. Okay, great. That's it, then.
Adam Harrison: Cool.
Nathan Peereboom: All right, sweet. Last thing here. I'm starting to plan out retreat week a little bit. And what would be helpful from both of you is just understanding. And I can. Jackson, I know that you've kind of presented this in. In the all hands yesterday. You probably have like a notion doc, or a sketch pad where you're sketching it. Out, so you can just forward it to me. But just like, a little bit about, like, dream roadmap. Because I want the rest of the engineering team to be spending next week, maybe not exclusively, but, like, 90%, focused on participating in helping to build some of the RCM pipe. Here just to, like, kind of leap progress forward also, you know, increase everyone else's, like, knowledge and understanding of what we're building. And do it in a high context environment, which is, of course, the retreat environment. So if you guys have thoughts on that, If you have, like, dreams where you're like, hey, this is containerizable, and it would be amazing for folks to support on it, that would be great because I'm starting to sketch that out today.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Okay. I'm not going to do that today because I really just need to get moving on some of this. But is there a timeline that I have to do that on that would benefit you? Can it be done tomorrow?
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. I mean, my. I only have two deep workdays, obviously, so it's. It's either going to be today or. And. Or Thursday.
Nathan Peereboom: Can you do it Thursday? Yeah, sure. That's totally fine. If you could get it to me, though, by, like, early Thursday, that would be helpful.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah, okay, I can do that.
Nathan Peereboom: And I'll send you like a pre look of like what I'm thinking. But Adam, like, I'm super curious, for example. Oh, sorry. Yeah, I'll send you guys a free look, but that's just the direction that that's going, so I just wanted to give you a heads up. Okay.
Jackson Bierfeldt: I'll put some time on my calendar tomorrow to do the pre work on that.
Nathan Peereboom: All right. Beautiful. Okay, thank you, guys.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Off we go.
Adam Harrison: Thanks. Bye. Bye.