Jack Waugh: I'm doing well yourself.
Dayra: I'm doing good. Thank you.
Jack Waugh: Awesome. Glad to hear it. Well, yeah, appreciate you taking the time to chat with me today. Yeah. Just kind of wanted to ask you books like maybe you heard about us through Facebook. Is that right?
Dayra: I think it was Instagram.
Jack Waugh: Instagram. Okay. Cool. And, yeah, just wanted to kind of ask you what made you interested in trying us out?
Dayra: I just want to see how your, your platform works.
Jack Waugh: Gotcha. Kind of like get, get a feel for it, see if it might fit with what you're kind of looking for.
Dayra: First grab.
Jack Waugh: Okay, cool. Yeah. So just had a couple questions for you so I can make sure I show you, like, the most relevant features and things that might, like, be helpful for you. So did you, like, are you looking for something to, like, help you save time on notes more? Like, or is that, like, kind of the main goal?
Dayra: Yes.
Jack Waugh: Okay. What would you say you're doing right now as far as, like, note taking time per week on average?
Dayra: As far as time?
Jack Waugh: Yeah. Like, how much time would you say you're spending on that daily or weekly a lot?
Dayra: I spend maybe 30 minutes on each note if that, if that, not that more.
Jack Waugh: Wow. Okay. Yeah, that's a significant amount of time. I mean. This is a super common complaint we get from people. So the way we're set up is we're meant to kind of format it so that you have a fully HIPAA compliant note before your next patient walks in. So we're able to save providers anywhere from five to eight hours a week. I've heard people say they've saved like 10 hours switching to us. So it's a huge time saver for people. Basically, it kind of works so that all of that process of, like, formatting everything. Can be done to, like, really custom specifications that you want it to do. And also, it's meant to be that, like, it takes rather than 30 minutes per note, it might take you two or three minutes per note, if that. So I'll kind of show you how that works. And then just so I make sure I can, like, show you all the features that might be helpful. Are there any other things you were hoping that something like jotsy might actually be able to do for you?
Dayra: Just show me the, the. I just want to just, just show it. Just show me, like, a demo.
Jack Waugh: Sure. Okay, I'll go ahead and share my screen here. And are you, are you signed up for a trial at all? Okay, so tell me what you think of this. If you want to, you can sign up quickly. It's just a free two-week trial. And that way you can actually follow along as I'm doing this.
Dayra: No, I'd rather just see it. I just want to just, you could show it to me and I could check it out as we're doing it.
Jack Waugh: Sure. And, yeah, one of the cool things about jot sex, I'll, I'll show you, like, the basic walkthrough of how this works. One of the cool things about our platform is we're one of the few. I think we might be the only scribe that's actually trained for behavioral health clinicians specifically. So what that means is when we have, like, a final note, we've actually trained our scribe on notes that were more likely to get approved through insurance for behavioral health clinicians. So it's super accurate. And I'll show you some of the customization options there, too. Okay. So basically, step one, you're going to go, can you see this, by the way?
Dayra: Yeah.
Jack Waugh: Okay. Step one is you're going over to this record window here. And I'll just show, I mean, you can tell me what kind of template you might use frequently. We have a bunch loaded in here. You can also upload custom ones. But, I mean, an intake is, like, obviously if a person, a patient walks in for the first time, progress note. Or I don't know, are you doing a lot of, like, medication with add-on psychotherapy?
Dayra: I do do a lot of medication medication, psychoeducation.
Jack Waugh: Okay. So I'll, I'll pull that one up. We can check out a note with that.
Dayra: Can you pull up the, the psychiatric intake? Note?
Dayra: I'd rather do that.
Jack Waugh: Absolutely. No problem. Okay, so. That's really all you do. You can add a patient name here if you want to. You don't have to. Some people like to leave it blank, but that's totally up to you. But you can just type in their name right there and then just hit enter.
Dayra: Okay.
Jack Waugh: And then really all you do is you hit start recording. And you let your session record. Obviously, we don't have to go through a whole patient session today. But I'll, I'll show you, like, some notes I already have. Created. So you get an idea of what it looks like. Then when you're done, you're just going to hit this generate note button here. And we do that. So that way you can make multiple recordings in case you want to.
Dayra: Yeah.
Dayra: And I, how long, what's the longest it records for?
Jack Waugh: I don't know. Actually, I don't know if I've ever heard of anyone reaching a limit. I think it's like, I think it can go as long as you need it to.
Dayra: Okay. Because that was my concern. Because sometimes you're in an intake for about an hour or longer.
Jack Waugh: Right. Yeah. No, there's no, like, timer or cutoff. It'll just keep going. So obviously it's not going to actually create a real note because we didn't session, but I'll show you what an actual note with that template looks like. So you can get an idea.
Dayra: I have a question. If I'm working with Headway, I have the Headway platform open. Then I have job site open at the same time and I can record from my laptop.
Jack Waugh: Right. Sorry. So if you have.
Dayra: I'm on my laptop right now. If I'm seeing a client through headway and then I have job site open, I record through that. I could open up, keep two windows open and go back and forth. Right.
Jack Waugh: Correct. Yeah. Meaning, like, if you have, like, a tab and the other patient meeting is happy. Yeah. So I'll show you how that works. There's like a little, like, are you using headphones on these? No. Okay, well, then you shouldn't have to do anything. It should just work fine because it's meant to talk to other. Windows. Okay, so this is kind of an example of an. Oh, I'm sorry. We did intake. Let me, let me show you an intake one. Okay. So here's an example of one of our intake templates. So I'll let you read through this. And this is, again, this is all just from the recording. So we have the summary here.
Dayra: Okay.
Jack Waugh: Chief complaint. Hi.
Dayra: So basically just summarizes it and then puts everything in their place.
Jack Waugh: Exactly. Yeah. So it's formatted so it's all HIPAA compliant. It's all actually the format you would need it to be. Otherwise, you know, as opposed to, like, taking the notes and then formatting them afterward. Any medications, any changes there will get picked up here. Sleep tests and scores. And then this is cool down here. We also auto match.
Dayra: Okay. Safety assessment. I see that assessment.
Jack Waugh: Yeah, absolutely.
Dayra: You can go. Keep going.
Jack Waugh: Keep going.
Dayra: And the zsm5.
Jack Waugh: Yeah. So we'll auto match those based on the session. As well as ICD. I'll show you that later in this note.
Dayra: Yeah. Okay.
Jack Waugh: Yeah. So this is a huge time saver because that can get complicated. So having those pulled up for you can obviously save a ton of time. Will also generate just follow-up email that you can send to the patient. And then hear the billing code. So I CD CPT codes.
Dayra: Are the same as codes.
Jack Waugh: Yeah, this is extra if it finds that there might be something missing from the patient's portfolio.
Dayra: Yeah. Okay.
Jack Waugh: And then to do's. So I want to pause there really quickly. Oh, and then also when you finish, you know, you obviously can edit this. But when it looks good to you, you copy all sections and it's ready to go. You just paste it right into your EHR.
Dayra: Okay.
Jack Waugh: So just to pause there quickly, does that all make sense so far? Yeah.
Dayra: Okay.
Jack Waugh: Does that look like what you would kind of be looking for? In a scribe?
Dayra: Yeah. Scroll down to the on the left side on the notes sections. I wanted to see if you hit just assessment. Under the note set right there.
Jack Waugh: Sure.
Dayra: Okay.
Jack Waugh: Now I'll show you something cool. Let's say you looked at this assessment and said, hey, this is a little short, or I would rather it output this in bullet points or maybe, hey, I also like it to include X, Y or Z.
Dayra: Or what if I wanted in, like, in a paragraph form, like such as like 47 years old presents such as such?
Jack Waugh: Okay. Yeah. So you just click that and see this little AI notice system over here. You're going to just type in from now on. On this template. You, you want to make sure you type that in so it knows going forward. And then just say output this section as a paragraph and then you just click that and it'll make that.
Dayra: Okay.
Jack Waugh: Yeah. And you can do that with any of these sections as long as you tell it going forward, it'll permanently change it, not just on this note, but on this template entirely. Yeah. Okay. Another thing I'll show you. This might be helpful. For you. Might. Need this. Maybe you don't, but we will actually let you just totally upload a template from scratch. So if you have like a PDF that you work from. You can just drag and drop that and we'll just load it into Jot psych for you.
Dayra: Okay. How much job site a month?
Jack Waugh: Yeah. So it depends on a couple things. What is it just you who would be using this? Okay. So as far as the scribe goes, we're 150 a month. And then if you pay for the year, we come out to about 135 a month. But what we do is we give you the free trial first. And then also what I can actually do is I can give you a discount month for twenty dollars on top of that. And then you can get, I think that gives you like 45 days to keep using jot so I can really making sure it works for you. Does that sound fair?
Dayra: I mean, it's decent. There's other ones out there that are, are more competitive.
Jack Waugh: But totally.
Dayra: Georgette. She just established it. I don't know if you ever heard of Georgette. She just did AI. It's called AI scribe, and she's a hundred dollars a month. Which isn't bad. And it's pretty much. The same thing, but they have, like, customer support. You guys have customer support.
Jack Waugh: We do. Yeah. Actually, we do have very good customer support. And, yeah, I hear you on that. You know, our selling point isn't necessarily being the cheapest. We're also not the most expensive. But I do think we are the best. And the reason for that is because, you know, with a lot of AI scribes, they're trained kind of with this, like, General medical language. Yeah. You know, so they're trained on what all of the other medical scribes are trained on, which is just this sort of, like, formatted. It's like kind of HIPAA compliant, but it's not something that's was actually built for the language that mental health clinicians need to use in their notes.
Dayra: You know?
Jack Waugh: And that's something I think we do really well. Let me also show you one other thing. I just wanted to make sure. Hold this up. So this is our sort of patient view. So if you ever need to see things about a patient, you can also send forms here. To your patient. So if you ever have forms, you need to send them that'll just show up here in jot psych. You don't have to use that, but you can if you want to. Diagnosis is medications. Do you spend a lot of time having to write, like, clinical documents for people?
Dayra: No.
Jack Waugh: Okay.
Dayra: I'm new into the practice maybe six months.
Jack Waugh: Okay.
Dayra: So I'm not there.
Jack Waugh: Yeah, I totally hear that. If you ever do have to, this is pretty cool. We'll actually kind of automatically write one. So, like, here's like prior auths.
Dayra: But that's easy. Fire officer easy. You just click, click, click. Oh, I see.
Jack Waugh: Yeah. So it's a nice feature to have, you know, if you ever find you're getting, you know, a lot of emails that you're things like to write, we'll just kind of output it for you. Okay, so here's what I can do then, Darren. Why don't we first get you set up with an actual trial so you can check this out? And I can kind of walk you through how to set that up. Are you, are you at your computer right now?
Dayra: Yeah.
Jack Waugh: Okay, perfect.
Dayra: But then my, my trial is going to start today, and then I don't have a page, new patient until Sunday, so that's a waste.
Jack Waugh: Yeah, well, that's totally fine. If you'd like to, you know, Create the trial on Sunday, you can. I just want to make sure I'm also helping you. Oh, well, and then on top of that, you're not. I don't want you to think just because the trial is over. Like you're, you're at the full thing after that. That's not two weeks.
Dayra: Two weeks. You said two weeks free trial period, right?
Jack Waugh: We give you two weeks. But what we also do for that reason so people don't feel like they're in a bind is we'll give you like a discount month for like twenty dollars. So it's like super affordable. And that way you're not feeling like, you know, you have to like get it right on at that exact time, you know. So. We can, you know, extend that a little bit so it's not, you're not at full price yet.
Dayra: I mean, if you could just show me how to decide. I mean, it's probably straightforward. I can just start it. Yeah.
Jack Waugh: You definitely can do that. So let's, let me hold this up. Do you have the link to our website?
Dayra: No.
Jack Waugh: Okay. Let me send that to you. And then also, I probably should ask you, are there any other things you would want jots like to be able to do? Because I don't know whether we will do it or not. But in case we do, I probably should tell you about it. What we're talking today.
Dayra: No, it's just basic, straightforward for the. For the notes.
Jack Waugh: Got it. So let me, let me text. The phone number I had for you was 201. Is that right?
Dayra: Yeah.
Jack Waugh: Let me send you the link to our site so you can sign up for when you're ready. Give me one second. Okay. So I just texted that to you.
Dayra: Okay.
Jack Waugh: Yeah, exactly. So why don't we do this? Why don't we meet again another week? Maybe not next week, but the week after. And that way I could help, like, answer any questions you might have while you're using this. Because I want to make sure you get the best experience because I didn't actually walk through any setup things with you today. And that way, in case there is a custom thing, you want to have set up there or any questions, I can just, you know, help remove any blockers there.
Dayra: Do you have an email? Because if I have it emailed, if I have any problems and I could just email you, then we could set something up.
Jack Waugh: Yeah, sure. Happy to do that. Let's see here. Best email for you. De Soto 1379 at yahoo.com.
Dayra: Yes. I'll be 100 honest. I'm just in the market looking at different demos.
Jack Waugh: Of course. Yeah.
Dayra: And whatever. I like the best, including price. I'm gonna go with.
Jack Waugh: That makes a ton of sense. I mean, I would be doing the exact same thing if I were in your shoes. You know, you want to try out different things and make sure you find someone that actually works for you.
Dayra: Of course. Yeah.
Jack Waugh: Now also wanted to ask you, as far as, like, you know, I've told you about some of our features, like some of the things we do. As far as note accuracy and being able to customize, you know, the node itself. How, how important is that to you?
Dayra: It's pretty much the same as. A regular. It's a regular template that I use that you guys have.
Jack Waugh: Oh, right.
Dayra: Yeah.
Jack Waugh: I mean, more in terms of the accuracy of the scribe itself.
Dayra: Oh, that's very important.
Jack Waugh: Okay. Gotcha. So I imagine when you're like evaluating everything, like that's probably, it's helpful for our feedback as well. I like to ask people that because it gives us insight. So that's kind of like, you know, node accuracy and making sure it's actually formatting it the way you like is probably at the Forefront of what you're looking for.
Dayra: Yeah. Yeah. Cool definitely for sure.
Jack Waugh: Okay. Well, yeah, well, no pressure on this, but I'd be happy to do another quick call with you. If you have any questions that come up and if you want, we could even kind of, like, tentatively schedule something for next Monday. And then if you don't have questions, we don't have to keep it.
Dayra: Does that sound not available? Okay. In the morning, I'm not. So that's why I'm just going to figure out when I'm going to try to start the trial period. If I have any questions, I can shoot you an email. Sure. We could set something up.
Dayra: Okay, well, that sounds great. I, like I said, I'm shopping. I'm really shopping around. Yes. One is going to work best for me.
Jack Waugh: That makes a ton of sense. And I'd be curious to hear what you find as far as I'm saved as well. Do you think you would be able to make at least like five to 10 notes using jot psych?
Dayra: What do you mean?
Jack Waugh: Like, because you're, you're saying you're going to sign up for a trial and then try this out over the next week or so and do the same.
Dayra: I don't know, because it depends on my schedule. I think next week I'm, I'm a little busy. So possibly.
Jack Waugh: Yeah. That would be if you're able to. I think that would be a great goal to set because I think that would give you, like, a pretty good range. What I've heard from people anyway, normally when they make about five to 10 notes, you know, with a couple different scribes is really where they see, like, how each one is kind of doing.
Dayra: Exactly.
Jack Waugh: So, okay, well, I think, you know, that's a great plan. And like I said, let me know if you have any questions in the meantime. And did you, I think I just sent you an email. Did you get that?
Dayra: Yes.
Jack Waugh: Okay. Well, Dara, I appreciate you taking the time today and also excited for you because I know you're going to start getting a ton of time on your notes. So I'm, I'm excited about that.
Dayra: Keep me posted. Thank you so much. Have a great day.
Jack Waugh: Thanks. You too. Bye. Bye.