Christopher Hume: You have given me a lot to work with already. So it's going to be a while before I catch up to the analysis you've given me, right? I think if you come back and Nate is riding you hard on an analytics thing, prioritize that. And we probably have. At least three weeks before we're creating Super Bespoke Reach out. For each of these people. Okay, so I'd love to have it all. And then just like whenever it's time we do the cookbook, you can certainly start chugging on Workstream C. But Nate's thing takes precedence at this point because you're giving me enough to work with for two to three weeks.
Daniel Chadda: Yeah. Okay, cool. So, yeah, I'll make a note of that. And then it definitely kind of depends on how much of mine kind of, like, time is taken up by Nate's project. But, yeah, if I'm the time, we'll definitely continue with workstream C, and then, yeah, we'll go from there, I guess.
Christopher Hume: Perfect. Anything else?
Daniel Chadda: I think that's about it. But of course, if you have any questions, anything you want me to kind of explain or look any further. Yeah, please let me know.
Christopher Hume: I will probably have. And we can either jump on a call or just do an async. I'm sure as I dive in this deeper and try to execute on some of it. I'll do more guides.
Daniel Chadda: Yeah, exactly. So, yeah, happy to do either of those. Happy to hop on another call and just go over all of that. But, yeah, also, Chris, I was wondering, so for our call.
Christopher Hume: Yeah.
Daniel Chadda: Probably because I'll be on break, probably not want to do that one, but, yeah, happy touch. Back again on the 20th.
Daniel Chadda: Perfect as scheduled.
Christopher Hume: Okay, good question. Awesome. Daniel, are you officially on spring break?
Daniel Chadda: Officially on break. Yeah. Thank God.
Christopher Hume: When do you go to Spain?
Daniel Chadda: So I'm hoping. Well, we're supposed to leave Sunday night, but my dad. I don't know, we were talking, like, this morning, and he had some stuff with work, so he might not be able to go, which really sucks. I'm hoping that's not the case. I don't know.
Christopher Hume: Is. Your family in the DC. Area?
Daniel Chadda: No, they're kind of spread out, so my parents are in Florida. My brother's in college, he's in New York, so we're all kind of, like, all over the place.
Christopher Hume: Are you meeting up in Spain? Is the goal?
Daniel Chadda: No, we were going to all meet up in New York and then leave.
Christopher Hume: Yeah, well, I'll keep my fingers crossed for you guys that you all get to go and forwarded hearing about it, Daniel.
Daniel Chadda: Cool. Chris, thanks so much. Yeah. Have a great rest of your day. Man.
Christopher Hume: Thanks. You too. Talk soon.