Nathan Peereboom: Hi Dr. Kennedy, how are you?
James Kennedy: Good afternoon. How are you?
Nathan Peereboom: Good. Good to see you.
James Kennedy: Good to see you as well. Been a while.
James Kennedy: It's been a while.
Nathan Peereboom: How are things? Sounds like you guys are growing like gangbusters.
James Kennedy: Yeah, it's been a pretty busy couple of years. Gosh, I think at the time we first spoke, I think I was just doing this part time. So that has changed. Left my full time gig probably about a year, year and a half ago or so. Okay. And then just, you know, it's been quite busy since.
Nathan Peereboom: That's amazing. I know you sent me your email, but just give me a little bit of the story, like how many clinicians are there now? It sounds like there's somewhere between five and 10, six and 10.
James Kennedy: So I think where today I think we're at six, we'll be at seven here very, very soon. So I think within just over a week, we'll be at our seven clinician and then have another one just pending licensure. And then three other ones that are requesting and are definitely, you know, potentials, but just got a skill of the new clinicians up first to kind of get into that place. But yeah, I mean, we've got a six office suite now in Tuxbury Medical Center and then just next week on Wednesday, new office in back bay in Boston.
James Kennedy: So it's been busy.
Nathan Peereboom: That's fantastic. What in your mind is driving that growth?
James Kennedy: I mean, I could tell you right now, I think Jod Psych was a large portion of that, especially early on. I think being kind of among those earlier adopters of AI transcription, I think it just allowed us to find way better work-life balance. So I mean, personally for me, it was especially when I was just doing this initially part time, it was like notes were consuming my life. So I mean, that's part of it, I think also good crew. I think we've got a good framework. I'm going to think of demographics and our locations are good too. Yeah. So those definitely help.
Jason Driscoll - New: And I don't know.
James Kennedy: I mean, I don't know exactly, but I'm sure it's a variety of factors.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, well, we'll take it. I mean, I think it's a really, I'll tell you what I think it is. I think when a clinic grows, like y'all are growing, in our experience, it's really a statement about how much patients love you. I mean, and like the word of mouth, the power of word of mouth and the power of like patient retention, it's unusual. Like we can see it in your, I mean, we see, we have, for better or worse, it's sort of God's eye view of how clinics develop because we work with social. And you guys really are a pretty, you're in a pretty special position. So that makes a lot of sense. Help me understand the, you know, again, I did read the email, but bring me into your headspace. And let's see if we can like find something that you're excited about and that also works for us.
Jason Driscoll - New: Okay.
James Kennedy: Yeah, for sure. I mean. I think as us in my email, I think landscape has changed dramatically. I'm sure you know it better than I do. And, you know, just with as operations grow, as I mean, insurance contracts stay flat, operations expenses continue to, you know, to swell. Just looking at it from, you know, just a business perspective kind of, you know, we obviously have been incredibly loyal and love the product. But, you know, there's a lot out there too. And I think just trying to make sure, you know, budgets are limited, trying to make sure we're just getting, you know, the most bang for a buck to be able to sit there and to swing, you know, those budget dollars and other specific, you know, revenues, whether it be adding additional space. Or. You know, a lot of the bells and whistles we have for ADHD testing are pretty capital intensive. And then we, you know, have a TMS machine that we. That was December purchase. So, you know, there's, you got to find a way to kind of move it around and try to make sure what is accurate is, you know, it's meeting the needs. So, yeah, this is one thing and I think two REHR. I mean, so we've got valent for our EHR. And, you know, I think there's a lot of good about it, but it's just outrageously expensive.
Nathan Peereboom: So how much do you guys pay for Valent?
James Kennedy: Ine? Oh my God, I can't.
Jason Driscoll - New: It's got me wrong. Other people, I remember that negotiation.
James Kennedy: Yeah. I mean, we, we got our, we got a good deal, but it's just, it's got to be around 2K a month all in for, for clearing house, for telehealth seats. For admin staff seats for clinician seats and then just eligibility checks and all that. It usually runs a spot 2K month. So it's. It's crazy. It's a lot.
Nathan Peereboom: Do you, how do you guys do like billing?
James Kennedy: So most of our billing. God, I think when we first started, everything was just through headway. I'd say 90 to 95% of our billing is all internal. We've got a couple commissions still waiting for credentialing for a couple different panels. But the vast majority of those all through, through Valentine. And honestly, that's probably the reason I stay with Valentine just because the billing aspect of it is very good. Very, very easy from a clinician standpoint. You put your billing code in, you hit record. Sends it to me. I create the insurance claims and my billing specialist, you know, does the rest of it and needs to be reworked.
James Kennedy: So yeah, that's one honestly, it's just, it's a hard thing to step away from that aspect of it just because billing sucks.
James Kennedy: And it's, it's workable in this, this iteration.
Nathan Peereboom: Do you. Do you worry about your billing? Is that something it sounds like you don't?
Nathan Peereboom: It sounds like you do.
James Kennedy: No, there's just a level of acceptance with, you know, I mean, oh, it's a huge issue all the time. And it's, I mean, I think a lot of it we've learned just about the rigor, you know, that we need to sit there and have eligibility checks. I think that's always been a big one. You know, patient changes insurance knows about it. And then we, you know, sometimes the OBs for a couple of our, our payers, I mean, they might take six weeks to get to us. And by that point, patients already been seen three or four more times and it's like, great, you know, no revenue from that. Situation. I mean, there's a couple other things maybe use a fair amount of modifiers. So with TMS too, if patients see on the same day, so we've got to, you know, check all of our modifiers for that and for telehealth. And we do a lot of neuropsych testing now to limit it, just kind of ADHD scope, but those have a lot of complexity, not just from a billing perspective, but from a, you know, pre-auth certification perspective, they would TMS that process even, even more robust getting our patients team us research. It's all right.
Nathan Peereboom: Do you feel like, you know, like if I were going to ask you, okay, you've got a certain block of like scheduled time, then you have. Or you have all your availability, you have your scheduled time. You then have your attended encounters. You then have what you're charging for. You then have what you get paid, and then you have what actually hits your bank account. Do you know that funnel? Is that like something that you have in your head?
James Kennedy: Yeah, yeah, for sure. Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: Do you like what part of that funnel is in your mind like the scariest?
James Kennedy: It depends on the, on the pair.
James Kennedy: I mean, I think we have some relationship. I mean, Blue Cross, I mean, even Cigna now, which historically used to be pretty challenging. I mean, I think I just saw something come through from a patient account or on the 23rd. And we were already. So I think it's really insured. Insure based. I mean, something like, you know, health plans, Inc. Up here stinks. They're notorious. I mean, sometimes it's three months. It's really insurer based. And I think it got to that point. So, I mean, we spent a lot of time making sure that all the systems were in communication, that we were having eRIS post, but everything was in sync. Before that, you know, we're just working on paper EOVs and trying to reconcile charts and it's, it's impossible. I mean, there were days, there were weeks that I probably spent 20 hours just trying to sit there and match a paper EOB. To what I need to charge the patient. And it's six months after the patient should have been charged because it was delayed or whatever it was. And that I think for a lot of practices, not having everything kind of linked and in sync. It's just a time of suck of just the craziest. Craziest number.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Within Valeant, what kind of package do you guys have? Are there like add-ons and like everything's a la carte?
James Kennedy: They, I mean, any little, I was actually just trying to get an API tap within the last month or so, which they would have obviously charged for. Now they're not, they're not doing it. It's really everything is just an additional surcharge. Even patient notifications, you know, we get a specific bucket of those a month, but then if you, you know, exceed that. So we actually have integrated spruce. That's like our communication platform now. So we just center mass communication through there because Valentine will charge you for that. They charge you for eligibility checks. They charge you for the sending claims out through waste army. That's, you know, and that can be just dependent on claims. And then, you know, you get a package for it, but you get an overage one month. It's like, guess what? $350 invoice just for sending out your claims. So those can add up. I mean, I think they're pretty. Pretty well aligned to utilization right now, but it's a big thing. I mean, and if you don't keep a good eye on that, those per claim overages can get outrageous.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. Okay. Yeah, that makes sense.
James Kennedy: And they've got an actually, they do have an AI script as well. I think they're, they rolled out a couple months ago. But again, I mean, it's, it's. The product is not, I mean, we're very happy with John Seiko as you've seen. I mean, a lot of patient encounters. And wouldn't want to just move to Valen just have one all-encompassing thing, especially with just the price points for everything are just, they're ludicrous. I don't even know what they're charging for AI and I really probably would vomit hearing whatever absurd charge looked at it.
Jason Driscoll - New: It was a lot. Like it was.
James Kennedy: A lot.
Nathan Peereboom: Well, okay, that's, that's helpful to hear though. Let me tell you kind of what's going on in my head. In all these conversations my North Star is, I want you guys to feel. Regardless of our relationship. Like I'm being honest with you and I'm like taking care of like your best interest as a clinic. Like we're a word of mouth business. You know, we benefit just like you guys are. We benefit from people appreciating what we do and not feeling like they were kind of given the run around. So let me say just like all upfront, if what you're looking for is the cheapest scribe. You probably should look at another vendor. Because, you know, the thing that we hang our hat on is quality, but in particular quality related to billing. You know, we are, we have reoriented the entire company around this idea that the billing worlds and the medical documentation worlds have been split for a long time. And what that's meant is it's meant that clinics have a huge amount of audit risk, particularly as an employer. It's really scary because, you know, you pay your employees out or your contractors. And if an audit comes, you don't, you can't really go back to them and claw back the money. So the audit risk is enormous. And so what we do now for, you know, within our program is we take all of your contracts with your payers because your, your payer contracts are like, they're kind of like the cheat sheet for like how to write a note that gets reimbursed. And we craft a template that is for that particular payer. And, you know, we also are sort of a la carte. You can choose what you want us to do. But there are like the goal is like we want to, we want to own everything that your practice does. You know, we want to make sure that you get paid. We want to make sure that your era match what's in your bank account and that matches what's in your payer contract and that matches what you charged in the encounter. So when, so I guess what I would say is. There are a few different routes that we can go through here. I think that it's not probably going to be possible for us to lower our price to something that is similar or the same as a company that's just doing like high, high, high volume, low fidelity medical charting. But one thing that we find valuable. And we want to reward is like the fact that you have been an incredibly loyal customer to us. And so one thing that I could imagine being really useful is taking the difference in cost for like the next like three months and saying, hey. We're going to give you that as a credit. To spend on anything else inside the Jotspsych ecosystem. And you can spend on e-prescription, you can spend on eligibility checks, you can spend it on, you know, we have a program where we'll actually, and I actually think this, this, this is the one that I hope you choose that we will go in and we will do a full consulting project on your billing. We'll pull out all of your records. We'll get all of your pair documents and we'll be like, okay, it feels smooth and valiant. And that's fine. It's great that it feels smooth. But there is a question of like, what is actually going on here? Where are their dollars being lost? Where is their lag? And bringing the full force of our analytics engine to that could be something that, you know, whether or not you decide to move forward with us or you decide to move to one of these other scribes, at least the information is helpful.
James Kennedy: Okay.
Nathan Peereboom: So how does that sit for you? Because I think I want to, you know, like I would love for you to stay in the JotSek ecosystem. But I also want to be really upfront that like our goal is to get you paid is not to write your note.
James Kennedy: You know, we appreciate just, I mean, the growth of your company and that that's, you know, what you're able to do. I mean, what an insane undertaking to get to that point. I mean, it's interesting. I think as far as like the failure of our notes or interpretation, I think that's great. We've had plenty of audits before. We've never lost, never had a clawback. So that's less of a concern of mine. I think. It's intriguing just hearing the consultant project on the billing though. I think that's something that I definitely. I certainly could entertain something like that and just getting a bit. I mean, I'm very analytics driven individual.
James Kennedy: I think, again to knowing it's like. There are issues. I mean, there's, there's not massive issues, but I see, you know, even with, you know, like one payer, it's like, why is this 9033 paying at a different rate? And I do, you know, I have all of our contractor rates and our Google Drive based on code, based on insurer, based on, you know, every single piece of information that I have to, to, to make it, you know, low friction to be able to look. But again, I don't necessarily get the answers. And we have a wonderful building specialist, but she is so busy with other, other sorts of things. So that to me isn't triggering. For sure.
Nathan Peereboom: Well, I mean, it's really easy. If you wanted us to do this, you know, it usually takes about a week and a half because we have to staff an engineer and an analyst on it. But what's great is that, you know, you send us log into your Valent and the Google Drive. Anything that you have that's related to payers. And we schedule a one hour meeting. And in that one hour meeting, I will just personally walk you through what the data says. And whether if you want to take your, you know, your, your billing analyst and, you know, pardon me.
James Kennedy: I'd love to have her. She, I mean, I know a lot, but she gets so disgranular about everything too.
James Kennedy: So like they, that would be, I mean, it's, you know, that's her language. And I think, you know, I'm fluent in it, but not, you know, significantly so she is. So I think that would be very interesting, I think too. It's just, it's hard to find the time to manually do any of these things. It's just, it's not.
Nathan Peereboom: Let me, let me make one other offer that you might find interesting. And this is, I think, a differentiator for us. So as you know, we are not the cheapest software out there. What we are though is we are white glove and part of our white glove approach to our customers is we actually like to spend our own money to come up and shadow you so that we can craft the software around your particular needs. I mean, you, you have a clinic that I'm sure has its own unique workflows, has its own like finicky things. And, and so that's another like offer I would make is if you would like, we would love to send our product manager up to the Boston area. And what she can do is she can actually just sit with you as you're going through your workflow or your clinician's workflow and help us craft Jot site continuously to be for you. You know where that, I mean, that, that's something that we don't do with like all of our clients. Obviously, it's like impossible and it's fairly expensive, but it's something that I think you would benefit from given that like it feels like our companies are sort of growing together and there's something kind of beautiful about that.
James Kennedy: Yeah. My gosh. I mean, 100%, I think that's incredible. And again, I really do. It was the game changer. I think it allowed me to sit there. And pivot from a part time situation to being able to do this full time. And I think even just with the new clinicians to be on board, their, their minds are blown. They're like, this is, I mean, I've got two new clinicians. They started, you know, about a month, month and a half ago. I'm telling you, it took two weeks maximum for them to sit there and be as proficient as almost anyone. And. That for me, I mean, it's just like notes are the worst part about what we do. And I know that that's not all that you, you know, there's a lot more that you're offering. But pragmatically speaking, I think for clinician state to day, like that is, it's the biggest game changer for them. It's like, it's not, you know, the hours and hours spent sitting here. I don't know what to write. I'm going to write everything or I'm just not going to write it all.
James Kennedy: And getting to the place where that never really was part of anybody's thought process. I think just let things start. Just from a much better place. It's like, no, we've got these amazing tools in these amazing companies we work with. And, you know, we've got. It's really made a massive, massive difference. And I mean, it's been amazing just seeing you. So, I mean, it's just every, every racial with Valentine, you know, you sit there, you buy an advantage. Nothing, nothing improves if they make an update. I swear it's aggressive.
James Kennedy: It's like, and I really do appreciate your dedication and really just, I mean, not even just getting to the space that you have, but just what you've done a little bit. The dictation of the notes. Yeah. But to do that while simultaneously, I mean the billing world. That's wild.
Nathan Peereboom: We're really excited. We're really excited. So why don't we do this? Let's set up some time for me to present the result. I mean, it sounds like you want to do the analysis. We're going to throw it in and it's like just complimentary. You guys won't pay for it or anything. We'll just roll it in for the next three months. I'm going to tally up like what the amount is that we're just going to give you guys in JotSych credit. And I'll like lay out like the different things that you can explore. And there's no pressure. You know, it's month to month. Everything is, you know, based on us continuing to just deliver a great product for you. And, you know, we want JotSync to be a thing that saves you money. We want it to be an investment where you're like every dollar I spend on Jotsack, I get back 10 times over in climb in revenue in my sense of peace of mind in the way that my clients, you know, appreciate interacting with me because I'm not on my computer. So everything we are trying to build for you is about making the cost of the software evaporate in relationship to the value.
James Kennedy: No, and it really has. I think. Especially for a therapist too, where like there, you know, before they'd have to be sitting here, it's like. Just be present. It's all that you have to do and pick it up afterwards. And I think for all of us, I mean it just allows you to grow and to be a better clinician. And patients, I mean, they pick up on that immediately.
James Kennedy: It's not looking down the entire time. So I really, I mean, that has been transformative for everybody.
Nathan Peereboom: Amazing. Well, that is music to my ears and I'm going to bring it back to the engineers, I promise. Okay, great. Well, let me just look at my calendar here. Let's see. James, do you, when is the soonest you think you could send over the login information as well as the, if you're open to it, the Google Drive so that we can look through that.
James Kennedy: I can. Google sheet. I think there's probably on that one page that you need that has all of our billing codes. So, I mean, I can download that and just package that over to you. That's pretty, pretty low lift. And as far as just a valid login, I can get you, you know, we have, I think it happens. Credentials will get you in there. With that. So different administrative staff have different permissions based on their job function. I'll probably give you Rihans just because she's our billing specialist.
James Kennedy: So I think everything that she would be touching is probably what you're looking for.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. As long as we can download the data, that's the most important thing.
James Kennedy: Awesome. Yeah, I can get that done. I can get that done this weekend. That shouldn't be more than 15 minutes.
Nathan Peereboom: Awesome. And then in terms of the presentation, how does. 1pm. On. April 8th sound to you?
James Kennedy: It looks good for me. Let me just double check because I want to make sure that we ends available for it. Can I just reach out to her today and then just reach out to you about what works for her?
Nathan Peereboom: Yep.
Nathan Peereboom: I'm going to put tentative. And let me. Add you guys. Perfect.
James Kennedy: I'll reach out to her today. I'll shoot you an email. That sounds great. All right. We're good. I think Jason had a little bit of feedback that he wanted to give you. Awesome. Do you want to touch base Jason? I'm just going to sign up.
Nathan Peereboom: I got to, I got a James so much.
James Kennedy: Absolutely. Take care.
Nathan Peereboom: Take care.
James Kennedy: Bye.
Jason Driscoll - New: No, I just won't take long. And there was, I don't know what gets pushed to you. Hopefully this does not. You're already so busy. But first of all, I love your product. I refer to. Dozens of people that are using your product. And I mean that genuinely. Like it saves me so much peace of mind. But this past week I've had a heck of a lot of trouble from. Transferring my old account. My personal account that I set up with you guys initially was getting charged. Whatever. We tend to transfer it. We thought we transferred it like six months ago to getting billed. To the company. Okay. Didn't happen. No big deal. When I emailed. Or I sent a message in the, they were actually rather frantic and I hate how I was communicating because it happened on. I said an email last week or a message last week. And then the middle of my morning on Monday or Tuesday, I forget which day. Yeah. Literally just transfer. They cut my old account off in the middle of the day. And then. Put the new account on, but none of my. And so none of the information I couldn't access my old information because they can't transfer between accounts. Right. So they set up a brand new account. I said, can you just put the new email address and the billing under the old one? So there was continuity there. It took me a little bit of time to get that. Settled. But then I lost all the sessions from the. New account because they shut that off. When they brought. Me back online with the old account.
Nathan Peereboom: Gotcha.
Jason Driscoll - New: I know this is rather trivial.
Nathan Peereboom: No, no, no, it's not trivial.
Jason Driscoll - New: I had like 30 patients. In like two days, which isn't a ton, but it's enough where it just kind of like slowed me down. And I wasn't able to get all the stuff I needed to get done because I was honestly I was hand jamming notes, which I'm like. I don't want to do this. This is why I have job psych, right? It's so funny. I used to be so proficient at handwriting notes and now I'm like, or hand typing them, but I'm like, they take me four minutes and I'm done. So long story long. Go ahead.
Nathan Peereboom: Sorry. Who, who did you talk to about this?
Jason Driscoll - New: I'm looking in my the chat bot. I don't know.
Nathan Peereboom: Let me. I can look it. I can look through it one sec. Let me go find this. So what is the thing that you are particularly wanting right now,
Jason Driscoll - New: Jason, is it would love to be able to just get access to those like 10 appointments I had. In the in the account that was set up that was new.
Nathan Peereboom: Right. Okay. Let me see.
Jason Driscoll - New: Okay. It's more of a want than a need. Honestly, Nathan. I can figure it out, but I've lost some continuity and that kind of golden thread between visits.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. Okay, let me, let's see here. The weird thing is that I don't see your other account, which is worrying to me. It's Jason. Let's see, the modern mentality one.
Jason Driscoll - New: Yeah. So what they did was they took, this was great. This is exactly what I asked to do initially. Take the. Jason used to be Jason.c.sko gmail was my old account forever. Now it's Jason at Monumentality and they transferred that email and that login to my old account.
Nathan Peereboom: They didn't transfer the email and log in because we don't actually control that. Here's what I'm going to do.
Jason Driscoll - New: I didn't transfer anything and all of a sudden when I logged in. All my old information now is somehow present. And I'm like, I don't even care how it's done when I got in yesterday. I was like ready to rock and it was good to go. Which was perfect. But then I lost all the previous three days of work.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay. So what it looks like on my end is that you have two different accounts. You have a JSON modern mentality.com that I think is. Off.
Jason Driscoll - New: No. I don't think so. I'm on it right now. And as I if I click on my icon, JSON at modern mentality.com email has been verified. That's, that is what I have up and running.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay.
Jason Driscoll - New: What about the JSON.c.school@gmail.com let me just try to log into that for you. Okay. And I don't want to keep you. I know you probably didn't only had a half hour here.
Nathan Peereboom: No, no, that's okay. That's all right.
Jason Driscoll - New: And I hate doing this.
Nathan Peereboom: Trivia. No, this is you're not alone, Jason. We don't control login information. It's more HIPAA compliant for us to just make that something that is like, we use the same system that like Google and Facebook use. And so a lot of people do ask us to do these like email password flip flops and we can't. So what I bet was done. Well, actually I just don't know.
Jason Driscoll - New: So let me let's see what happens to the other account. Doesn't exist.
Nathan Peereboom: The Gmail one.
Jason Driscoll - New: Yep.
Nathan Peereboom: Did you click continue with Gmail or did you click, did you log in by typing in the Gmail account?
Jason Driscoll - New: Typed in the Gmail account.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay. Can you try continue with Google and see if that works?
Jason Driscoll - New: Let me just open up another window so I have it
Nathan Peereboom: because it looks like you're active on this account on this Gmail account.
Jason Driscoll - New: It's funny because the one I'm looking at I use today, I only I don't see patients on Friday, but I had one session today. And the one I used, the one I'm logging in under is Jason at modern mentality.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay.
Jason Driscoll - New: All right, let's look this up. I don't know why now it's doing this thing. It was doing the other day where it's just like looping and not allowing.
Nathan Peereboom: You. Could you clear your cookies?
Jason Driscoll - New: Yeah, I did that the other day. I had to do that. I am worried about doing this because now I'm worried about it logging me out of the one that's working.
Nathan Peereboom: You'll be able to get back into that other one though. As long as you have the pass. Well, you can always do forgot password and you'll get a password reset.
Jason Driscoll - New: All right. I'll just clear. Last four weeks.
Nathan Peereboom: Any luck there? Did it did it come through? Hey Jason, can you hear me okay?
Jason Driscoll - New: Sorry that logged me out as soon as I cleared cookies.
Jason Driscoll - New: So oh yeah I know enough about that. I know that would happen. Sorry I'm going to continue with Google right now.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay perfect. Just writing down notes for our first for our support team. Probably what's going to happen is I'm going to need you to meet with Lee.
Jason Driscoll - New: Whatever you need me to do. I do have to run here in a few minutes because I have to go get my kids off the bus. But now as I look at I have two screens up. Jason at Jason.cscall gmail is active. And my JSON at modern mentality is active.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay. When you look at the Gmail account one are the notes that you feel are missing are they there?
Jason Driscoll - New: All my yeah, these are all my notes. At the Gmail.
Jason Driscoll - New: So the Gmail less the ones that were on that I had like 10 or 12 notes on that I had for like. 10 hours off of between two days.
Nathan Peereboom: Gotcha and that's those 10 notes are on the modern mentality address.
Jason Driscoll - New: Now now those are gone completely.
Jason Driscoll - New: They're just gone completely the modern mentality one and the Gmail one now marry each other. Which is. Great.
Jason Driscoll - New: But I'm missing 10 nodes and I wrote the notes and they're done like that's fine
Nathan Peereboom: but I see no I see I see why you want them though because of the patient continuity you do me a favor. And I have no idea what happened here.
Jason Driscoll - New: Honestly Nathan it was working so I'm like. I don't even care. Okay well. We can figure everything else out. I just want the biggest thing for me was maybe figuring out how to get maybe those notes back if I can't it's not the end of the world.
Nathan Peereboom: The last ditch effort cuz I'm thinking like okay what could have happened here? I have no idea but maybe you or our support team. Deleted them like as they were doing the transition
Jason Driscoll - New: you haven't deleted a note from you in the history of ever.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay well why don't you do this? Do you remember the times like the time gap that the notes were taken doesn't have to be exact but even if it's just like hey it's March 17 from 10:00 a.m. to 8:00 PM what I can do is I can go have our engineers look and see if we have any transcripts left.
Jason Driscoll - New: And if we have anyone's time youe sure yeah you guys are busy enough like okay my concern is I come in on Monday and now nothing's working again.
Nathan Peereboom: That should not happen what makes you feel worried about that
Jason Driscoll - New: because right now I have two accounts and I want to know which one to use
Nathan Peereboom: you should use the modern mentality so
Jason Driscoll - New: I'm going to just log out here
Nathan Peereboom: log out of the Gmail one don't ever go back
Jason Driscoll - New: to it and now sign in differently. Now Jason at modern hyphen mentality. Let's make sure now just. Come on. My computer knows it's a Friday afternoon.
Nathan Peereboom: Come on worries yeah my brain knows it's a Friday afternoon yeah
Jason Driscoll - New: I'm not in the office too often on Fridays but. So I'm just logging in here I did clear the. Can I share my screen?
Nathan Peereboom: Great.
Jason Driscoll - New: I have nothing really running I don't I don't.
Nathan Peereboom: This is I think the problem of being on your presentation yeah okay yeah. Jason if you need anything just like email me but I think that you should be in an okay situation as long as you log out of this call and then
Jason Driscoll - New: like get yeah I'll try it when I get done. Okay set up go enjoy the rest of your day I'll talk thank you have a wonderful weekend thank you bye bye.