Becca Bressler: Hey, Amanda.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Hey. How are you doing?
Becca Bressler: Long time no see. I spoke to you a while back. I don't know if you remember, but. Yeah, it's been a while.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Yeah, but. Well, I mean, you've been busy. Y' all have been busy. Y' all been doing a lot of updates, and I've been busy, so. Hey, I understand. I talked to Nate the other day. I was like, man, I got. I just was making. I was looking into the new year because our contract is going to be up with our EHR in June. So I was kind of like, are we going to be ready by June to transfer over to jot Psych or, you know, where we were at, basically? And he said that the E prescribe was ready, so I wanted to start that. We talked about the billing a little bit, and then we're going to talk about that some more on Friday. So it looks you're making progress. Amazing.
Becca Bressler: No, I know.
Becca Bressler: We're so excited about it. We. So am I getting you guys on our prescription right now, or am I demoing you? Like, we can get you signed up right now?
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Well, You might as well. My plan is to switch over to JOT Psych. I would like to be able to prescribe from within jot psych where I'm seeing the patient. I do 90% of everything I do in jot psych. Okay.
Becca Bressler: Yeah.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: And then it just gets copied over into my EHR I have now. And the only thing I'm really using my EHR for that I'm paying for is to submit my billing to my billing company and to. I use our scheduler because your scheduler is not updated. Where my secretary and my other staff can see my calendar. So I do use the calendar. We do the billing through there and I send my prescriptions. That's it. I mean, like in reports, you know, obviously, since all of the accounting is in there. So that all kind of goes in with the billing. So really all I am just steadily moving over everything to JOT Psych as it's ready. But yes, and my other prescribers. Every prescriber that I have in house is doing the same. We are all working the same. So we have three prescribers right now, me, Kathy and Katie. And I'm sure they don't care which be prescribed that they use. It's probably the same one we use. I think everybody kind of connects to the same thing.
Becca Bressler: Okay, so I'm getting you guys all signed up today is what I'm hearing.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Basically get me signed up. Let me try and see how easy it is. And then what I might do is email you. If the other two want to go ahead and get onboarded, then we will do that.
Becca Bressler: Okay.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Definitely get me on there today so I can try it out. I am the. So I don't know everything, but I am the tech savvy person. My. And Kathy is pretty good with computers. My girl up in Kansas City, I have to explain at least three times before she finally gets it. So it's just not compute. She's not.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: And you would go with paper. She can do it.
Becca Bressler: So, Amanda, Okay, I'm gonna get you set up. Can you share your screen so I can walk you through the ongoing.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Which button it is here? Let's see. See? Share screen. Which screen do you need to see?
Becca Bressler: My job I'm gonna want you to show. So actually, can you share a window? Because you're going to be going back and forth between two softwares to set this up. And so I want to. Yeah. Be able to see both so I can help you.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Okay. And so that's my. My job. Like I've been working on footing my. So can I ask you just a really quick question?
Becca Bressler: Yeah.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: You may or may not know the answer because the calendar is screwing stuff up. And I know why it is, because when I say follow up, I changed just the therapy follow up. So it would. But it's putting it under therapy follow up, and I need to get rid of, like, How do I get rid of the extra appointment types that we don't use on a regular basis? Because I got two of these and when I say I'm going to put them on a follow up, it's, yeah, I got you See what I've got? I got two.
Becca Bressler: You're not the first person to bring this up. We. So as you notice, you can't delete it right now, but within the next like week and a half you'll be able to. We have, this is like a, we have a couple days where we're like knocking out these little things. And so that'll be.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: I just figured there was something that I could do easily and I was just missing out. I went into the help section and then everything was in there except for delete and the article.
Becca Bressler: I was like, no, that's an oversight on our part. But we'll, we'll be like, okay, that's part of it.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: This is, this is why we do the beta. So it's all good.
Becca Bressler: Okay, so Amanda, to start, can you go to your practice up top and click Clinicians.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Oh, I see what you're saying.
Becca Bressler: So the first thing to get you set up is next to your name. Amanda, can you click that pencil icon? Oh, interesting. Okay, exit out of this.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Okay.
Becca Bressler: And will you just refresh this page? This might just take a second to make sure you're like, Okay, now try again. Let's see if it's there. Yeah. Okay, so you see jaw RX at the bottom, add on. So you're going to select that.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Okay.
Becca Bressler: And hit save changes.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Okay.
Becca Bressler: Okay, so now that you have this add on next, what you're going to do is you're going to select Practice settings. So do you see the Practice settings tab on that page? There's like a few tabs. Yeah, right there. Now if you're going to scroll down and you see connect to E prescribe. Okay, so this is step one. So this is getting your whole clinic, basically a clinic in dose spot. Then there's a next step which is like each of the clinicians, yourself included, signing up with your personal credentials. But this is to get your whole clinic enabled.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Okay, hang on to this and, and set up.
Becca Bressler: Maybe you've experienced this with other setups. It's a bit involved. So you're going to have to share some like Social Security credit card number. You know, hopefully nothing is too surprising, but just to kind of warn you,
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: yeah, they pull it off your credit report, I believe.
Becca Bressler: So then the next step is can you click AM in the top right corner. That Amanda, you're kind of saying. Settings. Yeah. So now you're on the clinicians page. So you see E prescription. We need to continue filling that out. So scroll down E prescriptions. Great. So this is going to be pulling from most of your information. You just kind of got to finish setting it and then. Do you prescribe controlled substances?
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: I do.
Becca Bressler: Okay, so you're going to select the toggle at the bottom and then add your DEA number.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Girl, you would ask me something. Let me get my little.
Becca Bressler: You're so prepared. Look at this.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Listen, all my girls have this Excel sheet that has all the providers, numbers and stuff on it because it is like my lifesaver and I. I keep this stuff. I mean, we always need it for something. It's always a number.
Becca Bressler: Amanda, do you have multiple DEA numbers? Like, do you prescribe in multiple states? Just one.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Okay, so I'm on the state line and Missouri, and I just. The people I prescribe to, they'll like come over here and then they live in Missouri, Missouri. The towns on the state line here where we're at, they just take my. Arkansas dea. They don't worry about it. Now I'm licensed in three states, but I really only practice in Arkansas. And so this is the only one we really need. 264-6923. Okay, that's okay.
Becca Bressler: Got it. So register for E prescribe. So now the next step is you're going to open Dospot and you're going to start the, like, identity proofing process. So. So. And this is going to open a new tab. Do you mind just sharing your other tab with me so I can help you where needed?
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: We are. See, it's called prescribing abs. Yes, Well. Oh, there it is. I feel like I did something wrong. All right, do we need to watch this video?
Becca Bressler: No, you can't exit out of that. You can exit out of that.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Okay, I'm trying to fix my camera. I've got my camera. Look.
Becca Bressler: So, okay, so there's a legal agreement that you have to sign and then. And then the identity proofing step.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Okay. I sign my life away multiple times a day.
Becca Bressler: See, you've reached a state of acceptance with it.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Yeah, the girl. I don't. So this is awful for us probably, but, like, the girls just bring me papers and I just sign them and half the time I don't know what they are. They're usually like orders for home health or, you know, something. I mean, I gotta sign it anyways or they're gonna pound me to death. And then all the people. Prescribing is in the system, so I. I don't have those I can look at. Figure. You know what? I think I may have put the wrong address on. I think I may put the wrong city and state on the clinic thing.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: In jot site, I can I check and see if I put Kennet, Missouri or if I put Pickett, Arkansas. I live in Kennett, Missouri, so I have to catch myself.
Becca Bressler: Let me see if I can edit it.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Credit card number. What do we have? Let's see. Let's get you a credit card. Is this a credit card that's going to be billed or is this just for the idea?
Becca Bressler: I'm not sure. Yeah, I think it's just for identity proofing, basically.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: That's what I thought. Whatever. I'm like sure because I don't have the. Well, I got a picture of it. I guess my husband's got my business card. We've been doing some construction.
Becca Bressler: So you put Missouri in your clinic info. Is that right or wrong?
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Okay, that's wrong. It's Pigot, Arkansas and a different zip code. I live in Missouri. Like I said, I'm on the state line here. It takes me like 10 minutes to get to my clinic.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: It's easier for me.
Becca Bressler: So it's 180South Thornton Ave. Kennett.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: No, Piggot P I G G O T T
Becca Bressler: P I G G E T T O T T O T T. And then Arkansas. Arkansas.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: And then the zip code I can give to you when you're ready.
Becca Bressler: Yeah, I'm ready.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: 724-547-2454.
Becca Bressler: But it is 180 South Thornton Ave.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Okay, great. Yeah, I do that sometimes. I'll put it in the right street, but I'll just like go back to Ken and I don't know why I do that, but I do.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: And read this license number. It's crazy long.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: They quit putting the Social Security numbers on our driver's license a long time ago. And I surely don't know the answer to that number. Messages sent to your phone.
Becca Bressler: Yeah. So this step gets a little bit complicated. So you should get two texts. But start with the first one that you got.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Oh, it's the face. I did facial recognition.
Becca Bressler: Yeah, it's just a part of the identity proofing document.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: They needed that. Capture photo.
Becca Bressler: Yes.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Take a selfish. Sure, why not? I don't know how. I guess it does it itself.
Becca Bressler: Yeah. Once you just kind of get it in the right spot, it'll might take a second but you just kind of hold it.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: There we go. Oh Lord. My hair has gotten long now, but it trimmed recently and didn't realize how long it's gotten.
Becca Bressler: Amazing. Okay, so the next thing, the next step here is I have to make sure that you can. There's going to be a two factor identification process for, for the controlled substance prescribing. So just give me one second while I make sure we enabled that. Okay, so give it like 30 seconds. Then I'm going to ask you to refresh this page again.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: I got one other thing that I need to do and I don't know if you guys have prepared for this or not, but I need, I need for a collaborative doctor to be able to get in here and sign off prescriptions. Yeah. And I don't know how much you guys are charging for because she's not going to do anything else. She's not going to be doing notes. She doesn't see anybody. I was like, literally she collaborates with us and like in Arkansas every six months the doctor has to send the prescription for like the Adderall. So I know talking about we.
Becca Bressler: So that is actually something I'm looking into this week started coming up. So we'll definitely be supporting that. I don't have a good answer for you about like pricing on that.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: I'll just prescribe those out of my Valent until you guys get an answer for it. Because what I do in Valent is like when I'm in, it actually is like a, an interface and it takes me to arcopia, which is Dr. Spurs and all those people. And then all I do is. On the prescriber, it has a drop down of all of our prescribers and I just change it to Dr. Huffman. And then she sees on her screen that she has a prescription to sign off and then she'll just go and I'll text her and say, hey, when you get a chance, you know, sign up on the script. And then she'll just go sign it off. Now with my other prescriber, I'm independent. My nurse, my other nurse practitioner is not yet. So she has to sign off what, five charts a month or something? Not like, not anything big, but I got, so I got that collaborator and then I'm gonna have the same thing up in Missouri. She's got a different collaborator up there. That again, he's in like Chattanooga, Tennessee or something. He doesn't see patients, all he does is send in the controlled substances.
Becca Bressler: Got it. So can you just like break out for me actually the specifics of the different roles? So there's like collaborator. Is that the same thing as like a supervisor? Basically. Okay, so. So that's what it is. Okay, great. And how does it work in Valent? Do they have a Valent account or.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Yes, she has a login and I don't think they, I don't know that they charge me for her. If they do, they only charge me like $50 a month. That's not usually very much when they. Since I don't see patients.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Yeah, she's got to have access to charts. She's got to be able to sign off the prescriptions. But. And she doesn't sign off every chart. It's only. We just have to have the ability to. For her to go in there and do a chart review and just click a button and say, hey, I review. I reviewed the chart and the treatment plan kind of thing. But it needs to be done in a fashion. This is where ehr screw up sometimes and it causes a lot of trouble. It needs to be a billable note as soon as the nurse practitioner signs it, even if the doctor's not signed it yet. Because what happens sometimes is that won't go to billing until the doctor signed it, even though it's not even being billed under the doctor. And if that doctor doesn't go in and sign their charts for a month, then that's a chart setting there with billing.
Becca Bressler: So has to sign it though legally because they're like a supervisor. Is that what you're saying?
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Or so every state has it. So this is why nurse practitioners can't get a multi state license. Is because every state has a different rule for nurse practitioners. So I work in Arkansas because, number one, after so many hours, I can become independent. And I don't need a collaborator. I don't have to have a collaborator for either one of my specialties because I've been a nurse practitioner for 15 years, so I'm like, way over the hours. But my other nurse practitioner that's in here with me, she's less than the three years, so she has to have a collaborator to sign. And what ours says on hers is five or 15 notes every quarter. Order. It's not very many that she has to review and sign. That's what the state board of nursing requires. Now I have a clinic in Missouri. The rules in Missouri are different. The rules in Missouri do not allow nurse practitioners to write Adderall. So Katie has to send all of her prescriptions for Adderall to Cody, who is another collaborative that we had for her because she's too far away from my collaborator. So we pay for him and all he does is like he sits down with her and every two weeks they're supposed to basically he has to sign off on or I think what she's doing is a different way. She's just sending him notes of review and having him sign that he reviewed them. But either way he has to be able to get in there and sign those controlled substance because she does the same thing. She just changes it to him and lets him know how you got a script that I need you to send and then they'll go in there and send that prescription. So Missouri is a lot more restrictive. They can't have independent practice. There's just a whole lot of rules in Missouri that are just stupid. They have been battling in the our Senate and stuff. I'm trying to get independent practice in Missouri, but Missouri is considered a battleground state. So if we get it in the next five years, I'll be shocked. But Arkansas is a lot easier. And the only reason that like I said, I have to keep anybody is that every six month rule they're supposed to change and you know, like, you know how an act of Congress is, it takes forever.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: So they just haven't done it yet.
Becca Bressler: Yeah, totally. Okay, cool. That's really helpful context. So, Amanda, can you refresh your screen now? Okay, do you see the red dot in the bell notification? All right, so this is going to take you through the two factor authentication for controlled substances.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Okay. So this goes through Duo. Okay. I do believe I have a Duo app on here from when I worked.
Becca Bressler: Yeah, it should send you a link to help you download it here if you aren't redirected.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Or you cannot open the page because that address is invalid. Says I can't it can't open it.
Becca Bressler: Oh. So did you get a second text by any chance? You.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: I got one. Yeah. I got one that says. Says, I don't know if you can see. It just says do all at the top and it says adding your account to do on mobile. Tap here if you aren't redirected. That's all it says on it. So when I tap on re. You know that if. Tap here, if you're not redirected, it says Safari cannot open the page because the address is invalid.
Becca Bressler: Do you have. That's interesting.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: I think I have this app. Let me see. It seemed like I used to because I think that's what I used when. So there's two now. That's the DOE spot. There's two on here. Install to do on mobile. Okay, hang on. That may be my problem. There was two. Okay, let me just redownload it here real quick. It shouldn't take very long. I used Duo when I was in. It's been a long time. I worked in an ER up in Pauper Bluff and they use Duo for this. Add your account what you need. I'm going to the in house cafe. If you. If you just bring me back a Mountain Dew, I'll be content. All right. It says use QR code or use activation code.
Becca Bressler: Okay. Yes. Now do you see a different text message? I think that. So then go to the second text message.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Go back to the messages. Now let me click that second message. Allow next account name, username or email will be displayed for this account. So they want me to put my email in here. Does username or email to be displayed for this account? Well, we're going to do email because I can remember that. Account link linked. This is. Next, let's practice how to protect your identity. So there's a practice and a skip.
Becca Bressler: What are you seeing?
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Sorry, it took me. It says account LinkedIn. Next, let's practice how to protect your identity. And then it's got practice now.
Becca Bressler: And you can click next on the screen then on the, on the do spot. Not the comp, not the phone, but the computer.
Becca Bressler: Okay, I think let's try that. So the passcode. Do you see a pass like a code in the Duo app?
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Well, okay, so this is weird. I'm gonna pull this down. Passcode show. Yes.
Becca Bressler: Okay, great. So you're gonna type that into the passcode and then the pin number is for you to choose. It makes it look like you've already done it for whatever reason. But this is your four digit pin, whatever you want it to be, and then you're going to submit. Okay, so now you're set up for prescribing. So let me just walk you through how this works, though. If you go back to JOT Psych.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Let me go back to JOT Psych and let me reshare my screen. Yeah, I would have totally screwed that up if you hadn't walked me through that.
Becca Bressler: No, I know this is something we're trying to figure out, Amanda, because it's outside of JOT Psych's application, so we don't really know how to guide people to it.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: I think most of your prescribers, unless they're new, if you can get them to the app and get them to where they need to go, then they're going to be pretty intuitive because they're all pretty, well, the same. I know that this duo was a little different, but I used it before and it's been, like I said, a long time. It's been about five years since I did it.
Becca Bressler: So, Amanda, I want to walk you through how this works. So can you go to a patient who is an upcoming patient who you maybe are going to be prescribing to just to show you how this kind of gets set up.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Actually, I've got a patient that needs me to send something right now.
Becca Bressler: Oh, amazing.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Because she is felt and hurt herself.
Becca Bressler: So if you scroll down to the medication part of this page, and we're going to be moving some of this around so that it's, like, more intuitive. But do you see how it says connect for ERX in the medication panel? Yeah. So for your patients, you're going to have to transfer over there. Oh, it looks like you already have their information. So if you just go ahead
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: and everything but insurance information in here on most of my people, because when I first signed up Nate or Jackson, like, they imported my. I think they did. They imported the patients I had at the time. Now, my new patients may. I may have to add some stuff since then, but my patients. Okay, Forever. Yeah, they're in here.
Becca Bressler: So click Connect patient. And once you do that, can you. Can you refresh the screen? That's interesting that it's grayed out.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: No, it opened a new tab.
Becca Bressler: Oh, it opened a new tab. Okay, great.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: So you're in dose.
Becca Bressler: Do you want to then share your dose spot tab? I can walk you through this.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: I'm trying to find it here. Let me see if that's it.
Becca Bressler: Okay, great. So you've got your patient. So then, first things. Thing is, yeah, it looks like there's no default pharmacy, but. But, yeah, do you want to just try walking through this and I can watch you and. And you can ask me questions?
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Let me find out for sure which pharma real quick. She has pulled her up. Her son has been. He's called like three times. But I had like, one patient after another. So come on today, Get into Arcopia real quick because that's where all that is. Marmaduke. So we need to add the pharmacy. Pharmacy as preferred. Yes, please do that. Okay. And what's this? Update default pharmacies. Do you know?
Becca Bressler: Oh, that's just. So I think you have to select it because I think that you are. Yeah.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: For her default pharmacy. But I don't know if this button down here makes it a favorite for me or if it just makes it as a pharmacy. That's not my most used pharmacy.
Becca Bressler: But I think this just updates this patient, though. If you click update default pharmacies.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Yeah, yeah, that's for the patient. Okay, now.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: So now you want to go add a prescription? Well, to go what? Add prescription?
Becca Bressler: Yeah, you want to add a prescription.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Okay, so this medication history, does that pull in their history of their medicines?
Becca Bressler: It should, yeah. Let's see.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Does that. Hang on. Somebody's going to need to answer the door. Nathan left. How did. Oh, goodness, this looks interesting. All right, I'll go back to that later. Let's just say I know what she's on. All right, so add prescription search medicine. Let me make sure that they went and answered the door.
Becca Bressler: Yeah, sure.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Night and last. My front desk person is my son, but he. I guess he thinks if he tells me, everybody knows. That. Hey, I'm leaving. There's the 5325. There it is. Ready?
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Can I ask you, Amanda, do you have to put in the ICD10 code? I never. I never have on anything. Let me take it back. There are a few medicines now that are requiring us to put in an ICD10 code, so. But there's very few. It'll be like things like the weight loss drugs. When people are using them for weight loss instead of for diabetes, they want a diabetes diagnosis code in there or something like that so they know that they're what they're paying for.
Becca Bressler: Got it.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Three times a day. Three times a day as needed. That's four times a day is needed. Okay, then she should go back to Nick's. Got a dosing calculator is for weight. Pharmacy notes. That's nothing. All right, so just create medication, I suppose.
Becca Bressler: Yeah.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Okay. And then shirts are at hydrocodone. One tablet, three times a day as needed for five days. I do 90% psychiatry, but I used to do family practice for years. So the only one that I do, I only take patients that I've had before. So I only have like, maybe. Maybe 3 to 5% of my patients are family practice, and this is one of them. All right. Just got my DEA number in there. That looks good. Please check the control substance. Oh, it's got the P. PMP Aware. I wonder if it'll make me do that before which I gotta do that anyway.
Becca Bressler: I don't know if you have to. I don't. Like, you might be able to.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: So. Like when my passwords expire. But I'll get in there and check it this afternoon and fix it. I hadn't been logged in in a while, so in Arkansas, before every control, before every schedule. Two pain medicine, not anything else. You have to check it. And then for benzodiazepine, it's once every six months. So it's going to be different in every state. Ain't nothing easy.
Becca Bressler: Yeah. So then you're just gonna have to like, confirm it with Duo.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Cool. That's easy enough.
Becca Bressler: Amazing.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Okay, do that.
Becca Bressler: Okay, this is it. This is. This is Dospot.
Becca Bressler: I can send you some additional information about, like, what it can do, what other things you can do in Dosebot as far as, like, you know, pharmacy benefits, you know, etc. Etc. So let me just do that. It's a link that has more resources. I'm going to send you that via email right now. And then. Yeah.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Will you just keep us curious if there is a way. So there's patient overview, use a red one beside it. I wonder what that means.
Becca Bressler: Yeah, what is.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: It's got. It says patient overview and it's got a red one beside it. I'm not sure.
Becca Bressler: What is the notification? There's a red notification in the upper right hand corner.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: One transmission. Sender does not make control.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Oh, directory requirements. I don't know what that means.
Becca Bressler: Can. Do you think maybe you have to open. Get into the pdmp?
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: I don't know. Let me. Let me fix my password here because it's been a little bit. Text me code. Yes, please. Verification code. Tell you what. If I. I have to turn around and go get my phone. If I forget it at home, I cannot work without my phone. It's bad.
Becca Bressler: Is it possible that your DEA number was entered incorrectly or no?
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Well, it's possible, but I did look at it like. Like three times to make sure it was right.
Becca Bressler: But yeah, let me just look in on my end really quickly.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: And it may be that if they have it set where. You have to check that PDMP first. If it's done by state. All right. Update password. Yes, please. This password cannot be reused. Oh, by me. Come on. I only have some. Let's see. I haven't used many. I don't think. Awful. I got five kids and three green kids and. I still run out of passwords. Finally update the password. All right, let me go back in here, and let's hit resend. And let me hit this. PDMP aware. It should log me in from there. I wonder if it'll let me do it and then go back to it. Let's see if it does. Bamboo. Sure. You know, whatever. Bamboo ain't never had anything fixed. Specialty, dance practice stock. Other specialties. Primary care emergency. Okay, got my employer right. My fax number needs fixed and. Okay, you can tell this is old. How long it's been. Where's this. See, primary contact, 870-5701. And then my facts is 8, 7 hours, 62. Specialty. We're just. We're gonna go with that. I don't know if it'll let me do both of them, but. Where'd it put them? Let's see what it. Yeah, it's connected straight to pdmp. Because when I log in pdmp, it doesn't make me do this usually. Okay, so I have to go to search patient. It'd be nice if it just pulled up the patient for me, Isabel Morales. And you have to put in their date of birth. This lady's gonna mess around and die on me. She fell and she's broke some ribs.
Becca Bressler: Oh, no, not fun. That's horrible.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: The last time she fell, she ended up brain surgery, so. But that was a couple years ago. So I've checked it. I don't see anything crazy. Right. View linked records. It's fine. Let's go back. We checked it. We're gonna sign it off again.
Becca Bressler: Yeah, let's see what happens. Because, Amanda, you're like the fourth person we've got on this. So it's really helpful if this is like an error that you're getting that we can squash this before we roll it out to more people.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: So.
Becca Bressler: Yeah. So are you checking your phone for another authentication validation code?
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: No, actually it should be this duo.
Becca Bressler: Okay, let's see.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Successfully resent. Let's go back to.
Becca Bressler: Let's see. It's current, so no results. So can you refresh your page?
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: That's probably what I need to do.
Becca Bressler: Okay. It looks like it's still. Okay, so. So, okay, this is super helpful. Can you grab your DEA number again? And I'm just going to read you what we have back here.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Okay, I'm ready.
Becca Bressler: So M as in mother, s as in soccer, 2646923.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Yep, that's right.
Becca Bressler: Okay, Let's see.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Girl, somebody else is knocking again.
Becca Bressler: So let's make sure this is not like a location based thing. So what was the PDMP that you opened? What state was it for? Sorry, if you don't mind.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: That's okay. It's my Arkansas one. Let me pull you up here what it looks like. So it's my Arkansas one. I only check Arkansas. I can check like when I do a search. Let me go back and can I just
Becca Bressler: say your clinic information back to you. So, yep. Okay, so Piglet is a city P I G G.
Becca Bressler: Correct zip is 72454. And then clinic. Sella Health. What might this.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: But I don't. But mine is Arkansas. You can see up here, it's got the Arkansas symbol up at the top. And so if I want to check other states, I can. But if you see our little bordering state, Missouri is the only one that's not on the pdmp, so I can't check Missouri. So I only check Arkansas unless I know they've come over from Tennessee or something.
Becca Bressler: Okay, Amanda, I'm gonna have to talk to. Let me see. I just sent a. Let's see.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: But it's saying it's something to do with me, so I don't know.
Becca Bressler: Did you ever get confirmation that your EPCS was active? Yeah, you would have been told.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Did you prescribe a controlled substance?
Becca Bressler: That's what you did prescribe? Yeah.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Yeah, I prescribed a controlled substance. Let me open back up this Duo app. Now, there's a AD account, but it already has my account from. You know, we did that because we put in the code. There's a troubleshoot button. Let's see here. Check my accounts. And it. They all check. It's checked all green so far. I'm not sure. It says no issues are found. I don't know. So there's a set prescriber. It won't let me do anything with it. So this would be like. You see where it says on behalf of.
Becca Bressler: Yeah, that's what it would be like for the.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: That would be where I could set, like Dr. Huffman or whatever. And I guess if I had more than one clinic. But I'm. This is. I don't. I have more than one clinic, but I don't work up any other clinic.
Becca Bressler: Okay, Amanda, I'm gonna go try and get more information about this, and then can I just follow up with you over email? But this is an error we actually haven't seen before, so we appreciate you helping us work out the kinks here.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: You're welcome. I'm gonna go ahead and send it in my other system.
Becca Bressler: Yeah, yeah, definitely.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Yeah. Do you got the air. The item 900 description and all that good stuff?
Becca Bressler: Can you actually. The description. I don't. Let me see. I think I have a screenshot of it, so let me just make sure that the numbers visible. Yeah. Item 900. Yeah, I got it, I got it, I got it. Okay.
Becca Bressler: Thank you so much, though, and I'll.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: I'll get back. You're very welcome. I'm excited to get this hooked up and going. I'm so proud to do that, because this is one step closer to getting just moved over to you guys.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Yeah, I'm excited about it.
Becca Bressler: We're excited, and we're so happy to have you with us all the way along this journey. You've been just, like, the best consultant, cheerleader, you know, all the things. So we're really great.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: I will say I am your biggest cheerleader around here.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: And actually, I had somebody message me last night, or not for last, and asking me how if I used JOT SOC for my Spravato. I said, well, I use it for my documentation to get Spravato approved, but I don't use it. It's not feasible for the Spravato treatment room. We use a template for that. And so I was trying to explain to her because she's fixing to set up a Spravato treatment center, like, what I have. And so she was emailing me, so her and her girl, I'm gonna have to start charging some consulting fees. Seriously. I'm serious. Because, like, which this lady is a friend of mine, so I will charge her, but I have people calling me, like, from all over, and she's coming down. She's like an hour and a half away from me, and she's going to come on a Friday when we're not open, so I can show her kind of our workflow, how our books are for Spravato, how I use Jotsack for getting it approved, and. Make sure she's got the same templates that I have. I think I emailed them to her, so I think she's got it, but I need to make sure she's got my updated one. And so. And I've already went to one clinic and did a demo and everything for them, but it was one of my collaborators. And she's like, I don't know what you're doing, but whatever you're doing, I wanted at my clinic. And I'm like, well, I'm having gallbladder surgery tomorrow, but. But anyways, I went over there, showed her whole group how to do it. And I don't know. I don't think they. I don't know if they ultimately got it set up or not. I'm going to ask her when I talk to her, she's working with me to argue with the nursing home about a patient. But when I talk term, we'll see if she got it set up. But I do. I'm starting to get a lot of phone calls because everybody wants to know the biggest thing is the Spravato for us. I mean, which. We use it for everything, obviously, but the. This revital template that I think Jackson built it for me, it is phenomenal.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: It is phenomenal. And guys, I don't care who you share it with. Share it with whoever you want. I mean, I don't have, like, any claim to that, but I will tell you, we have a 100% success rate of getting that drug approved. And that is a very expensive drug.
Becca Bressler: And is it hard to get approved too? Like, absolutely.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: The drug reps are, like, shocked. And they have sent drug reps from three different states to figure. Figure out what we're doing different than every other treatment.
Becca Bressler: Do you think it's the template or it is.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: It is, because I sent him the broad criteria for all the insurance companies, what they require for that. And so it automatically, however he said it, I don't like. He's smarter than I am. So he set it up so that, like, while I'm doing my regular visit, I mean, hits filling in the answers for me as I go on my Spravato template. And I do it the screener. I do it on every patient whether. Whether I'm going to use bravado or not. And so it's there. We need it. And so what happens is that even it makes the documentation criteria really easy for the insurance company to see. They will deny it most of the time, the first time. But then what my nurse does is she takes that template in my note, and. And then she prints off their Svado policy and highlights everything on there, all the criteria we've met, which is on my notes. And she highlights, marks my note and sends a letter of medical necessity that they have met all the criteria. Well, they can't argue with their own policy, and they can't argue with my documentation, because that template puts it marks every criteria down for them, and they cannot. It is bullshitting. They cannot get past it. And he did that template, which I sent him, the, you know, what needed to be on it, but he had that built, you know, less than a couple of hours, and. And I thought, well, we're gonna see how this goes. And it has been so good. It has been so. So helpful. And so I only use just my template that I created because it has that on there. Because I may decide two visits down the road that, okay, this is not working. We're going to need to try to do spravato. This is getting desperate. Well, I've already got the criteria in my previous notes and the note from that day. So of course you got to know the questions to kind of ask too. But I mean it documents it for you. It is such a blessing on that. And that has been the claim to fame around here. To it. And that is what attracts more attention to our clinic. And then once they see Jotzite work in general, then they're like, well, that would work for this. Or we would love that in our clinic in general.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: That's how that works. So it starts out usually as the, hey, help me with this provider treatment center. And then how are you doing that? And then so the drug reps. It's the drug reps. The drug reps are going around to the different treatment centers and they can't figure out. So they're having all these denials and they can't figure out why do they have these denials? Why can't they get past the denials? Why can't their appeals get approved? I said they had their documentation has to be a certain way. And I said that jot science just got it fixed for me. Where that's amazing.
Becca Bressler: We could be marketing ourselves for this particular.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: You really could. And you could use, I mean, my. The template that I have in there. They need to be. That needs to be in the regular note. Like you can see my Salah NP note. It's in every one of them. And how he built it in there. It's just. I really like how it's just another section. It's just bravado screening. And so any of the prescribers that are doing that, they need that in their note. And I don't will tell you, if they know it's available and know it's something that can stick in their note and they have a treatment center, it will change the way that patient access to that drug is because we. I mean, they are absolutely shocked. The only reason that our patients will not get that drug if they. If they need it is if their insurance has a huge copay that they can't pay on the drug or something like that, you know, it will be that because the. The company also gives US almost a $9,000 coupon for CO pays. So most of the time our patients don't even have co pays on the drug. And they also have a card for like their copays for their visits. So when they come in, they have their office copay. If they will send the receipt to them, they will pay up to $600 a year back to them for their co pays. So the company has done everything they can to get patient access. The tricky part is just getting it approved, which you guys have been just fundamental in doing that. And of course, I have a good nurse. I don't have to babysit her. She knows how. She's an rn. I will pay for the things that will make life easier. I will pay for that rn. She knows what to do, what to say, what they're asking. She knows what they're looking for. When they send us back something, she will write that letter of medical necessity, which is. Usually we've got a template that we use or we use an AI like chat GPT. Well, it's not chat. It's actually in our. My doxy. I have a doxy GPT and it'll write just like anything. And actually, I have. I haven't tried it yet. I've showed her. She's logged in on. Actually, you don't. You didn't hear this. She's logged in on my JOT side. She helps me on mine, and she can do better than on her login. So. Because she can go down there and write a letter. So I don't know if she's tried to write a letter of medical necessity yet on jot Psych. I know we've done the doxygpt, but I have showed her that's down there. And I have been trying to use some of those forms down there and stuff. So you guys are doing a wonderful job. You know, glitches are going to happen. That's what this is all for, is to fix it. And I.
Becca Bressler: Yeah, actually, Amanda, I'm seeing an error come up on my end and I want. I need to ask you. You something. Can you pull up your. The patient's profile in do spot again so I can see that patient?
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: All right, let me go back to it. Let me see how we did that. Okay, so I'm back in JOT Psych. I'm in her chart. I got to scroll down to medications and then go to prescribe. Now. Once it gets there, it's okay. All right, One second.
Becca Bressler: So I just need to put in the patient ID as part of this, like, support ticket. So they're an id. Is there a patient id?
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: But that's going to be her insurance. Let's see. It didn't show any of her prescriptions.
Becca Bressler: Okay, can you go to View Edit patient information? I'm just curious what that might say.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Where is it at? Make sure it matches what I've got on here.
Becca Bressler: Let's see.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Let me make sure it's the right address. That's her address. And that's the same phone number.
Becca Bressler: Let me see. Okay, so I'm gonna send in this support ticket, and then I'm just gonna get back to you as soon as I hear more so we can maybe troubleshoot this. Okay. Thank you so much, Amanda.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: You're welcome. You have a good rest of your day.
Becca Bressler: You. Bye.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Bye.