Christopher Hume: Not too much of a holiday.
Deborah Volat: I, I worked in the hospital for years, so I forget that there are holidays. Okay, let's get to it because we have a few minutes. So I shoot. I have to hang up. I'm on hold. I'm in distress. Yesterday I opened new windows for each of my sessions and somehow I have two notes on one person and I'm missing one of the notes. So I don't know if there's a way to see. I'm happy to share my screen if that helps.
Christopher Hume: I didn't.
Deborah Volat: I just opened a new win, like a new window and I think it got confused and I, I know that I put the right name in, so it's. Something in. Something else happened.
Christopher Hume: Okay. Yeah. I would love if you could share your screen, Deborah. We can figure out what's going. On.
Deborah Volat: I don't know how to. Okay. All right, so let me show you my different windows. I have that one patient is blue.
Christopher Hume: I have this.
Christopher Hume: I can only see one tab.
Deborah Volat: How do I change that? How do I share?
Christopher Hume: If you go share screen and then you're going to get a little pop up. If you can click window instead of tab and then just share the whole window.
Deborah Volat: Okay.
Christopher Hume: Or just your entire screen, if that's easier. There we go.
Deborah Volat: Okay, so I've got Spencer Lou Harun, and. That's weird. Okay, so let me go to notes.
Christopher Hume: Yep.
Deborah Volat: And. You can see there's two, but they're both at the same time. And I had a 9am session that I recorded and is missing.
Christopher Hume: Okay, so your 9:00am session is missing and that was yesterday.
Deborah Volat: Correct. All three of these are yesterday. I didn't do any of my notes yesterday because I had other things I was doing. I sat down to do it this morning and this is what I found.
Christopher Hume: And I'm sorry, you had. Did you have three sessions yesterday?
Deborah Volat: Correct.
Christopher Hume: I think what may have just happened here is. So do you have two of the patients you had sessions with and one is missing?
Deborah Volat: So you can see that there's two. Spencer Lou. One of these was supposed to be somebody else.
Christopher Hume: Okay. And that's probably 9 o'. Clock.
Deborah Volat: Correct.
Christopher Hume: Could you click on the first one? Yeah. And you can just track from transcript if this is associated with the right person.
Deborah Volat: Can I transfer.
Christopher Hume: If you put.
Deborah Volat: How do I get rid of. Because this is covering up.
Christopher Hume: Oh, do you. Is it the little square in the right bottom right? Is that what you're talking about?
Deborah Volat: Sorry, I am not used to Google Meets. I'm all zoom all the time meeting tools.
Christopher Hume: No. Were you saying my face was covering up the bottom right hand corner of the screen?
Deborah Volat: Yeah.
Christopher Hume: When you were in job Psych. If you go back to job Psych, I.
Deborah Volat: I had to stop sharing. It was doing some really wonky stuff. Okay. Oh goodness. Okay. Okay.
Christopher Hume: And then I'll be in the bottom right, I think. Is that what's blocking the screen?
Deborah Volat: Yeah, it's just. Yeah, it's.
Christopher Hume: Oh, I can just X out. Yep.
Deborah Volat: I didn't know if that was gonna hang up.
Christopher Hume: Nope, I'm still here. Can't get rid of me that easily. If you press transcript on the left middle. Ish. Yep, a little. So you can. These should be different transcripts, I would imagine.
Deborah Volat: Yeah, this is. This is what I thought. Okay, so this is. This is my 9am okay, let me just double triple check. Doing. Okay. Okay. Yeah, this. Sorry, he's not saying my keywords that I'm looking for. So. Yeah. Okay. This is.
Christopher Hume: This is my 9am okay then if you go back to. Well, you can do it from any place but let's press the note. So you go back to the note and you can actually push it right next to true. You do that too.
Deborah Volat: Oh, show me what you were going to say.
Christopher Hume: I was just going to say. So you see how you. Yep. You can just switch between transcript and.
Christopher Hume: Okay, so now in the top left where it says Spencer.
Deborah Volat: Yep.
Christopher Hume: If you push that X. The left unassign. If. If. If this is not Spencer's note, then yes, we'll assign it to a new patient. Unassign. And now you can press. And then. Is this someone who you've put in before, or will this be their first note?
Deborah Volat: It's the. It's. I've put them in before.
Christopher Hume: Okay. Then what you'll actually want to do is press cancel.
Deborah Volat: Okay.
Christopher Hume: And you'll press the little. Yep. You can just assign it.
Deborah Volat: Okay. Now I'm 99 and a half percent sure I did his name. It's possible. You know, my mouse didn't hit it right.
Christopher Hume: Did you have all of these in separate tabs?
Deborah Volat: I did, yeah.
Christopher Hume: I would recommend sticking to one tab.
Deborah Volat: Well, and okay, so I do my session. I'm not done. I don't do anything.
Deborah Volat: I'm just bouncing to the next one. I didn't want to lose anything. I didn't want to save anything because I hadn't reviewed it.
Christopher Hume: Just before we jump, Deborah, you. I think we'll just want to regenerate this note. So if you could press the. Where it says psychiatric progress note and then just push that circle button or the arrow. The circle arrow.
Deborah Volat: Okay. Actually, it's going to be this one.
Christopher Hume: Oh, perfect. Then we can select that instead.
Deborah Volat: This will create a new note. Your current note will remain unchanged. I don't want to do that because I don't want a duplicate.
Christopher Hume: It will all be kind of within one. Or you can just delete the other one if you'd like.
Deborah Volat: That's what I'll do. I. Okay, okay.
Deborah Volat: So tell me your recommended flow.
Christopher Hume: We. While this is creating a note, you can just go to record and push the button. Push forward the top middle and the note creation will just continue in the background. We can do an example.
Deborah Volat: Wait for it.
Christopher Hume: No, no. You can just have a session. As soon as it's over, just go back to recording. It'll keep cooking if you have to go back, and you won't lose anything. And that should avoid some of the issues associated with having multiple tabs open, because sometimes that will result in kind of flare ups with the audio. Or in your case, it seems like maybe it did something with the patient selection.
Deborah Volat: Okay. Yeah. I was just so afraid of losing it. And then also. Hold on. I. I jotted down some questions over the week.
Deborah Volat: Let me pull them up. Mostly I'm happy with it. Some of the notes are really dense, like. So can we say more about training it?
Christopher Hume: Yeah, yeah, definitely.
Deborah Volat: And then can I. Wait, wait. Actually got so many things at once. Sorry. All right, so now I have the wrong name.
Christopher Hume: Okay.
Deborah Volat: I have the wrong name here. This is 27 year old male.
Christopher Hume: Yeah.
Deborah Volat: He's 56. So I think I want to get rid of this one. Delete this. Is that right? And then change the name on this one.
Christopher Hume: Yes, but that should have changed because I watched us change it together.
Deborah Volat: I know, me too.
Christopher Hume: Yeah, yeah, I'm gonna have the. I'm taking this down right now, right? No, yeah, I'm.
Deborah Volat: I'm really scared because I was relying on jot psych, so I didn't write down any notes. Let me try and change the name again. And then do I need to save it or anything?
Christopher Hume: No, it should just be changed to the new name now.
Deborah Volat: Okay, it is.
Deborah Volat: So I'm going to delete this one, right?
Christopher Hume: Yep.
Deborah Volat: Is it archived somewhere or is it gone, gone, gone.
Christopher Hume: Oh, when you delete it, it's gone, gone, gone. So you might want to wait until you move it to your ehr. But once it's deleted, it is truly gone.
Deborah Volat: Okay, well, truly gone in the world of AI, Right?
Christopher Hume: Yes. We cannot get it. We cannot get it.
Deborah Volat: Okay. And then. So I like consistency. That's my little. You know, why. Why do I have this instead of his name at the top? And why does it say 27 year old male?
Christopher Hume: The reason that says 27 year old male is because it was created under the other person, the note. So what I am going to flag for the engineers as soon as we get off this call is to figure out why when we regenerated it, it didn't update that to the new patient information.
Christopher Hume: Yeah, when you switch patients, it's confounding medications.
Deborah Volat: Like he's not on these medications. So. Yeah, I definitely need this fixed.
Christopher Hume: Yep. Because it's still probably pulling from the original person.
Deborah Volat: And is it possible to get back to me today on that?
Christopher Hume: I will loop you into. In with our support team immediately. So I'll. Yeah, as soon as we wrap up this call.
Deborah Volat: This is useless. Okay. All right, Let me go to my questions. How do I add information notes after. Oh, okay. So let's go to one. All right. So this guy.
Christopher Hume: Yep.
Deborah Volat: I haven't looked through his notes yet, but is there. Is there a record so I don't have to type these additions?
Christopher Hume: So are you adding additional information?
Deborah Volat: Yeah, like last week, I. I didn't include someone's phq9 and I wanted those results included in the note, so I typed it. But it would just be convenient to have a little microphone here so I can speak it the way there's a microphone. When. Like before. Let me. Before I save.
Christopher Hume: If you go to the record screen.
Deborah Volat: Yeah.
Christopher Hume: So you can record more than once. So you can have your session with the patient and then be like. And then record another session explaining, like the PHQ9, your clinical observations. But we don't currently have a way to record after the session and integrate that information in. That's a good feature request. Right now you can record as much as you'd like, as many recordings as you'd like before you create the note. But after the note, the edits. Yeah, it's just via typing.
Deborah Volat: Okay. Yeah, that would be a great feature to add.
Christopher Hume: And then in terms of training, Deborah, do you want to go back to that note we were looking at? And I can just show you, if you go to the right hand, the AI Note assistant. So have you been able to train at all from there?
Deborah Volat: No, I would like more on that.
Christopher Hume: So all you need to say is if let's find a section that's a little too long for you.
Deborah Volat: Okay. And also, I'm not a fan of abbreviations in charting because I was very, very trained to not do that. Like it was.
Christopher Hume: Then you can say, yeah, like let's. That's a great example. And let's say in the right hand box, don't use abbreviations anywhere in this note, okay?
Deborah Volat: Like in. In hospitals, it is absolutely forbidden.
Deborah Volat: Don't use abbreviations in any notes.
Christopher Hume: Yep, perfect. Then press Enter. It's going through right now, taking out all the abbreviations. And then when it wraps up, it should ask you if you'd like it to remember this.
Deborah Volat: Okay, I can think of some examples like PRN or qd, but I'll deal with that later once you show me how. And do you guys. Can I send faxes through JOT Psych?
Christopher Hume: No, that's a great question. Though it's something that's come up quite a few times over the past few weeks. But for the immediate time being, we can't send faxes. Who would you be sending faxes to?
Deborah Volat: Other providers.
Christopher Hume: So then you can say, yes, train this, and then it will remember that every time you use your psychiatric progress note, it won't use any abbreviations.
Deborah Volat: Okay. And I'll train it with the like CBTI or something. I'll do that later. Add audit suggestion of telehealth modality. Okay. And then once I generate the note, I can keep modifying it until I sign it. Is that true?
Christopher Hume: Correct. Yep.
Christopher Hume: And then once you sign it, you can amend it afterward. So you can amend it and resign.
Deborah Volat: Okay, got it. Yeah. And then this was this HPI for a follow up is pretty long. For real? Like that doesn't feel fully realistic to me.
Christopher Hume: Then. Yep, you could just say something like, always make the HPI no longer than 400 words. Or you just say, make the HPI shorter. And it will do that.
Deborah Volat: Okay, I'll decide how I want to modify that. Sleep. Yeah. Like, And then I don't like how the mental status exam is set up. It's way too wordy for me. Unless there's something, I don't know, legally. Also in headway. Their. Their hpi. Well, actually, let me go to his, because I've already started it. I, by the way, hate their. Their notes. What I didn't like, though, is when I saved. When I. I would love to be able to just upload a document, but it was uploading to my computer, and I do not want that. It's my personal computer.
Christopher Hume: Okay, so you'd like to upload directly from J to headway. Is that what you're.
Deborah Volat: I did want to do that, but. Crap. Why is it doing this? Let me show you. So I did that on. Sorry, I'm still learning it. I did that on him.
Christopher Hume: Okay.
Deborah Volat: And so my notes. Here's my. This was my first to view the note. I have to open it by break, putting it on my computer.
Christopher Hume: And then.
Deborah Volat: Okay, and that's just like, I can have a HIPAA vault, but I, like, I just need things to work for me right now. Yeah. So unfortunately, like, I would love to be able to click it and view it, but I can't.
Christopher Hume: Okay. The job site is where you'll. You review your notes.
Deborah Volat: Oh, that's interesting. But then I'm like, jumping all over. Okay, I guess I could do that. That's not as convenient because. With my other patients. So like, with him, I went. I copied and pasted. Here's my intake on him. I can view it.
Christopher Hume: And that's.
Deborah Volat: That's helpful. Like, that's helpful because I can just look at it right here within headway. HIPAA protected, all that. And then I'll show you the m. This is a lot of clicking. Way more clicking than I like to do.
Deborah Volat: Yeah, but here.
Christopher Hume: So the MSE is clicking too. Okay.
Deborah Volat: And then I can add notes, like for mood. I. I always want to put a quote. Excuse my voice. So anyway, I was hoping for something a little more like this is.
Christopher Hume: Yeah, you can again tell jots like, hey, want the MSC to be shorter. And if you'd like, it will remember that. And moving forward, it'll be more concise.
Deborah Volat: Okay, that's cool.
Christopher Hume: Deborah. I've started writing kind of a ticket to submit to our support team. I'm actually going to ping them personally and see if we can get. If I can get some more details and I'll send that off to them with UCC and they'll follow up as soon as they have an answer for you.
Deborah Volat: Okay. I think that you answered my other questions. And I can email you.
Christopher Hume: Yep, certainly.
Deborah Volat: Okay. And yeah, it'd be great to get that taken care of today so I can wrap up my notes, because headway only gives me a certain number of hours to finish my notes.
Christopher Hume: Definitely.
Deborah Volat: Thank you.
Christopher Hume: You're very welcome. Yeah. So if you need anything else, Deborah, just let me know and you'll be cc'd on that email shortly.
Deborah Volat: Okay, sounds good.
Deborah Volat: Have a great day.
Christopher Hume: Thanks.
Deborah Volat: Bye. Bye.