Nathan Peereboom: How are you?
Adedayo Adebisi: Hello. I'm good. Good morning.
Nathan Peereboom: Good morning. Good morning.
Adedayo Adebisi: How are you? I'm good. Thank you.
Nathan Peereboom: That's awesome. Well, it's nice to be on the call. I didn't know. I'm forgetting. Where. Where are you located? Where in the US, are you?
Adedayo Adebisi: California?
Nathan Peereboom: Ah, okay. Okay. Gotcha. Yeah, it is pouring rain here. It's one of those cold DC days. Pretty classic. And, yeah, let's just jump into things. I think that we are here to talk about credentialing.
Adedayo Adebisi: Right? Just wondering if. Because I'm. I'm trying to get my. So I already did my credentialing for medical. But then I can't build. So I'm trying to get that fixed. So trying to fix it by myself. And I also got another person to fix it for me. But then. I. What's his name? I forgot his name. Set if maybe you guys also do something like, I just. I just wanted to hear what. What you do. If you have experience with medical because you have. Because California is different and the medical, some. It has to be somebody who knows about it. That can fix it.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, totally. Well, when you say fix, what exactly do you mean by fix?
Adedayo Adebisi: Somebody to help me to see how I can build? Medical provider. I made a credential, but I need somebody to put me through the billing.
Nathan Peereboom: Love it. All right. Add a dial. I'm going to be totally honest. We know exactly what you need and what you're looking for here. And I'm just going to tell you about our billing service. If you would like to move forward with this, you basically just don't have to worry about billing. You can just see clinicians and we take care of everything. So first of all, do you know anything about jot bill? Do you have any context? About?
Adedayo Adebisi: Yes. Yeah. I think we spoke about it last time.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay. Gotcha. And when we spoke about it, what were your initial impressions?
Adedayo Adebisi: Well, since I already have a billing for other insurances, I don't really have that now. I just need the medical to be fixed.
Nathan Peereboom: I mean.
Adedayo Adebisi: Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: And when. And when you say fixed, you just want someone to bill for you, like on an ongoing basis.
Adedayo Adebisi: Right? I need somebody to find me a way to get into the medicap order so I can have a feeling feeling access.
Nathan Peereboom: Ah, okay. So. So you said you're credentialed with Medi-Cal, though, right? So you have the documents that say, hey, we medi-cal agree to this fee schedule with you out of dio. You have that document?
Adedayo Adebisi: Okay, so I have. I'm a hoardering provider referral provider on medical. But for some reason, they. I cannot deal. So I need somebody who.
Nathan Peereboom: What happens when you say you cannot build? What does that look like?
Adedayo Adebisi: Because it's complicated with them. You. I have to have the MPI number two, which I have organizational MPI, but then I had to enroll my MPI too. So to enroll my MPI, too, I need a business license and all that. So it's something I can do, you know, like, if I have time, but somebody who has experience with medical would know, just would know how they work and how what they need. So I won't have to keep stressing myself about dairy requirements.
Nathan Peereboom: How did you get credentialed with your NPI one?
Adedayo Adebisi: Yeah, my true. My regular application. I just. It's. It's easy to apply.
Nathan Peereboom: Gotcha. And there's something. So you're. Are you trying to. Okay, let me. Let me. Let me do this out of dio. So let me explain how jot Bill works. And if. If you decide to move forward with that, what we'll do, because I'm not exactly sure what the particular challenge is with this npi, too. My understanding is that it's a very similar process to the npi one. But let me. Let me walk you through what we do. If you're interested in this, what we can do is as part of our intake, I can wrap in a sort of, like, quasi credentialing activity for us where we actually go chase down this, you know, get you all set up with your era, with your EFT so that you actually can just start billing through jot psych and that those bills actually get paid because you're all tied in with the medical system.
Adedayo Adebisi: Okay.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay. So we've already walked through this, I think. Are there any questions you have? Because typically what we'll do is if you want us to actually look into this. Right, we have to, like, read the documents you have. We have to, like, probably get on the phone and call medi-cal. Is that something that you want me to, like, set you up for a meeting to, like, kind of get through? Like, do you want me to start taking in your. Your documentation and start, you know, start getting you set up to build through jot psych and. And figuring this medical thing out?
Adedayo Adebisi: Yeah, we already got to that process already with him, and then we're just talking that area.
Nathan Peereboom: So. Right. That's right. Okay.
Adedayo Adebisi: I think I called them already, and I didn't know what the problem is. I just wanted somebody who, like, has experience in. In. In it.
Nathan Peereboom: Give us all your documents and let us sort it out for you, because I think what if I'm remembering, I'm. I'm so sorry. I'm, like, catching up on this right now. So I think you've been working with Adam, right? Because you signed our MSA, you came in. Okay. So I think that what we need are actually. Let me add them one sec. Hang tight. Let me go. Hold everything. I'm so sorry. I'm. I'm a little behind the eight ball here. Let's see. Okay. Let me. Add. On. Okay, so at a dial, let me just collect everything that you have. On. On this particular problem. Can you just give me a timeline?
Adedayo Adebisi: Like.
Nathan Peereboom: Like, tell me everything that you can just, like, kind of dump at me all the facts that, you know, about the confusion, what you've tried, what hasn't worked, etc.
Adedayo Adebisi: Etc. So I think it'll take me up to. I can fix it. We took you up to, like, two months. So maybe. I will. I'll fix it. I can fix that. So. I will. I will. Maybe I will. When I get it fixed, I will just call them and enroll the MP. A.
Nathan Peereboom: Well, I mean, do you want us just to handle it for you? Because, I mean, we can do all that phone calling. We can handle that whole thing. It's part of the billing service. I mean, here's my advice. Oh, sorry. Go on, Adele.
Adedayo Adebisi: Yeah. So sorry. Oh, yeah, I will. I'll fix it. Yeah, I think that will stay very low for sure. So they wanted me to do my mpif, use my MCH to return. ID started, actually. But the one that feeling some. License, which I can get that. Maybe I'll get that next week.
Nathan Peereboom: I I'll get it. I'll fix.
Adedayo Adebisi: I guess.
Nathan Peereboom: Like, at a day or help me understand how you want us to be involved, because I think we're just, like, a little. I'm. I'm, like, just paying with Adam. I think that we're both a little confused. If you want us to handle this. We just need your doc, like your, like, whatever documents you have, and we'll, like, go run it down until you get fully, like, credentialed in both, you know, in. In the full sense, which just sounds like you're not. But, like, it's hard for us to give consultative advice without, like, seeing the process and, like, having all the information. So you just tell. Tell me, like, what. What's the dream here? Like, what.
Nathan Peereboom: What would you like us to do for you?
Adedayo Adebisi: Girl, for now, I'll say nothing for now. When I fix it, I will. I'll get back. So gotcha.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay. All right. Well. That sounds good. Do you want us to check in with you or. Yeah, anything like that.
Adedayo Adebisi: I'll say it could take up to two months. Okay. Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay. All right. Well, sounds good. Let me know if that changes. Okay.
Nathan Peereboom: And, you know, again, like, if you. If you ever want us just to, like, take the ball and run with it, we're happy to do that.
Adedayo Adebisi: Okay. No worries.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay. All right. Take care.
Adedayo Adebisi: Of your. Phone. Okay. All right. Okay. All right. Thank you. Okay. Thank you.