Becca Bressler: Sa. Hey there.
Brianna Boulanger: Hey. How are you?
Becca Bressler: Good. How are you doing?
Brianna Boulanger: Not bad. How are you?
Becca Bressler: Good. How can I help you? Brianna?
Brianna Boulanger: So I was told to set up a call with you guys because an action. I was told to perform. I can't perform. And I was told you needed more information on it.
Becca Bressler: What's the action?
Brianna Boulanger: So I'm trying to merge two charts together and I know that you're supposed to unassign it from the chart and then reassign it, but the last note that's in the chart doesn't show me the X in the corner. So I was told you needed to see it.
Becca Bressler: Can you. Yeah. Can you screen share? I don't totally know what you're saying, but I'm sure it won't become clear once.
Brianna Boulanger: Yes, absolutely.
Brianna Boulanger: I'm sorry they didn't give you context.
Becca Bressler: Oh, no, that's okay.
Brianna Boulanger: All right.
Becca Bressler: A few of us are hooked up to this calendar event, so. Yeah. Alrighty.
Brianna Boulanger: Alright, so let me go to clients. All right. So basically I have two charts for her and I needed to merge them together. This is the last note left in the chart I'm trying to dismiss. So when I open it, supposedly if I go up here to the corner, there should be an X so I can remove the note from the chart and then reassign it. But the X is not showing up.
Becca Bressler: So I think it's because it's been signed. So can you try clicking amend for me?
Brianna Boulanger: Yeah.
Becca Bressler: And then refresh.
Becca Bressler: Oh, I think that's probably. Yeah. Yeah. Just because it like locks it once it's been signed.
Brianna Boulanger: Okay. And then remind me what the next step is. Do I hit assign note to client?
Becca Bressler: So hit assign note to client and then just pick the other client you want to assign it to?
Brianna Boulanger: Yeah, I wish they told me that. Okay. And then do I hit sign now?
Becca Bressler: If you would like to hit sign, you can, but no. Yeah, it'll. It'll save to that profile either way.
Brianna Boulanger: Okay. Well, that was an easy solve.
Becca Bressler: Amazing. Glad. Happy to help.
Brianna Boulanger: Thank you. I appreciate it.
Becca Bressler: Yeah, sure. Bye.
Brianna Boulanger: Bye.