Moses Njuguna: Moses. Hey Chris, how you doing?
Christopher Hume: It's Friday. I'm doing very well.
Moses Njuguna: How about yourself? No, I know. I'm also doing well. Yep. Yep. As well. Just waiting for Barbara to join us.
Christopher Hume: Perfect. Any fun, fun weekend plans, Moses?
Moses Njuguna: Not quite. I'll be here.
Christopher Hume: Oh, my gosh.
Moses Njuguna: I'll be here on Sunday. Okay. To get caught up with notes and stuff.
Christopher Hume: Yeah. Unfun.
Moses Njuguna: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Christopher Hume: I'll be. I'll be here on Sunday in the office, too. I have to come in for a few hours to wrap some stuff up. It's funny.
Moses Njuguna: Whether she's joining us. So today the trial has ended.
Christopher Hume: Looks like it. I was just checking that.
Moses Njuguna: Yeah. So you can walk us through and whether it will be. If we reactivate and put the card today. On the 27th or whether it will be charging on the first.
Christopher Hume: It will start whenever. And I can talk to some Barbara gets on the phone, but it'll. It'll start whenever you put the. The card in. That would just be your. Your billing cycle moving forward. Hey, Barbara.
Barbara Njuguna: Hey, how are you?
Christopher Hume: I'm great. It's. I was just telling Moses it's Friday. It's Friday afternoons. I'm doing really well.
Barbara Njuguna: TGIF.
Christopher Hume: Yes. Right. Well, I'm sorry again to both you for the confusion this morning.
Barbara Njuguna: I was fine.
Barbara Njuguna: We were actually running late and we're just like, oh, my goodness. I don't know how we miscalculated, but it worked out beautifully. So. Okay.
Christopher Hume: Yeah. Well, lucky, lucky coincidence there. Well, Barbara Moses and I were just talking about kind of activating your account. And if. If I'd let, if that makes sense to you today, I can walk you through the process. Right.
Moses Njuguna: Remember, what do you think?
Barbara Njuguna: Yeah, yeah, yeah. I think we're good. At least, you know, starting off with. The basic and, you know, just, like, take it from there. I'm. I'm sure as we continue to get more and more comfortable with it. We can in, you know, look into hopefully integrating it into iconauts.
Christopher Hume: That would be.
Moses Njuguna: Yeah.
Christopher Hume: Wonderful. And then I believe you said you're already all set with e prescriptions. Is that correct or is that something you'd like to refer to?
Barbara Njuguna: Okay, we have that with iconotes and Dr.
Christopher Hume: Yeah. Perfect. Well, then I can right now, barber with how your account is set up, it has to be you who pays. Does that work?
Christopher Hume: Would you like me to change the permissions if you'd like Moses to pay? From his account?
Moses Njuguna: We'll do the business. We'll. We'll put the business card.
Christopher Hume: I can just walk you through how to do that now if you'd like to share your screen.
Barbara Njuguna: Log into jet psych. Yeah.
Moses Njuguna: Okay, so I have the card if you wanna.
Barbara Njuguna: I'm here with me on my screen here. Here.
Christopher Hume: Barbara, if you go to the top right. Where you should see. Maybe. I'm sorry. I got a little close to the screen there where you see your. Your picture.
Barbara Njuguna: I think serenity. Okay.
Christopher Hume: Yeah. And then. Oh, no. Oh, my gosh. See, this is why you tap me on the phone. I get confused. It's actually in your practice. Yes. Yeah. So you're practicing the top middle of your screen.
Barbara Njuguna: Yeah.
Christopher Hume: So if you. I'm sorry, just all the way up. It's next to the record button.
Moses Njuguna: Your practice.
Christopher Hume: Oh, and then your subscription. There you go. And then you can just resume your plan.
Barbara Njuguna: Okay. And so 198 is inclusive. So that's for Moses and myself because it says, yeah. Okay. Resume.
Christopher Hume: Subscription.
Barbara Njuguna: Is that the one that. I don't know.
Moses Njuguna: No. Just pay.
Barbara Njuguna: Pair another way. Okay. You want to send a picture of the card? You want to come get it?
Moses Njuguna: I'll send it.
Barbara Njuguna: Okay. So there'll be a card.
Moses Njuguna: So that's a good price, Chris. Thank you.
Christopher Hume: No, of course. Of course.
Barbara Njuguna: Since. A South Plainfield zip code or the Edison one.
Moses Njuguna: Field. You know what? Let me. I'm not doing sure. Just. Just try.
Barbara Njuguna: Like it's probably the edit someone, but I don't remember what we have there.
Christopher Hume: The moment of Truth, right? Let's see if we. There you go.
Barbara Njuguna: Okay. Awesome.
Christopher Hume: Perfect.
Barbara Njuguna: Let me see. I see. Okay.
Christopher Hume: And so Barbara, one thing just to point out for you is that you and Moses, I believe can see each other's notes or you should be able to.
Barbara Njuguna: Okay.
Christopher Hume: Yep. Let's check it. Well, just before we check that, I do want to flag that you have patient visibility turned off. So do you see. So you can only see your patients, Barbara and Moses. You can only see your patients. If you like to share your patience, you can change that setting right here. Organization wide.
Barbara Njuguna: Right here.
Christopher Hume: Now you can see each other's patients. If you click the other one, you won't be able to see each other's patients again.
Barbara Njuguna: Oh, okay. Okay. All right. I mean, it's up to you, Moses. What do you think?
Moses Njuguna: No, it's okay. So if we see what that means is. If I go to mys.
Barbara Njuguna: Yeah, I see it. So I see some of your patients here. I see mine.
Moses Njuguna: Okay.
Christopher Hume: And some practices just like that. Because when a provider's out or on vacation, they like to be able to share.
Barbara Njuguna: Okay.
Christopher Hume: But if you go to documentation, Barbara.
Barbara Njuguna: Yeah.
Christopher Hume: I go to notes. And then could you scroll at the top of the screen? So you can see you're on the my notes tab. But if you click all clinic notes. You can now see.
Barbara Njuguna: Okay, I got you.
Christopher Hume: Yep. And Moses, you should have the same ability.
Moses Njuguna: Okay.
Barbara Njuguna: Okay. Okay. One question that I forgot to ask the last time. Do you have, like, a translator?
Christopher Hume: Eventually gonna work on? You don't have a trans. Do you mean.
Barbara Njuguna: Like we don't have a translator? Like, you know, like English, Spanish.
Christopher Hume: If you're speaking another language to the patient or the patient is speaking another language, it can understand. And I can show you how to turn that on, but it won't translate for you, if that makes sense. It won't do real time translation. Like the patient says something in Spanish, it won't translate it to English. But if you and the patient are both speaking in Spanish or they're speaking in Spanish and you're speaking in English, it can turn that into a note.
Barbara Njuguna: Oh, okay.
Christopher Hume: Okay. So if you go to the settings again, pushing that Serenity button in the top right. And then you go to languages. Left. You can add other languages where it says English.
Barbara Njuguna: Oh, that's how many languages? Okay, so, like, for example, today I had someone who. I mean, I had a translator in person also, but, you know, that presentation was speaking Spanish. It would probably pick up from what the patient is saying.
Christopher Hume: 100. It would. As long as you selected Spanish as one of your languages, it would certainly understand the only thing I want to flag is it doesn't translate it until the note is generated. So you might still need the translator to tell you what's happening or you understand the language, but job psychology.
Barbara Njuguna: I see. Okay. I see.
Barbara Njuguna: Okay, that sounds good.
Moses Njuguna: So, Chris. Yes, I'm looking at my. I'm just like here the billing and auditing then record doesn't have your practice.
Christopher Hume: Is there. Yours is not. Me. That might just be. Oh, Moses, you might not have access to the my practice screen because you're not a practice administrator right now. Would you like me to turn both you and Barbara into practice administrators?
Barbara Njuguna: Yeah.
Christopher Hume: Let me make that change.
Moses Njuguna: This.
Christopher Hume: Okay. I'm going to refresh. Moses. If you refresh your screen.
Moses Njuguna: And all that.
Christopher Hume: Okay, you can put it in. But you. You don't have to.
Barbara Njuguna: That's why I'm not subscribing or.
Christopher Hume: Exactly. You're not prescribing or signing your notes. Okay.
Moses Njuguna: So we're good. Then. How much was the other one? Should we pay for mental?
Barbara Njuguna: Ity? I don't remember. I'd have to go back.
Moses Njuguna: This is. This is such a good deal. Chris, thank you so much, because.
Moses Njuguna: Yeah, of course. Of course. What we're getting for what we were thinking and then for what we are getting and for what we were paying over there.
Barbara Njuguna: This is. This is so much better. And. And maybe eventually, even if your IT people can figure out how to integrate with iconotes, that.
Christopher Hume: That is an add-on feature, Barbara. So I. If you guys, like, whenever you have time, if you'd be willing to meet with our engineer, I can't promise that he'd be able to do it immediately, but it is something we're working to do. And just your. Your feedback and, like, showing us how your EHR works would help them see it. Like, if that's something we can do in the medium term.
Christopher Hume: So if you guys have a 15 or 30 minutes next week, I'd love to set up time with you and Lee, our engineer.
Moses Njuguna: That'll be awesome.
Christopher Hume: Yeah. Okay. I'll send you his calendar after this meeting.
Barbara Njuguna: That sounds good.
Barbara Njuguna: I think we'll work on that.
Moses Njuguna: Yeah.
Moses Njuguna: And also what. What. What analytics does run?
Moses Njuguna: Like, for instance, if I wanted to pull, like, let's say if I wanted to find out everybody's birthday, you know, whoever has a birthday next week.
Christopher Hume: Yeah. Moses, most of our. I think all of our analytics are focused on billing. We have some analytics for our billing customers where they can see, hey, you're getting down code. This is how often you're getting, you know, claims rejected, Etc. But for, like, the. The operation stuff on the just, like, running a practice, that's something that we. We need to beef up right now. We don't have any off the shelf reports for you.
Moses Njuguna: Are you able to prepare if we wanted to. To customize our. Our. You know, consent.
Christopher Hume: And set form? So I can show you how to do that.
Moses Njuguna: Absolutely. Yeah. Yeah.
Christopher Hume: Yep. So, Barbara, if you go to documentation. Are you saying, Moses, you'd like to send the consent form through your job psych?
Moses Njuguna: No, no, no. We. We're already using iconotes, and so just wanted to have one where we can just download it and then see how we can.
Christopher Hume: Yeah, I I will send you the consent form after this call. We have a off the shelf one that I'll give to you.
Barbara Njuguna: That would be awesome.
Moses Njuguna: Yeah, but I've also seen even if a person doesn't want to sign it, if you do like a quick still works.
Christopher Hume: Yes, it still works for the dictation. Of course, we have some customers. So that's all they use jot psych for. They just play in English, explain what happened, and I'll turn that into a note.
Barbara Njuguna: Okay. I don't think.
Moses Njuguna: So. Chris, let me commend you. What you guys are doing is good because we've had other AI scribes where you don't meet with anyone. You send emails, they don't get responded to. But you've been very responsive. Like you're a real person that we can talk.
Christopher Hume: I promise.
Moses Njuguna: I'm real.
Barbara Njuguna: I promise.
Moses Njuguna: So. So thank you for that.
Moses Njuguna: And I think that's a very good, you know, customer service. It works.
Christopher Hume: It's not just customer, not just customer service. It's customer success, too. So as you guys grow and we're here for you, me and my whole team. So I hope. Yeah. Even though your trial's over and you're full-timers now, I hope we still get to chat and see how we can continue to support you.
Barbara Njuguna: Yes, definitely. Definitely. We'll definitely let you know, you know, like, follow up with them and if they can integrate that to. I cannot take us to another level. And we have a lot of providers in our circles, too, so we hope that, you know, they can learn from my experience.
Christopher Hume: We love that.
Barbara Njuguna: I would love that.
Christopher Hume: And make sure, if anyone is learning from your experience, Barbara, that you're, they're using your referral code. Because if want to make sure that you get the discount, if just in case, did I get that?
Moses Njuguna: Because I'm the one who refers myself
Christopher Hume: and I refer, you know, that this is a new one.
Christopher Hume: This is a new one. I've never dealt with the pretty special deal. You got a pretty sweet deal. So I think we'll call that your referral. So right here, Barbara, if you share your referral link.
Barbara Njuguna: Yes, see here. Okay. Okay.
Moses Njuguna: Okay. Nice.
Christopher Hume: I believe if you press the home screen or you go back to the home screen. Just pressing the jot sag button in the top left.
Barbara Njuguna: Oh, okay.
Christopher Hume: And then you scrolled at the bottom of your screen. Oh, my gosh. Where is your actual. Did you see your actual referral code, Barbara?
Barbara Njuguna: No, that I, I was just on that.
Christopher Hume: Yeah.
Moses Njuguna: Where.
Christopher Hume: Was that? It should have been you were in. You press the serenity button.
Christopher Hume: Yeah, it was there. And then you had the referral program, which is on the left hand side. Your referral link. It tells you how to do it. But there's no. Could you push that 50? Is that just like the bit? Oh, gosh. I'm going to go to the engineers right away because this is supposed to be. Yeah. So I'll make sure that this gets added to your account and that you'll see it.
Barbara Njuguna: Okay. Sounds good.
Christopher Hume: Well, anything else that can help you with before, before it's the weekend?
Barbara Njuguna: No, this is, this is good. This is good. And we could, we could have as many notes as possible. Right. Like there's no limit.
Christopher Hume: The only one on notes. No, no, no, no.
Barbara Njuguna: Perfect. This is good. Thank you so much. I'm glad that we met this move.
Christopher Hume: Yes. No, I, we're so happy to have you aboard. And as I said, we're, I'm an email or a phone call or a meeting away. So here to support you guys.
Barbara Njuguna: Thank you. Thank you so much.
Christopher Hume: You're welcome.
Christopher Hume: Yes, yes, indeed.
Barbara Njuguna: Happy Friday. Thank you. You too. Enjoy the weekend.
Christopher Hume: Yes. Thank you.
Moses Njuguna: Thanks, Moses. Thanks, Barbara.
Barbara Njuguna: Bye.