Nathan Peereboom: Can you hear me okay? Oh, I think you're muted.
kemi kotun: Hi. Good morning.
Nathan Peereboom: Hey, good morning. How are you? Good, good. Where in the United States are you right now?
kemi kotun: I'm in Nerid.
Nathan Peereboom: In where?
kemi kotun: Oh, Maryland.
Nathan Peereboom: Is it pouring rain there? I'm up in New York City right now. And it's just the grayest, coldest day that we've had in such a long time.
kemi kotun: Yes, it's not too cold and not too warm. It's just like. Just regular. Like the bit that. Yes, it looks like one of the best weather we've had in recent time. You don't need to wear a jacket.
Nathan Peereboom: Nice. Well, hey, it's nice to meet you. I think that we've met before, right? We talked a few weeks ago. Okay, cool. That's awesome. So did you also Becca? Like maybe a few days after we talked about JotCred and the EHR and all that jazz?
kemi kotun: Did I do what?
Nathan Peereboom: Did you meet with Becca? Becca's our. No, no. Okay, cool. Well, Kemi, why don't you just bring me into your world a little bit? I mean, obviously I know you through Dr. Bola. But I would love to just know about your world. Like, what's your practice? What kind of clients do you see? Are you a solo clinician? Do you work in a clinic? Are you trying to start your own clinic? Just tell me about your whole world.
kemi kotun: Yeah. At the moment, I'm a sole provider, but I'm looking to start my own clinic. So I have my own business name. I just want to do my own credentialing. Initial is so that I can begin. You know, like that. So that's it.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, great. Do you have a website and everything like that?
kemi kotun: Not yet, but it's under. Somebody is helping me to create it at the moment. Gotcha.
Nathan Peereboom: Gotcha. Are you. So you're interested in credentialing. I know someone's helping you create your website, but just so you know, that's something that we also are happy to do for you. If you decide to go forward with our credentialing service, we basically do this thing where we do an interview and then we create a website that's just for you and we'll like help you figure out how to host it and all of that. So if that is something that you wanted to have done, it usually takes, I mean, it's pretty much the website. So we build it for $100. So it's really cheap to build. And then it's $100 a month to host it and keep it up and all that jazz.
kemi kotun: Every month on the $100 every month.
Nathan Peereboom: Yep, that's right. But you can also just take it and, you know, you could use it on, you know, you can just maintain it yourself, but it's just $100 to build.
Nathan Peereboom: So you could build it for $100 and then be like, you know what? I don't like this. Or you know what? I actually want to give the code to me and I want to like own the website going forward. So that's, you're totally welcome to do that too. So you don't have to pay us to maintain it.
kemi kotun: Yeah. The credentialing. Yeah. So I mean, maybe land is the primary state. So how do you do your credentialing and how many states, how many insurances would be credentialed with?
Nathan Peereboom: So with credentialing, you just tell us all the insurances you want and we'll do any of them, any and all of them. So you can do them in Maryland, you can do them outside of Maryland. Like if you do, do you do telehealth, Kemi?
kemi kotun: Yes.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay. So you probably want to be credentialed in all the states that you have patients in. So, you know, we could start in Maryland, but you know, your goal is to like fill up your calendar, right? You want to like, you know, build the broadest base of patients you can. And so for that you could decide to be credentialed in California, in New York, in Texas, like, you know, some of these larger states should you choose. But really our goal is like what we don't want to credential you with. You know, with more payers than you need. Because that's just overhead for you. And so do you have a sense of like, hey, these are the three pairs I want. Or five pairs or something like that.
kemi kotun: Yeah, someone will give me a list of like, I think maybe like 10 or 15 payers. Okay.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. So, so yeah, if you're looking to do 10 to 15 pairs, we can actually give you a discount on the cost per pair. So if you do 10 or more. The cost per payer drops to $250. So it's a significant discount. You know, if you decide to ten or more.
kemi kotun: I don't understand. So how much do you do it per pair?
Nathan Peereboom: So right, so if you don't do 10 or more, if you do less than that. It's $350 or sorry, it's $300 per pair. So yeah, that's the, that's the cost. And, you know, that's in line with, you know, with what many other credentials do. But I think I said this on the on the call with you and Dr. Bola, you know, our promise to you is radical transparency. And radical speed. So we're going to move faster than any credentialer. And we're going to show you exactly what's happening at every stage. So if that's important to you, you know, we're the vendor if, you know, if it's not important to you, then, you know, that's probably not something that, you know, there's, there's always a cheaper option if, you know, if that's the only deciding factor in your head.
kemi kotun: So if it's $300 per pair, so that means if I want to do 10, that will be 3000.
Nathan Peereboom: One time cost. Yeah. Well, no, sorry. If you're doing 10, you get the discount. So then it's 250 per payer. So, what is that? 25. 0 times 10? Oh, yeah. Then it's 2,500.
kemi kotun: So what else do you do?
Nathan Peereboom: To redo the entire cycle of billing here, let me show you. What we do. So if you wanted to work with us. Here's how it works. So we have a program called jot bill. And what JotBill is, is it's a hybrid AI and human engine. Can you see my screen, Kimmy?
kemi kotun: Yes.
Nathan Peereboom: I can. Okay, great. So we're a hybrid AI and human billing engine. What that means is that our system audits each note for pair specific rules. We've got human billing specialists that work on like, you know, educ cases. And, you know, from your experience, you would just see, hey, here's eligibility. Here's my note. It's written in, you know, we've taken the documents from pairs and we've written the perfect note. All I have to do is Kemi is sign and let JotSite take over after that. And what we'll do is, you know, everything in the background. So we're doing a hypervigilant eligibility checks. We're writing pairword documentation. We're generating a clean claim. We're auto appealing until you get paid. We're giving you analytics on, you know, like, hey, this is the funnel of your, of your business. And then, you know, we'll, we'll even like collect from patients and things like that. So we handle every piece of the financial and all you have to do is focus on acquiring and serving patients.
kemi kotun: So then do you work to maybe take care of my calendar like receive the patient, take the details, you don't do that.
Nathan Peereboom: With intakes.
kemi kotun: Yes.
Nathan Peereboom: So we have intake forms. So if you.
kemi kotun: If you do use like check whether I can see the patients, whether the patient is potential with me.
Nathan Peereboom: You know. Oh yeah, that's eligibility checks. So that's, that's this part. So on the left side, you can say see what we do is we use APIs, AIs and humans to check out, hey, is this patient credential like are they active with their insurance? Actually, let me just walk you down to this. Okay, so the question is, does the patient have active coverage? Will this plan cover the CPT code I intend to bill and by how much? And third, like what's the fine print? Do I need prior authorization? Is it, you know, are there other things that I need to think about? So our eligibility checks are looking at all three of those.
kemi kotun: So this comes on the website. Right?
Nathan Peereboom: It comes into the application. That's exactly right. And you can kind of see it. It's already like in the site. So if you're in JotSych and you go to a note, you can see that where is it on here? Oh, it's not turned on. Oh, here it is. So you can see patient insurance eligibility. I don't think eligibility is turned on for this patient. So never mind. But usually you can see there's like a little, you know, warning here if you have eligibility checks turned on and that patient doesn't have eligibility. You can see what their status is.
kemi kotun: So how much do you do for all of this?
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, so if we're doing, you can kind of choose your own adventure here. There's three different plans for billing. If you want us to manage your billing. So at the top level, what we're doing is we're doing vigilant eligibility checks. We're doing pairware documentation and we're coding the visit. We're generating the claim. We're submitting the claim. We're posting the claim. We're analyzing, hey, here's what your contract says with insurance. Here's what you got paid. Is there a difference? We're doing automated appeals if you ever get denied. We're updating payrolls as they update. We're looking in your bank account and detecting underpayment. If there's underpayment, we're collecting from your patients and you've got a dedicated billing manager. So that's like at the top percent. That's the max plan. And then and then you can, you know, you can get a lesser plan if that's better for you as well, which you can see on this.
kemi kotun: Well, now that I'm still small, it's still a small practice.
Nathan Peereboom: Yep. That's why that's exactly why we do a percentage rather than a flat fee. Because a flat fee for a small practice is not good. But what's nice about, you know, these doing a percentage based, you know, price is that our incentives are totally aligned with you, Kemi. Like we want to create a situation where you're, you know, as profitable as possible. Because that's, you know, we only get paid after you get paid. So that's the approach that we have for billing. I'm curious. How, how does that sit for you? Is that, does that make sense?
kemi kotun: You mean the billing part?
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, yeah, the billing part. I mean, I think what I want you to walk away with, Kemi, is thinking, okay, jot psych can do everything for me. They can build my website, they can get me credentialed, they can write my notes, they can, you know, check if my patients have eligibility and they can actually like get me paid. So that's, you know, that whole cycle, that's what we own and that's what we're proud of.
kemi kotun: It's okay. I'll let you know. But that credentialing is a lot for me. I can't afford it.
Nathan Peereboom: So, okay. Do you, would you like us to, you know, do to build a website for you? Would that be helpful?
kemi kotun: So how many days will it take you to view the website?
Nathan Peereboom: We can do it this week. I mean, the nice thing about the website is, again, it's only $100. You can see it immediately. And if you, you know, if you don't want it, we won't charge you for month two forward.
kemi kotun: Give me some time to think about this. I'll get back to you. I have your email.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, totally. Let me ask this, Kemi. What, when you think about the partner that you want for this service. What's important to you? Like what are the things that you're considering?
kemi kotun: Yeah, but it's not like I want to, especially when it has to do the credential in the money for that financial link is a lot.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, well, it's a, it's a really hard process. That's why, you know.
kemi kotun: I can't afford the billing. Yes, that can still be considered.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay.
kemi kotun: Well.
Nathan Peereboom: I tell you what. One thing that we could do. For the credentialing is we could put you on like a payment plan. Where, you know, where we only actually like take our fee for credentialing. You know, after, you know, after you've been billing with us for like six months or something like that. Like we could roll it into something where you don't have to worry about paying it. Until you're actually like receiving money. For the fact that you have patients and all that. Is that something that would, you know, make it more attractive for you?
kemi kotun: I don't want to do that.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay. All right.
kemi kotun: Just let me think about it. I'll get back to you.
Nathan Peereboom: Totally. Okay, great. Well, Kemi, you have my phone number, you've got my, or I guess yeah, you've got my phone number, you've got my email. So reach out if you need anything. But yeah, looking forward to hopefully, you know, being able to work together. But I understand it's a big decision. Okay.
kemi kotun: Yeah. Okay, cool.
Nathan Peereboom: Take care. Bye bye.
kemi kotun: Yeah.