Nathan Peereboom: I am. Good. It's nice to see you again. I think it's been a little while. When's the last time that we were on the phone together?
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Gosh, I feel like it was probably about a year and a half ago.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, cool. Yeah. How are things with you and Richard and the whole gang?
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Well, you know, I started. I branched. I branched off to do something like, bigger with my clinic because I've got time mark therapy. And then I was like, you know what? Yeah, I'm really good at negotiating with payers, and so I formed another entity called Mental Health Managed. And we're taking that national. And it's just a national, like, clinic that offers medication management and counseling. And we just launched it with our pilot programs with two clinics in Texas starting in September. And it's doing really well. And so I've just been busy with that mostly in collaborating with Richard on that to get PMHM fees in place, especially for, like, the, you know, the Reinheit act, where, you know, prescribers have to deal with controlled substances in person. Potentially it's gotten extended until 2027, but you never know, so I want to have that in place.
Nathan Peereboom: Cool. That's. That's amazing. So are you. When you think about, like, your brain space, how much of your brain are you spending on expanding, like, clinicians and clinical care, and how much of your brain space are you spending on billing, RCM optimization, like, all that administrative stuff?
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): You know, the brain space, like, 75 to 80% of it is still, but very much on the RCM space because there's just so many things that payers are doing right now that's kind of like duplicitous. And, you know, they've got AI backing them and a lot of their technology already. And so it's. It. You know, we're already facing that. I think it's more unprecedented, I would say in the last six to nine months, you can tell that they're starting to use AI and, you know, it's just, you know, it's getting more where you're having to fight and get insurance commissioners involved more so ever than it ever has been before.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. Can you just tell me a little bit more about that? Because that's always been my theory that, like, hey, if we have this great technology to write good notes and audit those notes and like, you know, really create documentation, that's perfect. I mean, insurers have the same tools to kind of push back.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): So it's beyond that at this point. Like, you know, there. There is good tools for clinical documentation, but documentation alone is not sufficient because what payers are doing is they're trying to price fix. And you know, at least in the mental health section you'll find this with other like main providers that they collaborate with, like larger companies. There's like, you know, just like any online vendor that has a lot of providers in it. Like I think there's been a lot that have came out I can't keep in mind with it. But the big ones in the mental health sector, like Headway, Alma Betterhelp, where they have these delegated rosters and they put a lot of providers on them for mental health and what they don't tell you with that is with the provider. Providers and what the contracted rates are with headway, it's literally $1 more than you would get as an individual provider, like getting credentialed by yourself. And but people are doing it and they flock to those systems because they can get credentialed in less in a lesser amount of time and they can get $1 more and they don't have to take their cut from like, you know, being a W2 or, you know, in a group practice model. And so they think, oh, I can just get 100 of the profit. But the providers necessarily don't have a good like business head on, you know, and think about all the financial cost that it takes to be able to run a business like telephone systems and, you know, all the EHRs and things that go along with that. So with all of that being said, what we're finding now is that in sectors of the nation, specifically along the east coast and the Northeast coast, what they are doing is payers are now let's say you signed a contract, but you didn't necessarily look at what you were signing. They have started putting in clauses where it says, you know, payer. You know, in this case it might be Aetna reserves the right to update the fee schedule at any time in the future. And now Tierlon and Aetna are slashing rates by $50 per CPT code and only wanting to pay providers 50 to $65 for a whole entire hour. And keep in mind, these are independent providers in practices and we're fighting with the insurance commissioning boards to do that and to try to help like navigate those spaces. But they're still offering all of the providers on headway, Alma betterhelp the full rates that they were getting. And you also have to understand that Headway and Alma, all of the major payers, Aetna, Cigna, uhc, they've all invested into those platforms.
Nathan Peereboom: Interesting. So in your mind, how is that tied to AI? Like what, what is the connection in your mind for, you know, Aetna saying, hey, we're going to lower our rates to, to the advent of AI.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Yeah. So part of it is in claims processing. So one of the things that they're doing with claims processing, just so that you're aware, is they used to see this is going to deviate a little bit. But there's a method to my map is so CAQH used to be the source of truth for where all the provider directory data lived and where all the payers were supposed to go to, to know, to do demographic updates for these providers. It was supposed to be a one stop shop because, you know, there were providers were getting calls from payers and they weren't, they'd moved addresses, you know, they weren't telling the payers. It wasn't getting updated, checks were getting sent to the wrong place. And so that's why CAQH got even a well, now what it's transformed into is those people set up their providers, set up their CAQH profiles once, but they don't keep it reattested every 90 days. So they don't know if they. The data is still accurate. The worst one that I'd seen had been like unattested for five years. So, you know, and a lot of data had changed. They had started working for other companies, but they never updated it. So to combat that, the payers are like, well, you know, UHC says go use our own, you know, website to attest your data. And then a lot of companies like the blue, the Blue Cross plans partnered with Symphony and Elevance and Aetna partnered with ove. And so now they're saying, oh, all the provider directory data has to come from a velodi in the provider data management system. And so if you don't keep that re attested, then that's going to make you lapse. And they're using that to suppress in network and out of network capacity. And what they don't tell you is if you have multiple users attached to a clinic. So let's say if a provider is moonlighting with one clinic and then headway with another, you can have a headway user in there and you can have a administrative assistant for that clinic that's, you know, doing the regular billing for the private clinic. Each user instance of ability is different. Like they don't update across all of it. So if one user doesn't attest it, you can't see it as an administrator that one user didn't do that. But they're, they're picking which ones they want to choose. Right. And so headway will go in there and say these locations are no longer accurate. Right. And then remove those. And so then those, those clinics just drop off the plans and they, their claims all process without a network. And so they're not getting paid for their services. And that's where they're heavily using AI to do that, to update their systems. And we know that they're doing that because there's a lot of provider, provider data mismatches. Because let's say in one system, you know, the clinic name had a comma in it. And you know, so then they'll create two, use two different profiles with some providers attached underneath one contract with, you know, with the header that's without the comma and then one with the comma, you know, and it's just things like that. So they're using it heavily in just like data management and data integration. But then they're also using it to, to process claims and they're also using it like you said, for reviewing the clinical notes for medical documentation and trying to prove medical necessity.
Nathan Peereboom: Gotcha. Okay, super helpful, Brittany. Tell me about, you know, okay, so, you know, transparently. So we're an AI scribe, and one of the things that we have done is we have launched this system called JOT Audit, which basically allows you to go in and you can upload rules or documents from repairs. And then we create all these rules, and then we grade every note by, you know, by the rules, and you can click in and you can see violations and. You can see how it's changing over time. And, you know, when you actually go into a note, you can, you know, you can see essentially, like, what the CPT code is and suggestions we have. So we're trying to move into the RCM space. And as part of that, we've decided that we want to acquire a RCM company. So what I want to do on this call is just understand, like, what would you need to believe to be interested in selling your RCM business? And it's totally okay if you're like, I would need you to give me a unicorn and there'd have to be a rainbow, and you'd also have to, like, solve oiled hunger. Like, if it's like something crazy, like, you know, that's totally fine. But. But we would be really interested in, you know, understanding what was important to you in your practice and seeing if maybe there's a match.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Okay. So I think, you know, just on a personal level, what I would need to have would be some kind of assurance because we use. We've contracted with my billing company, which is Time R Services with Mental Health Manage, to perform the billing services for Mental Health Manage, which is my national, like, clinic. Right. And we've outsourced that. So I would need some insurance that that collaborative partnership could still exist. Right. So that, like, there's still revenue to. To be made from that and so that we can, you know, just make our books good for that. From a billing perspective, the people that I have put into key positions in my RCM company, I would want them to continue because they. The work that my brand is known for is about quality and integrity and not about quantity. Because all of the other billing companies, even when you're charging a lower percentage rate, we still charge seven. And we're successful at charging seven. And part of the reason for that is we hire only onshore people. And there's a lot of rules and regulations that go around that. Where some states are making it illegal to offshore help. Just FYI, Texas is one of them. And. And that includes even developers and stuff, because they want all the databases stored in the United States and, you know, everything like that. And so we're able to do that because we don't offshore our labor and because we've got, you know, certified billers. But we're also. We work it from an angle where we know rules and regulations and, you know, mental health parity acts, and we're referencing those constantly to. To be able to fight against, you know, collusion and price fixing.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay. That makes sense in terms of, like, going through an acquisition exploratory process. Is that something that you would be, like, open to if we promised that we could keep it for, like, a two week process?
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): I mean, the length of the time isn't, isn't important to me. You know, I've always been approached a lot of times about either, you know, people acquiring my clinic or people acquiring my VA business. And, you know, I've always looked at it and always been open to it, but it's really just about, for me, at the end of the day, making sure that the people that we have are taken care of, you know, and making sure that, you know, there's, there's something, you know, that's sustainable for me like to. Because a lot of my revenue actually comes from my billing business. There's less, there's more profit margin in my billing business than there is in clinics.
Nathan Peereboom: Gotcha. Can you, can you help me understand the dimension of your business? So like, just in terms of like, number of people you have working for you, number of clinicians that you support, revenue, profit margin, like just that stuff. Just how I understand how big.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): So high level. High level. You know, it's the pinnacle of everything. Before the change, healthcare outage because that really kind of devastated our business. And why we leaned heavily more into some automation and some scripting, you know, that went along with that. We were, we had employed 22 people and we had it siloed out just by like job titles as far as like or job roles, I guess. Like we had one person dedicated to verification of benefits. We had certain people that we placed with certain accounts, you know, and it was the same people every day so that they could be familiar with those accounts and they were billers. We had one dedicated person on prior authorizations. We had one person dedicated to specific denials that were more complex as opposed to like less complex denials. And so that's kind of how we had the workload parsed out after the change. Healthcare outage it really kind of devastated our business because it made everything 100% manual. We had to fax and mail in claims and actually fill out those, you know, forms. The CMS 1500s, we had to do that all by hand when ehrs could do that for us before. And so we were literally like bubbling spreadsheets. So it took everything to like a manual process and we had to track everything on spreadsheets because we just weren't prepared for that kind of global outage. And so that took my. We basically did a mass layoff after that to be transparent. And now we're down to eight people. But we service, it's not so much. We have 76 accounts. In those accounts, it could be a provider, you know, that's a single provider in a clinic, but the max that we have is 16 providers in one clinic. So, you know, and the volume of that changes, especially if they're medication management versus therapy, because there's more appointments and, like, revenue to be made from that, where we're actually making more of a profit margin on time. Our VA services is through our work with Mental Health manager. That's why I said I wanted to keep that partnership dealing with. Because rather than getting 7% on a claim, which equates to about 8 to $12, depending on what codes are being bundled for the, for the mental health, like, psychiatric stuff that we're doing, of course it's higher for like Spravato if we're doing buying bill services in cms, but just for regular therapy med management, which is your run of the mill stuff, it's around 8 to $12. Now we're getting $22 for playing with mental health manage the way that we've set up, like our business arrangements with other clinic owners.
Nathan Peereboom: Gotcha. That totally makes sense. And again, just because, I don't know, like, how much revenue do 76 clinicians like, give you? Like, what's the basic.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): So we vacillate between it, between like, you know, what kind of denial reasons are happening. But a rough ballpark of that is we're getting about 68 to $100,000 in Reven in per month.
Nathan Peereboom: That totally makes sense. Very cool. And then. So. Okay, great. So tell me, Brittany, like, and I'm just going to be transparent with you. I think that there might be some really cool opportunity here. And you know, we would like to go through a process that is that to you is fair, efficient, transparent, and honors the things that you care about. In particular, continuing this collaboration between your clinic and your managed service company and your revenue business, as well as being good stewards of your team, which you care about. And I totally understand we have a diligence process in our head that I'm happy to kind of walk you through. But, like, what would be, like, best for you? Like, what would be something where you would feel. And if you've been through this before, you should just say, like, I liked this, I didn't like that. I liked this. I didn't like that. And then, you know, we can kind of come to a middle ground here.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Yeah. So essentially, you know what, what I'm usually capable of doing is giving profit and loss statements and showing like, growth. Right. And what we haven't been, what I haven't been doing is actively like marketing right now for new customers ever. All the customers that we have have been like, long standing. So one of the things that I think a lot of people who have looked at acquiring and billing businesses is what is your turn rate for your like, customers? Everybody's been with us for longer than a year and on average they're like three to five years for like our customer base. And so we kept those, the, the relationships that we've crafted with those clinics. They've. They've been important and they're relevant. And I haven't specifically gone and marketed because we've been leaning so heavily into automation to help with our billing business. One of the things that I'm going to be transferring. Hearing about with you that makes it hard for an RCM company to be sustainable, is the providers want transparency for the revenue, which means they want you to work in their systems and in their EHR where they can see it and they know how to like, look at reports inside their own EHRs. And. But that makes it hard on a billing company. And so you get billers who want to just have bill off their one platform and manually keep claims, whether it's in like easy claims or claim MD or something like that. And then. But they never inject that data back into the provider's EHR system. That causes a lot of turn rate with other billing companies when they do that. And so then what you find is billers are being forced into going into these proprietary, you know, EHR systems, whether it's simple practice therapy, notes, you know, practice to you, whatever it is. And. But what that does is it doesn't allow them to work all of their accounts that they have holistically. So they might have 10 denials for UHC in one account, 10 denials for UHC in another, but they don't know that until they're going into that. And there's no way to consolidate spreadsheets because everybody's got, you know, different column headers and things like that. So what we were leaning into was heavily with automation with that, so that we could consolidate it, make a master spreadsheet essentially, and give somebody something that's workable, you know, in a global kind of level, like a God type of view. And so, you know, with that being said, one of the things that I know that people look for in porting my business is what kind of new customers have you got coming on, coming on. And I just haven't been doing that because we've been leaning heavily in automation.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): So, you know, that's totally fine. It's not that it can't be, you know. And the one thing that I think sets my billing business apart from others is I'm in a lot of space with providers because I'm a provider myself that other billing companies don't have access to because I'm licensed. And so that's, I think, the relevant relationship for, you know, you guys to be able to maintain. And it's something that I can still, you know, assist with in some kind of. Did I lose you because you froze. There? I see you again.
Nathan Peereboom: I'm visiting a clinic down here in Miami, and so I'm working out of this cafe and they have their WI fi set on like a timer. So every, like, 45 minutes, it just dies.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): So there you go. Oh, okay. Gotcha. So you're back. So anyways, what I was just trying to say is I've got access to a lot of, like, spaces. The, the normal billing companies don't. So you might want to know that, like, going in and, and potentially build that into a relationship. Usually what I'm accustomed to giving when, when people are thinking about acquiring is like. Tax returns that we have, profit and loss statements. And I'm happy to gather that for you. I don't know what else you might need.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, so what, Let me, let me, let me say this. I think that there's going to be probably more that we need besides profit and loss statements. But I think that the first thing that we should probably do is set up some time to like, walk you through, like our vision. Because one of the things I can tell kind of just by the way that you think about this Britain, that you're someone who like really cares about your work and your legacy and how you're remembered and how people see you and how you participate in the ecosystem. Like, you're tied into a lot of different places. And so I think that the first step is actually to set up another conversation where we walk you through, hey, this is how we are planning to run your company. Should we buy it? And I think only after that do we need to do a data, you know, exchange data or anything like that. How does that sound as just like a next step for you?
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Yeah, I think that that would be good to kind of understand like what your visionary process would be. You know, one of the things that, you know, when you were showing me and you were like, this is what we've kind of built out like, so that you can see the rules and the regulations, like, and people can dump it in. I'm going to tell you, even the billers that are trained, they don't know to go look at those, those documents. It's better to have a web crawler, you know, if you can do that, it updates those policies. But you can get a lot of that data already just from like, you know, AAPC content for like what rules and regulations are, you know, ncci, cms, you know, and using those hubs where, you know, the apa, ama, using those hubs as a data source would be better off for you than asking people to upload it because they're not gonna probably do it because they're lazy.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, no, we, we have like a whole preset rule set that we update all the time.
Nathan Peereboom: So totally makes sense for us.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Okay, perfect. I think that's right. And one of the things I'm interested in asking you about with that, without crying too much. So tell me if it's too much, what do you do when they have new CPT codes that come out?
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): So, for example, CMS just sunsetted like this provided code S0013 in favor of J0013 because it's not a specialty drug anymore. But none of the payers had enough notice to update their systems. And it's like, you know, they haven't even created new coverage policies for that. It creates like auth issues and things like that. So how are you kind of handling that?
Nathan Peereboom: So we haven't dealt with that particular challenge before, but we do have like an auto appeal system. So when we get a denial, we have all the clinical context and the rule set to build and send that appeal back. And, and so my anticipation is that, you know, if something were to get denied because the code was wrong, we'd probably just recode it and send it back to the, back to the.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Yeah. And so. Well, the, the issue with that is, it's. What happens in those instances is there's an authorization that you have to be done. And they're saying, and what, what happens when these new codes come back is they're saying no off required, because the code's not even loaded in the utilization management team for whoever's doing the authorizations. And so it's saying no off required. And then when you go and you submit it, they're like, oh, it's going to deny or it's not. It's just going to deny on that one line level. It's not going to deny the whole claim. The rest of the codes will pay out. And so, you know, when you're running into that, when it's not loaded, I think it's a little bit more of an appeal process. But that is something that typically happens. You're going to find that across all specialty spaces, whether it's like oncology, cardiology, whatever the case may be at the beginning of the new year with some code, because there's always some changes.
Nathan Peereboom: Brittany, do you do just behavioral health or do you do everything?
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): We do everything we've done, even iop, billing, cardiology, billing. My biller that I had previously, we did several. It was an infusion center for oncology and chemo drugs.
Nathan Peereboom: What percentage of your RCM business is behavioral health?
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): It's honestly, like right now, 95% of it, we've got a podiatrist. You know, we've done speech pathology before physical therapy. And so like they're very small sectors. And it's only just because I don't know those specialty spaces.
Nathan Peereboom: Well, no, we don't. Yeah. Okay, well, listen, this is, this is great. Let's, let's get some time on the calendar. I'm going to open up my calendar. I have to run it too. Brittany, also, are you, where are you in Texas?
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Yeah, I'm in Texas. I'm about an hour north of Dallas in a town called Denison.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, great. Okay, so I'm going to look at my calendar here. How does Monday at like 11 o' clock work for you to have a, have a conversation?
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Yeah, let me look at my calendar.
Nathan Peereboom: Oh, sorry. 11. So I think that's 10:00am Your time.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): That will actually work for me. The only. We may. I don't know we've got bad weather coming in on Saturday, and the last time it was gonna like this, it was Snowmageddon in Texas. We were without power for, like, three days. But if that happens, I can shoot you a message. But hopefully it won't happen this time.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, perfect. Well, that's totally fine. I'm going to put a full hour on, and that's going to give us time to. You know, just really get into the nitty gritty of, like, who we are, what we do, what we're looking for here. And I hopefully that gives you, you know, you can ask questions. I'll, I'll send a free email before with all of that, but does that sound good?
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Yeah, that sounds great. And you said it was it at 10 or
Nathan Peereboom: 11, so it's going to be 10 o' clock your time. 11 o' clock ours.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Yep. Got it. Okay.
Nathan Peereboom: I've got it.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Beautiful.
Nathan Peereboom: Awesome.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): All right.
Nathan Peereboom: Thank you so much. I really appreciate it. And I'm really excited to kind of walk through this together on Monday. Okay, likewise.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Appreciate it. You have a good one.
Nathan Peereboom: All right. Lovely.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Take care. Yes.
Nathan Peereboom: Bye.