Nathan Peereboom: So you got that? Tell me. Just kind of catch me up. When did you get approved for credentialing? And what are you kind of hoping for here?
Adedayo Adebisi: That was last week. I got my own, so I have my group and my home that I can use to.
Nathan Peereboom: Bill, that's so exciting. Congratulations.
Adedayo Adebisi: Well, thank you. How does it feel? Yeah, it feels good. They've been billing for me. To create a group before, but now. I don't have any experience with medical billing by myself, so that's what I am looking into. Who will be able to do that?
Nathan Peereboom: Okay? Awesome. Do you have patient volume right now?
Adedayo Adebisi: Yeah. So I am nervous because. I may be 6 today or 5 or so for medica. So I wanted to know how I'm going to build them.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. Let me just walk you through how we can do your billing should you want us to. And if you want us to do your billing, we can do the bills starting this morning or even in retroactively. Actually. How does that sound? Do you want me to walk you through our billing process and then we can get rolling?
Adedayo Adebisi: Yeah, sure. With Medical. Is there any specific things that you need or that is required to get billing started?
Nathan Peereboom: No, I mean, we collect your documents because we have to have all your numbers and all that jazz. But no, it's pretty straightforward. And I think, if you recall, we checked our clearinghouse to make sure that we did medi cal. So there's some, like, you know, it might take a week or two to just connect it. But Medi cal is a pretty big insurer. It's not going to be that hard.
Adedayo Adebisi: Okay? Yeah. I just want to go because it works out. Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: All right. Well, let me do this. I think that I probably have walked you through this presentation before, but I'm just going to jog your memory and go so sort of quickly. We already talked about jot, Bill, right?
Adedayo Adebisi: Joe Bill.
Nathan Peereboom: Oh, we didn't or we did?
Adedayo Adebisi: I think we did.
Nathan Peereboom: Do you want me to do? You want me to kind of give you the spiel again, tell you about it? I'm super happy to. And then I can make a recommendation to you, if that's good.
Adedayo Adebisi: Just have a patient coming soon, but it's okay. So that's no need.
Nathan Peereboom: No need.
Adedayo Adebisi: Yeah, I'll be good.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay. Gotcha. So do you want me just to sign you up then? Do you want me to help you get an MSA and get rolling?
Adedayo Adebisi: Yeah. So how much is it? I'll do. How much would you. I mean, do you get per billion or do you get per billion or per patient?
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. So here's how it works. We don't collect, we don't take anything from you. Unless we actually win the bill. So there's three different levels. There's essentials, complete and max. Essentials is what I would. I would actually probably start with complete, because what you want is you want us to check for eligibility. You want us to write pairware notes, you want us to submit a clean claim, and then you want us to make sure you get paid. So my recommendation would be to go complete or Max. It's 6 to 8% of only the collections we get for you. So nothing else? And it is all inclusive. We're also running this program right now. This is a little crazy, but we're paying people $500 in job site credit if they get us all the required information within seven days of signing our msa. And the benefit of that? And the reason we do it is because we just want to get started and start taking care of you as soon as possible. So all you have to do is get us. I think it's like five different things. It's like your NPI number, your tax number, your license, et cetera. And then we're good.
Adedayo Adebisi: Okay? Okay? I'm sorry. Go ahead. Sorry.
Nathan Peereboom: No, after you. After you.
Adedayo Adebisi: Yeah, it's all for medical. Do you have anything? Is it different from. Okay, you said no. Never mind. Yeah. Thank you. Said no.
Nathan Peereboom: Everything's the same. Here's another. Yeah. So it's all straightforward. If you want us to do credentialing for other payers, we're also happy to do that. So if you're like, oh, I want to start serving other payers, we're happy to set that up for you. As a separate thing. But, yeah, for know, it's pretty straightforward. Yeah. Again, it's like 4 to 8%. All you have to do, just as a reminder, is you just sign the note. As soon as you sign the note, we take care of everything else. You don't have to do anything.
Adedayo Adebisi: Okay. Got you. Okay.
Nathan Peereboom: Adido, if you want to do this. I guess. I think you want to do this right. You want us to build for you.
Adedayo Adebisi: Yeah, because it'll be too much work trying to be my for myself. I'll need a biller for medical for sure.
Nathan Peereboom: Let me do this. I'm going to send you the MSA right now. And if you could get this signed, we can get time to just kick off your onboarding. Today or tomorrow. So how does that sound? Do you want me to send you the agreement? We can get it buttoned up and just get rolling.
Adedayo Adebisi: Yeah, sure. Today will be good also. So I'm looking at that. You said if. I'm saying. If I say it correctly, it says 6%. Of what you would charge.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, Exactly.
Nathan Peereboom: So it's 6%, but it's 6% only if you receive the money. So if you don't receive, it's not like of things that we bill for, it's of things that you actually win.
Adedayo Adebisi: Oh, gotcha. Okay.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, because our theory here is that we just really believe in our product. So we're like, we want to just get paid when you get paid. We don't get paid before, there's no startup fee. It's all based on us really believing that our product is amazing, and we want you to be happy with it.
Adedayo Adebisi: Okay. So thank you. Sounds good.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, great. So I'm going to send this over to you. This is going to be to you in two seconds.
Adedayo Adebisi: Okay, no worries.
Nathan Peereboom: And then, let's see. Okay? And then I'm going to say next. And. Send. Okay. So do you mind just looking in your email for a document?
Adedayo Adebisi: Okay? Set it to. Okay. This is where you sent it to ap, okay? Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: Great. So if you could just fill out that document. I'll then get time with you and Adam to just start billing immediately.
Adedayo Adebisi: Okay, I agree to. The. Okay, where is it? Okay. You said if you want to withdraw our consent, I will have to email you, right? Is that what.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, you just email me. But there's no time period. It's very flexible. You can stop at any time.
Adedayo Adebisi: So it's going to be all electronic?
Nathan Peereboom: Yes, everything's electronic. That's right.
Adedayo Adebisi: Let's go to this, okay? Two Grace supervision. To be direct. Access. Okay? So my title will be. So 6%. So you recommend the complete one?
Nathan Peereboom: Psych.
Adedayo Adebisi: Okay.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. I think you want complete audio because you want us to be reconciling. What they are telling you. They're paying you with what's in your contract.
Adedayo Adebisi: Okay?
Nathan Peereboom: And then eventually we'll probably want to do the 8% so that we can make sure that they actually pay you what they say they're going to pay you. But I think 6% is a good spot for you to start right now.
Adedayo Adebisi: Okay? Okay? Sorry, one second. Yeah, I did it.
Nathan Peereboom: Awesome. Okay, perfect. And so now what I want to do, I'm just going to go through a quick checklist with you. So that we have all the critical information. On board.
Adedayo Adebisi: Okay, okay.
Nathan Peereboom: So we're going to do the 6% plan. We're starting with Medi Cal. We're going to do the ERA for you.
Adedayo Adebisi: I'm sorry, Nathan. One second. I'm sorry. One second, I promise.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, sure.
Adedayo Adebisi: Okay? Yeah, I'm back. Sorry.
Nathan Peereboom: Don't worry. No worries. Okay. So, let's see. Your current billing status. So the patients you would otherwise see today, you're not billing for them basically right now, Right? Do you have a backlog? Is there a backlog of payments?
Adedayo Adebisi: No. So all the patients that have been seen before now are all, like, commercial insurances, which I'm already credentialed with. And I have biller. I have two billers for those ones. Those are fine, but they don't build medical.
Nathan Peereboom: Gotcha. Why do your billers not bill medical?
Adedayo Adebisi: I don't know. They just don't. Some reason. I have another one. I have two that can build medical, but they have an ehr. I have to use their ehr. And I can have two ehrs. Like, I can have their ehr with their billing and then add your ehr. I'll be paying for too much. What's the name of that one again? I see a note.
Nathan Peereboom: Oh, I cannot.
Adedayo Adebisi: Yeah, I can note. So I have to use an EHR if they want me to build, and I can have two, that's why. Okay? Perfect.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, that's also really helpful. Let me see. Anything else here that I need to go through? Oh, last question. And then I would just want to get you scheduled for your onboarding.
Nathan Peereboom: So I think that we mentioned this before, that and this is completely optional. But sometimes people ask us to do an analysis of their current billing situation. And I just want to bring this up with you, because if you're working with commercial payers, You may find it really helpful. To understand what you're earning. Where money is getting lost or caught. Let me just show you this. What changes would unlock. The most value for you. Now, if this is something you'd be interested in, we can do it at any time.
Nathan Peereboom: But it is something that in our perspective is really important. For your foundation because you want to know, and you want your biller to know the whole situation for your practice.
Nathan Peereboom: So I would just say, well, let me ask you, is this something that you would be interested in? Is this something that you would find helpful at a one time basis?
Adedayo Adebisi: Maybe something. I will think about it. Possible to take to hold on a little bit or are you busy so I can quickly see this patient? I have somebody waiting on that.
Nathan Peereboom: Go see your patient and then come back. Thank you. And I'll be here. Okay.
Adedayo Adebisi: Okay. Thanks. Yep.
Nathan Peereboom: You bet.
Adedayo Adebisi: Thank you. Yeah, I'm back. I'm sorry.
Nathan Peereboom: No, you're totally, totally good. Okay, great. Why don't we. The last thing we have to do is just get you a little setup session. Why don't. I'm just looking at our calendar here. What is your afternoon look like?
Adedayo Adebisi: Which day is that?
Nathan Peereboom: Okay? How about Wednesday? Would. What are your openings on Wednesday?
Adedayo Adebisi: Lorenz day. I'm at work. I mean. I mean, I'm in the office on. On Wednesdays. So what. What. What are we setting up for? Is it for onboarding or.
Nathan Peereboom: Yep. So basically, we just need to collect, like, your numbers and your documentation and all that. And then we can. You know, like, for example, you have a contract with Medi Cal. We need to collect that document. We can send you something before so that you, like, have everything in order. But. But we always like to just do a little introduction and make sure that everything's in place so we can start billing for you.
Adedayo Adebisi: Okay, so you need me to. Can you send me everything that you need me to send to you? To get it, okay?
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. And this could be like a 20 minute meeting. It could be a really short meeting. But we also want you to know Adam Adams are he's like our billing expert. So he's the person who will be walking and guiding you through, you know, if there's any questions you have or if you're like dealing with anything that you know doesn't feel good to you. We want you to know Adam so you have a direct relationship with him.
Adedayo Adebisi: Okay, sounds good.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay. How does. Okay. So Wednesday is tied up for you, is that right?
Adedayo Adebisi: Yeah, because I'll be in office, and I won't be. I won't be paying attention because I'll be seeing patients. Totally fine.
Nathan Peereboom: What about later today? Do you have.
Adedayo Adebisi: Oh, I'm so sorry. Or maybe during break. Wednesdays. Or what about Tuesdays?
Nathan Peereboom: Tuesday and Thursday we can't do. Yeah, so Monday, Wednesday and Friday are open days.
Adedayo Adebisi: Monday, Wednesday is on Friday. Oh, what about Friday? Or Friday is too late? Right.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, because we do want to just get the ball rolling again. Because the Medi Cal enrollment might take, like, a few weeks. So. Because one thing to be credentialed. But our clearinghouse has to connect with Medi Cal. Mean, it can be, like, instantaneous, or it can take, like, a week or two.
Adedayo Adebisi: Okay? So Wednesday. I will. I'll probably look for break time. What time?
Nathan Peereboom: When's your break? We can work around your break.
Adedayo Adebisi: I don't really take breaks on Wednesdays, but I will make. What do you maybe have Trin? Okay, let me see, because I think. I have. I have. Let me see. Do you have anybody? Okay, so no Wednesdays for me. So I can do. I think she goes on. What time do your. How many hours are you ahead or behind?
Nathan Peereboom: I'm in Eastern time. Where are you?
Adedayo Adebisi: Pacific.
Nathan Peereboom: Pacific.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, how would. Let's see. So. Okay, I'm looking. Here are the times that are available for us. We could do 10:00am our time, so 8:00am yours. Eight thirty your time. Or. No, no, I'm sorry. You're three hours behind. So that's 7 or 7:30 in the morning. Or we could do 9:30 in your morning, 10:00 your morning, 10:30 your morning, 11 your morning. Oh, actually, not 11. 12, anytime between 12 and 2 your time. On Wednesday.
Adedayo Adebisi: The Morning Times you say you have 8:00.
Nathan Peereboom: Yep. We found 8:00. You want 8:00?
Adedayo Adebisi: Yeah, I think it's better because I will. Yeah, I think it's better that week because I'm going to drop the key. So now I'll be driving to work. Okay. I think so he said 8:00 or do you have 8:30 or so or ish or.
Nathan Peereboom: No, 8:30. Is even better for us. Can we do 8:30?
Adedayo Adebisi: Yes. Nice to 8:30. Yeah, that's good.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay.
Adedayo Adebisi: 8:30 on Wednesday. You guys saying, like, a reminder or.
Nathan Peereboom: I'm sending it to you right now.
Adedayo Adebisi: Okay, Yeah. Okay, so 8:30. All right. So I have another patient right now.
Nathan Peereboom: Copy. And then modify Paste, Google, meet. All right. I just sent it to you. Let me know if you got that.
Adedayo Adebisi: Okay, one second. Hold on, hold on. I'm so sorry. I'll be with you.
Nathan Peereboom: Fine. Okay.
Adedayo Adebisi: Hi, Gregory, how are you? I'll be with you in one second, okay? Yeah, I'm finishing up. One second. Okay, I'll be with you. Sorry. Thank you.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay. So, adedeo. We will send you. We're going to send you the things you need for that Wednesday meeting. We'll see you at 8:30 in the morning on Wednesday and we're going to get started as soon as we can, okay?
Adedayo Adebisi: Okay. All right. Thank you so much.
Nathan Peereboom: Take care. Bye. Bye.
Adedayo Adebisi: Thank you. Bye. Bye. Yes.