Kimberly Heath: Yeah, I can't. That's why I'm not turning on my video. I really didn't wake up in enough time to look presentable in my opinion.
Nathan Peereboom: But that's okay. I, I take meetings from bed all the time. It's all right.
Kimberly Heath: Yeah. So. But yeah, it is early here right now.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, well, I, despite the hour, I appreciate you, you jumping on. How long have you been using jot psych? What's your relationship to jots? Like right now?
Kimberly Heath: I've probably been using jot psych since 2023 or 2024. I'd have to look up exactly when I started, but pretty much when I started my first business. I, my friend, I think told me about Jotsy.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, very cool. And how do you currently do billing? Like tell like I, I know that we're kind of on this call to talk about our billing services and the way that we support that. What, what's your current practice? What do you like about it? What do you dislike about it?
Kimberly Heath: Well, billing. I'm using platforms like Headway or Alma to basically do, to push my billing through. Yeah, I guess like what I haven't found yet is like a simple, reasonably priced one stop shop where it can do everything. So I would say like that's like the biggest struggle. Like you know, ordering labs and putting in prescriptions. I think I've seen one like at the companies that I work for, but I would still say like it's not ideal for like charting. They don't, I don't use their, I don't know if they have one but they haven't asked me to use like their AI service. So they're always missing some. There's always something. Missing something. Right?
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah.
Kimberly Heath: So yeah, I mean it's billing specific question. I mean like I feel like I don't really know what I'm doing but you know, with Google's help I can usually find the right code to put in.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, yeah, no, that makes a lot of sense. You mentioned. So I know you are, correct me if I'm wrong, but it sounds like you work in multiple practices and then you also have multiple MSOs that you probably bill through right now. Is that right?
Kimberly Heath: Yeah, technically.
Nathan Peereboom: And then you're. Do I. And correct me if I'm wrong, but my imagination here is that you're trying to kind of start carving out your own practice where you're not paying kind of the, you know, the troll toll to the MSOs and you run your own practice and your own all in one EMR that does. EPrescription, lab orders, billing, the whole kitten caboodle. Is that right? Is that, like, the goal? You want to start pulling patients into that non MSO private practice?
Kimberly Heath: Essentially, I haven't figured out how to do that seamlessly. I did have my own, you know, EMR system, but I actually recently got rid of it and decided just to use because I was talking to a colleague and they said that they just used headway now.
Kimberly Heath: Yeah, I'm not 100 happy with headway, but however, to save that money, I, I'm okay with it at this very moment.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah.
Kimberly Heath: So because I'm not that big, you know, personally like my personal business, so to start filtering them through my business. Yeah, I don't know, I'm hoping more growth will come from, you know, I'm just finishing up building a website. So I think that's like the next step to help filter, I think some of the traffic to my personal business. But I don't know when I'll buy another. Oh yeah, Yeah. I don't know exactly how big I need to get. She said you don't have to purchase or like pay a monthly subscription for your own EMR until you get bigger and like more patience is what she was saying. So I'm just trying totally.
Nathan Peereboom: Are you, where are you in your credentialing journey? Are you credentialed outside of the MSOS for your own private practice? Like, yeah, some people sometimes we talk with. Because Kimberly, you're in a very, I would say, common situation where you're someone who's been practicing healthcare and is, you know, starting to, you know, carve out their own private practice and there's a lot of like, what we call cold start problems, you know, like, how do you get patients before being credentialed? Where do you get credentialed if you don't have patience yet? Like, do you have to set up an EMR or get patients for, you know, like, you have all these things where you're like, where's the chicken, where's the egg? At least that's what we hear from people in your similar situation.
Kimberly Heath: Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: But tell me, does that resonate? Is that, is that how it feels? Does it feel like there's a lot of these cold start problems as you're trying to transition?
Kimberly Heath: Yeah, I guess so. I guess that's a. I guess you could call it that. Yeah, I would say so.
Nathan Peereboom: Another, another question. The reason why I'm asking all these is a core value of our company is we don't, we don't, we have a bunch of different products. We never try and sell something to someone that is not going to be useful for them because it doesn't actually ever work out. In the long run, we only. We only kind of offer and, you know, suggest things that we think are going to actually be really helpful and appreciated in the long run. So one of the things that I always am curious about is like, let's say that you. Let's say that you could hire an expert for free. Someone came to you and they were like, we can create any expert, and they can serve you, Kimberly, for three months in. In the service of, like, helping get you rolling here. What would you have them?
Kimberly Heath: I mean, I guess.
Kimberly Heath: I mean, there's a few things everywhere. I feel like I'm mistake. It's not. Excuse me. It's not like one area. It's like. Like, for example, if I could, I would want to use like, my website and just bring people there. And then you click somewhere and it takes you to make an appointment. Kind of like. Kind of like works like, you know, headway or Alma. Like, I don't have that. I'm building that, but I still don't even. Once it's done, like, what I'm seeing, it's still not gonna. Like, it's linking up with headway. So it's like, okay, so once I get rid of headway, where do I go from here? Right?
Nathan Peereboom: So which.
Kimberly Heath: Then I think I would have to have my own EMR is what I'm thinking. So, like, these little refined, as you call the chicken, where's the egg kind of idea is probably where I need refinement or help. But I guess I am like, putting that on the back burner right now because it's like, I don't know if I have the volume. And even if I had the volume, that I'd have to find the time at that point, at this point, you know, so right now, you know, before I had the time, but I didn't have the volume.
Kimberly Heath: And I am actually seeing. You know, I'm not saying. Look, look, before I finish the statement, I just want to make it clear. It's not like I have a flood of patients waiting to see me, but I have seen an increase, you know, in the recent. Maybe it's because it's a new year. I don't know. Something about insurance changes, but. And so it is overwhelming trying to fit the patient in, give them time, and then figure out the billing, the charting. I don't know. I feel like you need multiple people really solve this problem. I don't know.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, well, let me tell you, I mean, I'd love to just offer our vision of what we think this world should look like and what we've built in jot Psych. And there are a bunch of different ways that you can dip your toes into using us as your system of record, which what I'm hearing, the thing I'm hearing from you, Kimberly, is that, like, you really want one suite that does the whole thing so that you can just focus on clinical care. You're like, I want patients to come in schedule on my calendar. It's on the calendar implicitly, like, eligibility gets checked. I see the patient. I deliver care. You're already using job site, so you want the note to be written for you, and then for the billing stuff, there's. There's not a single clinician ever in the history of this country that has wanted to do their own billing. So. So I. I take it that you also want that done as well.
Kimberly Heath: I mean, it would be nice. Yes.
Nathan Peereboom: It'd be nice.
Kimberly Heath: That's a dream.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, that's the dream. Yeah. Well, our dream is essentially to. From. From calendar set all the way through reclamation of cash payment. That's. That's what we handle. We don't do patient acquisition, so I got to be really clear about that. We currently, you know, we don't interface with, like, we don't market to patients. We don't do anything on the. Front end of acquiring patients. And the reason we don't is because our belief is that the clinicians we serve are actually the best at that. Clinicians go to see particular clinicians in this world, they develop therapeutic alliance with those patients, they get referred by other patients like that. That whole universe we think that you're actually the expert in, so we don't participate there.
Nathan Peereboom: But what Jotsack does at this point is literally everything else. So, you know, if I, you know, if I open up job site, I mean, and I think you probably know this, you know, if you schedule with us, you know, you can, you can put an appointment on the calendar before a appointment happens. We'll check eligibility. So you can, you can run your eligibility checks through us and you can see, you know, insurance verification in the software. When the note is actually written and recorded, you can put in the code that you want to use. And what we'll do is we'll tell you whether we agree or don't agree with that code. So we'll say like, hey, you know, we actually think you should use these two codes rather than just a 99213. So we'll help you with the coding. We'll also, you know, show you where we think there's content missing and reimbursement risk. And you can fix those, those items directly using AI. And then after that, you can just sign your note. We have attestations to make sure that, you know, if PDMP is required to be reviewed, you know, you just give us a little click and we, you know, we add that, that's, that's reviewed. You can sign your note. After that, you're done. Like, after that, your process, your experience with, you know, with the billing cycle at least is completely done. We have a team that using I will the note, write the claim, submit it, auto appeal, if there's a denial, reconcile payment in your, you know, in the bank with actually what's in the era. Reconcile the ERA with what's in your insurance contract, that whole thing. We also do credentialing, you know, so if you wanted to be credentialed with more clinics, we can do that. And then as you know, we already have forms, we have labs, you know, documents, follow up payment, etc.
Kimberly Heath: So it looks good. What about, I don't know, did you already say this? Prescriptions?
Nathan Peereboom: Yes. So prescriptions are launching in 48 hours. This is like very exciting for us. Okay, so if you were interested in. Because we hear this all the time, we hear, hey, everything's there except Prescriptions. And we're we're really, really excited to launch Prescriptions next week. If you if that was something that was like the longest pole in the tent, you know, my suggestion would be that we set you up to onboard for e Prescriptions so that, you know, if you're already using jets, like, you might as well be sending e prescriptions to us as well. So it will I mean, I'll ask the question. Is that something that. Would be important to you?
Kimberly Heath: Yes.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, cool.
Kimberly Heath: I don't have anything established right now, so I'm calling in all my prescriptions right now.
Nathan Peereboom: Oh my gosh. Oh, wow. So you're like actually the perfect like E prescription candidate for us.
Kimberly Heath: Okay.
Nathan Peereboom: Can I.
Kimberly Heath: Hopefully I'm just a positive thing for me.
Nathan Peereboom: Pardon me?
Kimberly Heath: I said hopefully. That's a positive thing for me.
Nathan Peereboom: It's a really positive thing. I wonder, you know, I think, Kimberly, my, my suggestion just given what you're saying is that's probably the right place for us to start. I think we should start by setting you up with E Prescriptions. In terms of billing. I think if you want us to help with credentialing, we're like, I'm happy to walk you through that offering, but in terms of billing, like, is that something that you want to learn more about? Like, is that something where, if we were able to just do your billing for you, that would be, that would be helpful? I don't want to push too much, you know, onto your plate if you're, if you're kind of considering one feature at a time. But what's helpful in that regard.
Kimberly Heath: Yeah, I think like what I'm interested in per. What you said is like, depending on like the price obviously is. Yeah, I'm interested, like we've been saying is a one stop shop. So I think I am interested. And to see what, how much it would be if I signed up and used. I don't know, it would be, I do use jots like every day, like literally every day. So it would be interesting. And if, let's just say hypothetically, it works seamlessly.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, well let me walk you through what offer billing wise. And I think that my goal here is I want to just leave with one next step for you. So whether it's, we start with billing or whether we start with E prescription or whether you say, hey, you know, I want to, you know, think about this and talk about it later. That's, that's all totally fine. But let me walk you through our, our billing solution and you know, I'll. We have, we have a few kind of options here. So as I mentioned, the billing system is primarily AI but we believe in having humans in the loop to manage edge cases. So, you know, we start out, we take all of your payer documents because your payers give you sort of a cheat code for how to write a note. They have all sorts of requirements in those long documents and they're, they're intentionally deep and obscure and like hard to human read. They're perfect for our software to read. So we ingest those documents and make payer specific templates for you. We then use the binary rules in those documents to grade both the note and the claim. And then we submit that claim for you. We manage denials and appeals and then we ensure, you know, not just compliance, but also payment and reclamation of the, of the cash at the, at the end of the day. So I showed you this before but you know, at an experience level the clinician is, is simply, you know, seeing that eligibility is confirmed, doing the encounter, signing the note, and then we report out in a real time basis as well as in monthly financial reviews, you know, what's going on, where there's, you know, gaps and how we can improve the financial picture of your practice. So at every single level we've tried to create a best in class offering. So for example, when it comes to eligibility checks, we're not just checking an API, we're also using AI call agents, we're also using human call agents. So these are hyper vigilant eligibility checks and they're specialized to behavioral health. When it comes to the documentation, we're already pulling rules from ama, cms, APA as well as all the large payers, Aetna, Optum, Cigna, et cetera. When it comes to appealing, you know, oftentimes there's a big lag there. You know, a denial will come through and you know, it'll take a long time to figure out like what does the denial actually mean? Where is the right documentation? We do all of that automatically because we're able to read the denial, connect it with the payer contract, read through the clinical documents and then immediately same day write back an appeal letter. And then of course you do patient billing and collections, which a lot of clinicians don't like to be involved in. In terms of pricing, our view is that we want to just price right down the center of the green for the industry. So we don't, we don't have a different pricing scheme, we don't price premium, we just do the simple 4, 6, 8% which is standard for a billing company. We let people choose where they want to fall there. So you know, at 4% it's really just like kind of bare bones. Like we get you all the way through submitting the claim all the way up to max, which involves us actually like doing a lot of underpayment detection, managing and interfacing with your patients, dedicating a billing manager to it, etc. In terms of getting started, there's the place where we recommend someone like you get started is actually just like, like helping us get your documents so that we can calibrate your jot psych to write pair aware documentation. Even if you're only using jot psych as a note generator, you still want to have your payer, your payer specific rules inside the software. It's just you're going to get a better note. Now, if you're already billing, and I don't think this applies to you, but if you're already billing, we'll actually do an analysis project to figure out, like, what you're earning, where you're losing out, what you could do to, to improve your billing picture for you. I think this would make most sense at a contract level. Like, if you were interested in seeing, like, what's in your contracts, that would be, like, a good place to start. So let me pause there. How is that landing for you? Like, do you have any questions about this?
Kimberly Heath: I thought that was a lot. But no, I don't have any questions right at this very moment. No.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay. In terms of volume, you mentioned that you, you know, volume is something that you're still ramping on. How many patients do you see in your private practice?
Kimberly Heath: Honestly, right now it's anywhere from. I think it's like right around like five or six at this point.
Kimberly Heath: There's not a lot. However. Okay. I work a full time job on top of this and another like contract job. So I technically have like five jobs. So I mean, I'm busy all the time, so. Which is fine for me right now. I know that sounds small, but I'm actually feeling overwhelmed with it. I'm like, I don't even know when to see you people. So.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, but.
Kimberly Heath: Yeah, so I don't know. But this does look good. Is that price that I saw, is it 300amonth? Is that what I saw for this?
Nathan Peereboom: No, no, no. 300 is just a one time cost for the job. Bill analysis where we like look through your documents and your. And you don't have to do it. It's optional. But it's something that if we're your billing company, we like to do because it enables us to know exactly where to focus.
Kimberly Heath: Having a hard time understanding exactly that. What you're going to look through our forms and our billing. I don't really understand this process or what. Why you, why I would need it. Honestly.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, I, I don't think that you need it given your volume. Okay.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, I, I think the, the way that we. Oops, sorry. Okay, so here, I'll just show you an example. So this was a analysis we did for a clinic down in Florida.
Kimberly Heath: Okay.
Nathan Peereboom: And what we did was we looked through like all of their claim data. So we figured out, hey, where, what service codes are you using, what's getting reimbursed, how are different payers reimbursing different service cod? Where is money getting delayed or lost? Where are your contracts lagging or old? What changes would make, you know, your clinic more profitable?
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, now you don't have this data
Kimberly Heath: small idea that that's what it was, but I was like, yeah, you're right. I'm definitely not at this volume yet, but I hope to be one day. But this does look like a very good resource if like, yeah, if you have had patients a lot actually. So that makes sense.
Nathan Peereboom: I think that my, my guidance to you would be that we should just start you on JOTRx, like the E prescription offering. And if you find that you can use jot Psych as your full ehr, then I think it makes sense to bring you in for, you know, for billing help. I mean, we can always do your billing. You know, all you have to do is send me an email and be like, nate, can you guys just, like, handle my billing? And we can, like, you know, it's all in job site, so we just turn that on and, you know, your billing gets. Gets done. Right. So that's always an offering. But what I'm hearing from you is that it's the. The other EHR features that are really challenging for you right now is, is. But is that right?
Kimberly Heath: Yeah. Because I mean honestly if I think about my long term goal for my private practice and building it, I honestly just want to be cash paying. I don't even want to deal with billing like it is such a hassle. It really is time consuming a hassle. And then, and then the insurance companies want to tell you what you can and can't prescribe. I don't know, it's very tedious and so I would, so I would rather. My hopes. I don't know if I hear it's actually possible. So my dream is to only have CA paying patients on my like. So if I was going to put Jot Psych on my website as like a click button to link and go with or like make an appointment, I would want to do just cash only. But is that feasible? Yeah. So only time will tell. But that's what I'm trying to do is build cash paying clients which you guys saw that you, that Jot Psych you can also collect cash paying.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. So you could do this right now. You can just go in at the bottom of any note, click payment, type in the amount you want and it sends to the patient. You can also do that in the patient tab so you can find a patient and select directly from them. So, so that's already like there and you know, completely available to you.
Kimberly Heath: Do you have to like, is that a service, an additional like thing that I have to sign up for or like you have to sign up through stripe or something like that or. No.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, there's, I mean there's a little signup process just because we have to put the money in your bank account, but we, it's a pass through fee so we don't, we don't make any money on this. This is just a service we like put in the software and yeah, it is through stripe though. That's correct.
Kimberly Heath: Okay, okay. Okay.
Nathan Peereboom: But what's nice is if you, if you start doing cash pay in here, you know, you'll be able to have everything, you know, in one. I haven't in this test accounts or anything but you can, you can see all of your cash payments and their status in jot Psych affiliated with the patient and the encounter. And then of course, you know, again if you're interested in learning more about you know, jot psych or sorry the billing offering, you can, you can always like turn that on here as well.
Kimberly Heath: Well yeah. Okay. Well these are, I mean honestly from when I started with Jot Psych to now, it seems like a lot of features have been added. I have been watching the buttons grow on my screen.
Nathan Peereboom: I've been watching the buttons grow.
Kimberly Heath: That's awesome. Oh, my God. It looks like they're actually making this into an emr. So it's good. I like it. I like all the options. I'm open to starting with just the E Prescription and then maybe going from there, if that's what you suggest is best.
Nathan Peereboom: Awesome. Okay, great. So why don't I set you up with our E Prescription team just to get rocking and rolling? How does that sound?
Kimberly Heath: Yeah, that's fine. Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: All right, great. How about we do Wednesday the 11th? Let me look at the team's calendar. All right. Okay. So. How would 2:30 Eastern, 11:30 Pacific sound on Wednesday?
Kimberly Heath: I don't. Yeah, I can't do that. I'm available.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, whatever's best for you.
Kimberly Heath: I start working at 11. That's the problem.
Nathan Peereboom: So. Oh, great. Let's do before.
Kimberly Heath: So if not the 11th. So 11th is a little tricky. Just so you know. I have very limited availability on the 11th, so I'm available from like, honestly like 8:30am to like probably like 10, you know, basically right before 11. I started at 11 so I could go up to.
Nathan Peereboom: That's. That's awesome. That's perfect for us. How about we do 11:30 my time? 11:30 or 8:30 years.
Kimberly Heath: Okay. 8:30 on the 11th.
Nathan Peereboom: Yep. So I'm going to write this as jot Rx kickoff, Kimberly. And I'm going to send you this calendar invite and you're going to be on with our product manager, Becca. She's amazing. She's going to take great care of you. And the goal of that is really just to give you, you know, basically just to set you up so that like, should you choose, you can start doing ShotRx.
Nathan Peereboom: There will be like some pass through cost because we have to pay the E Prescription House for it. But, you know, that's. I'm sure you expect that, but it's not. There's nothing crazy about it. Yeah.
Kimberly Heath: How much is the E. E Prescription service?
Nathan Peereboom: I have to check. I'm actually not sure.
Kimberly Heath: Okay.
Nathan Peereboom: But it's, it's something like the $80 range. Like $80 a month? It's something like that.
Kimberly Heath: Okay. Give or take.
Nathan Peereboom: I'm. Don't, don't quote me on that though, Kimberly. I, I'm a little, even if even in my position, I'm a little behind the eight ball on exactly how the team has decided to price it.
Nathan Peereboom: Um, what I do know is that it's very close to the cost that we're paying the E Prescription house.
Kimberly Heath: Okay. Okay.
Nathan Peereboom: And is Dr. Heath K. Gmail the right.
Kimberly Heath: Yeah, you can say. Yeah, that's my email.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, great. All right, perfect. And send, send. Invite all guests. Okay, perfect. Yeah, so it's there. Um, and, and we'll, we'll talk to you on Wednesday, 11th. Really exciting. We can't wait to kick off with you on there.
Kimberly Heath: Okay, great. And is it going to be you and Becca? You said Becca, right?
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, I would love to be on. I'm, I'm on a train, so I might try and like dial in, but I'm going to, I mean, I'm traveling. Um, we're. We're getting new office space in New York City, and I have to go and, like. Do some. Some finagling there, and so I might be in. In transit, but if I'm. If I am, I'll just, like, go and, like, listen to the call afterwards. Okay?
Kimberly Heath: Okay, yeah, no worries. Okay, well, thank you for your time. I appreciate it.
Nathan Peereboom: Kimberly, it's great to meet you. Please reach out if you need anything, if you want anything changed in the software. Like, we're so grateful to, like, all of you for. For using Jot Psych. And, you know, the feedback that you give us is. It's kind of like the lifeblood of. Of the product. So let us know if you want things changed. All right?
Kimberly Heath: All right, great. Thank you so much. I appreciate it.
Nathan Peereboom: Take care. Bye. Bye.
Kimberly Heath: Bye.