Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): One second.
Nathan Peereboom: Sure.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): We're just calling Kathy to see where she went. Since she's in Alaska, she may have just gone on Tom's ends, mixed up.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, no worries. There's no rush. All right, there she is. Hi, Dr. Gallardo. How are you? Hey, Dr. Gallardo, can you hear me okay?
Dr. Kathy Gallardo: Hang on just one minute.
Nathan Peereboom: Oh, there we go. Yes.
Dr. Kathy Gallardo: All right.
Nathan Peereboom: Hi. How are you?
Dr. Kathy Gallardo: I'm doing well. I'm trying to figure out why my camera isn't on.
Nathan Peereboom: Maybe at the bottom, there's, like, a little camera button that sometimes gets auto.
Dr. Kathy Gallardo: And my screen was too small, so it was hidden.
Nathan Peereboom: There we go. There you are. Hi. Nice to see you.
Dr. Kathy Gallardo: Nice to see you, too.
Nathan Peereboom: Dr. Gallardo, I have to ask. Where in Alaska do you live?
Dr. Kathy Gallardo: Juneau.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay. Amazing. My mom and dad, when they were first married, lived in Barrow, Alaska.
Dr. Kathy Gallardo: Oh, my goodness.
Nathan Peereboom: I know. Isn't that crazy?
Dr. Kathy Gallardo: That's wild up there.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: I don't know how they did it. They were up there for a year. They worked for the National Health Service. And they had this little biplane, and they would just fly from Inuit village to Inuit village. And I think it was the happiest year of their marriage.
Dr. Kathy Gallardo: They will never forget that.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. And they did the whole thing. They pulled in the whale. It was like the best year of their life.
Dr. Kathy Gallardo: It's pretty magical.
Nathan Peereboom: Well, you know, the reason we're talking is really just so that I have an excuse to visit Alaska. That's really the purpose of this call, if we're honest. Well, hey, it's so nice to meet you, truly. Brittany and Bill have told me wonderful things about you. I know you're on Os mind. Does os mind, right?
Dr. Kathy Gallardo: Yes.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, cool. I would love to just learn a little bit about your world. Tell me about your practice, who you see, and then I'm happy. To give an introduction to myself, if that's helpful.
Dr. Kathy Gallardo: Yeah. Yeah. So I have kind of a hybrid practice.
Dr. Kathy Gallardo: I started a private practice. Maybe two and a half years ago. I think that's where I'm at now. And when I started it, I, you know, people said, oh, it's going to take about five years to get up and running, get practice. And I didn't take very long, but. I realized that I did not want to be an employer. I didn't want to have staff. I did not. I would have to have a nurse. Part of it is I live in a small place and people value their privacy. And it's. It's a fishbowl. It's not six degrees of. Separation. It's two degrees of separation. And. And I learned that being at the hospital because, good God, the people who used to be married. And it was wild.
Dr. Kathy Gallardo: So between not wanting that, I thought, well, a, to make money right away would let me do some 1099 work. So I was doing that, and then I. Got to the point where I just loved the mix because if I did any more private practice, I would have to get either a nurse or a receptionist or I'd have to get more in office help. So that's my hybrid. As I do half the time I do 1099 work, I work for a company called Orbit and they're fantastic. It's just, you know, psychiatrist run and so I do in that position. I do like nights and weekends I take call. I've done lots of different things with them. You can they. They have lots of room for what you want to do. But I work. I do, er. Emergency room and consultant liaison for Kaiser in Hawaii. And I have a one day a week. I used to work in juvenile justice and the prison system in California, which that used to be 12 to 26 year olds, so I had males and females. So I just have one day of bat. My bad boys. I call them the juveniles. They're in a short term residential treatment facility. Every Friday I work with them, but that's something that's done that for a long time. And then some county mental health work, so. So that's half my time and then have my private practice the other half time and. And then just other, you know, just fun projects that I do here and.
Nathan Peereboom: There.
Dr. Kathy Gallardo: Just to stay busy. So that's. So it's kind of a mix. What it. What it lets me do and lets me stay out of. It's what I like. Perfect.
Nathan Peereboom: And I'm super curious. How did you and Brittany and Bill all meet? What's the connection here?
Dr. Kathy Gallardo: For me, it was with Oz mind.
Dr. Kathy Gallardo: So Brittany was, I think, helping Oz mind or working with them. And I think there was something that came up about billing and I was. The other part about my practice, which is a little bit different, which people don't usually do, is so I I out of network psychiatrist, private psychiatrist. So I take no commercial insurance, but I do Medicare and Medicaid. Medicaid is. That's a whole nother story. I can't quite cross over the line for that because of just some bureaucratic stuff that we're trying to figure out. Not with me, but with the decade. So it's unusual. Usually people take insurance. Maybe not all commercial insurance, but. And then maybe Medicare, Medicaid. I don't take any commercial insurance, but because I'm the only child psychiatrist in town, one who lives here. And lives here, who's committed to the community. I felt, and I've always done complex cases. I felt. Like it was the right thing for me to do is to be able to have ability to take on hard cases that nobody else would touch. So. And then Medicare. I inherited some patients from a former psychiatrist in the community, so. But I like that. It's just been a bit of a challenge from the Medicaid aspect because of that issue, but I don't know, it's a little bit of a wonky way I have it, but I like it. So the billing, I needed a biller.
Dr. Kathy Gallardo: And because don't ask me to do the building I never had to do, it worked, you know, for hospital.
Nathan Peereboom: Dr. Garda, you should stay as far away from it as you can.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): It's horrible.
Nathan Peereboom: Brittany and Bill are some of the best out there, but I don't recommend making that a part of your life. I would like to hear, though. You know? Like, what is the thing? You're not trying to, like, expand like crazy? What is the thing? Yeah, what is the thing that you're trying to do in your practice right now that is different? Like, what is. What did Brittany and Bill say to you that made you think, hey, I would love to talk with Nate and the job psych team about what they do.
Dr. Kathy Gallardo: So when, when kind of this AI Stuff came about, I thought it was fantastic. So a little another little tidbit years ago, I think, when I was.
Bill Eberhart: In.
Dr. Kathy Gallardo: Must have been doing my. Child now. So I'm General Psychiatry and Child Adolescent Psychiatry. I was in my Child Psych fellowship and I tend to be more comprehensive in my notes. Partly so because I can remember. Partly is because I like it to make sense. And, you know, you're doing so much that I think it's important to remember kind of what I'm doing. So at that time, so that would have been, you know, 25 or more years ago, I can remember sitting there going, frick. I just need the walls to have ears. Because I spend so much damn time documenting. And I had this, you know, kind of like the Jetsons, like, if the walls had ears.
Dr. Kathy Gallardo: And I thought, that's ridiculous. I just. How is that ever going to happen? So when this stuff came about, It was like my dream come true. I mean, still very skeptical. So I looked into everything. I looked into Nabla. I just. I think I had just like. But you guys were further down the line, and so I just didn't go there. So I've tried a lot of different ones, and I've loved them. I now I actually use Heidi. And deep cura and I love. But because I've always been a techie and I'm just always so curious about it, I wanted to. When they said they were doing this, I wanted to see what else. What people are doing. Because, you know, these. These have. These have come so far so quickly. So for me, that's more of that is I use Heidi and the Deep Cure in different ways. For a few patients, I use deepakura in my private practice. Heidi can be helpful even if I'm not using the listening part of it. I might dictate into it and then create my note, right? So I take all my notes so that I've got the benefit of it without having to have recording.
Nathan Peereboom: What are the different kinds of patients you use Heidi and Deep Cure for?
Dr. Kathy Gallardo: So, you know, they would both be fine. I don't know how I. The reason I ended up doing that is that. Deep cure is a bit more. I would say labor intensive upfront. Heidi is a bit more. I don't know. I could put my templates into them. And if I see the same patients over and over. Well, I don't know. They both do the same thing, but they are different. But I'm not. You know, I like them both for different things. I can play around with both of them, But I guess for deep cura, that's more of. Just more. I won't even say robust, because Heidi has gotten so robust. So, I don't know. I'm just. I'm just kind of. I just tend to use the deep cure mostly for my private patients, and then the Heidi for my other ones, where I. It can rapidly just. I can just build. On pass notes, but they both do now. But I think that's how it started. There was some features that one had that the other didn't. When I first was kind of branching out with them, and now I could do either with both of them, but. And I. Probably. Because I like to. I don't. Like to get too wedded to one thing. And I tend to be kind of loyal. I'm like, well, I don't know.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. Yeah, that makes a lot of sense. Is there anything that you wish these software did besides just, like, write your notes?
Dr. Kathy Gallardo: Not really, because I'm not. I don't have, like, I. I'm not connected into the electronic health records for anybody for this stuff. I do that, I think. Like, what are the things that I'm looking for that I like? I like them to get where they're. It's not such stilted speech. Do you think they both do a good job there? As people kind of make changes, sometimes you lose some function. So, like, with deep cura, it got to the point where it was build things in there, like, If I didn't have something, it would write in there. Not discussed in transcript. I said, no, get the frick out of there. I don't need it to say that. Just leave it blank and I'll fill it in. And they did. So they. And they. They did. It sort of moved in a direction. That it sort of forgot some of these things. For those of us who know we have to do some writing in of things or our placeholders, because our practices are different in different places. One place I have a nurse sitting in on it, and so she's collecting the vitals and then I put them in afterwards. But doesn't mean they weren't done. So I think just having the flexibility. To not get what I was doing with Deep Cura for up until about two months ago. Recently there was a change and I found I told them I'm spending more time. Undoing things.
Dr. Kathy Gallardo: That doesn't help me, if that makes sense. Right. I'm taking things out that I didn't put in, but the program is putting in. But, you know, they said, oh, you know, and they kind of fixed it for everybody. But, you know, here's the, here's the, the prompt. Here's what to tell it to do. So those things are. Fantastic. Right. It's just staying on top of it and reminding yourself, what am I doing too much work here or there, But. And I don't know, I think. But that's why I wanted to listen for you guys is, you know what. What is Jot Psych doing?
Nathan Peereboom: Where is it?
Dr. Kathy Gallardo: Where is it, people? Where are they finding it helpful? What is it? Where is it different? Or does it differ totally?
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. So, you know, I would love to talk to you about it. I think probably the best way for me to show the software is actually just to show the software. But let me just give a little context. So the reason why Bill Brittany and I work together is because our. Our AI scribe, which functions as a full ehr, actually. And we should talk about, like, if that's something you're interested in. There's no pressure, but it is a full ehr. The reason why the three of us work together is. Because our AI scribe is laser focused on revenue generation. So we take like Medicaid and Medicare rules. We actually have them baked into the software already from the cms. And we write notes in a way that respects those rules and makes sure that if you're billing for 99213, you're getting all the things that are required in 992 and three, you know, so on and so forth. Okay, let me give you a little introduction. Oh, I have to log in. Let's see. Hold everything. And there I am. Okay, great. All right. So, you know, just like Heidi and Deep Cura. You know, we're a pretty, you know, easy to use AI scribe.
Nathan Peereboom: And just like them, you can attach a patient and the previous contacts from that patient will inform new notes. I know that that's standard. We also have, you know, obviously, all sorts of different templates. Now, you'll notice in the top right, one difference is that you can e prescribe within our software. So we'll listen to the thing that you are trying to prescribe and we'll actually push it to an eprescription house. Which is really nice because it allows you to use jots, like, not just as an AI scribe, but as a full ehr. If you're a medication management clinician. Now, when you get to the note, As I told you, there's this whole audit program that codes the note and then tells you where you're missing critical content. And these rules you can modify however you see fit. So Bill and Brittany can help you and and load notes into your system, but you also can write notes. And those notes can be clinically focused, should you choose to have them. They can be billing focused, but the point is that you can look at your own practice and understand. Hey, here's where I'm, like, not doing well. Here's where I'm really doing great. Here's how, you know, any of these things is changing over time. You know, and.
Nathan Peereboom: And so you can keep improving as a clinician. The other thing that we're really proud of, again, is this idea that we are a full electronic health record. So you can send forms directly from JOT Psych, and those get synthesized into the note. You can send lab orders. You can even do arbitrary like document generation. So if you. What's it. What's an example document that you typically create?
Dr. Kathy Gallardo: Oh, you will. Create or fill in.
Nathan Peereboom: Let's say create. Like, do you ever do fmla letters or, you know, esa letters?
Dr. Kathy Gallardo: Too often.
Nathan Peereboom: Not too often.
Dr. Kathy Gallardo: Any.
Nathan Peereboom: Any document that does take some time.
Bill Eberhart: That's a sick note to your employer.
Dr. Kathy Gallardo: Yeah, you know, I really don't have a lot of those. Maybe because it's the nature of my private patients, even with my Medicare patients, because my medications are more older, they're usually all retired. And I have because I have templates I use. Templates do. I mean, I have other templates I use, but I think I have everything so automated already. That I I. Don't know that I really create documents. Well, there's no reason to create more reports if I'm doing comprehensive assessments like for. I do have a small contract with the school district here, and they'll send me. Kids that need something. But those are more. Yeah, comprehensive reports that I'm putting in a lot of the testing that I've done.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. So you can go to a patient profile and literally just say, hey, write a comprehensive assessment. It'll take all patient data and you can change anything Here. You can chat with this and be like, hey, I actually want tables or paragraphs, or I want it to be an acrostic, and then you can save. That as a template. And that way you could do these. And it doesn't have to be an assessment. It can be any document you could ever want to generate in template form and then obviously in real form with our document generator. So all I'm gesturing at here is just. It's super, super, super flexible. It's saying, hey, we are so much more than an AI Scribe. We are your shield that you hold up to payers when it comes to audits. Your assistant who's writing letters or submitting lab forms. Do you do patient pay? Do you do direct pay through Bill and Brittany?
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): No. Yeah. I don't even think you collect on your coinsurance for your Medicare people, but if you did, it was through Osmond, right?
Dr. Kathy Gallardo: Right.
Nathan Peereboom: So you can do that all through here, too, so you can finish up a visit. Write down, hey, I want to collect $20. Send it and you're done. It's as quick as a single, like keystroke. So, you know, the whole point is just that, you know, why did I start this company? I started this company because my parents, you know, who are, as you know, in medicine, just. Spent a massive amount of time on notes. They were always doing notes.
Nathan Peereboom: And really what they wanted to do was practice clinical care. And so my thought was, well, what if we created a company that allowed clinicians to be just singularly focused on clinical care, and not just at the note level, but in every way in, like, the in. In the way where when you're taking a shower, you don't have to worry about it. Not just that it takes a lot of your time, but that you're not worried about it because, you know, the software is built so intelligently that it's protecting you from all those other anxieties so that's how jot Psych works. I'm curious. I mean, again, you've got a huge amount of experience with, you know, Heidi and Cura. Like what? What? What feels the same, what feels different, what feels worse, what feels better?
Dr. Kathy Gallardo: Between those two.
Nathan Peereboom: Or when you see jot psych. Is there anything where you're like, oh, that is kind of interesting?
Dr. Kathy Gallardo: Oh, I think. I think I love the fact about just bringing some structure to what CMS wants, and that's fantastic. It's amazing because I'm. But there's times when, you know, I've thought about it, but, you know, getting your notes, just having those prompts there, placeholders, and sort of nudging you to say, hey, where is this? Because sometimes there's stuff I do it, but it doesn't get into the note, and that's can be frustrating. So I love that. That just seems amazing.
Nathan Peereboom: Totally.
Bill Eberhart: I have a question. Is it? So, Nate, does your software. Does it know, logically speaking, for example, if condition A is, say, for example, like, suicidal history? Like, we don't. You don't need to ask a family history of suicides. If there was possibly maybe. I don't know how this works, okay? The therapists, I don't. Have therapist. But what I'm saying, if they ask question A and then question B needed to be asked as a follow up, would it ignore pointing out the fact that question B wasn't involved? Because question they already eliminated the fact that, hey, look, there's no suicide in the family at all. Like, we don't even need to look at hospitalization, for example. I don't know if that's a good example or not, but
Nathan Peereboom: you can craft the rule as complexly as you want. Like, we have certain roles that are just on certain CPT codes. We have other rules that are based on the content of a Visit or the ICD10 code. You know, you could have something where you're like, hey, anyone with depression, I want this rule to apply. So it's super, super flexible. You can have any specification you want on the rule.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Yeah. So for an example of that concretely would be, you know, any unspecified diagnoses or if you led with an EZ codes, insurance companies tend to have a problem with, like, wanting to reimburse for those. And so you could create a rule that was specific to that that would flag that for you.
Dr. Kathy Gallardo: Okay? Yeah. So this would be, it might be a fun thing for me to do to just. I only have a few Medicare patients and I have a few Medicaid patients, but since that's not up and running, I'm just held off on taking anybody else. But just, just even for that, for Medicare and Medicaid. Just to move patients over to that. And start that way.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): And you know something else would be to the cost is what you're paying for deep cura what you're paying for. Heidi, if you're using the freed or the paid version, plus what you're paying for for os mind, what is the cost associated with all of those things combined versus the cost that you would be, you know, utilizing with Draw Psych if you chose to go with them.
Dr. Kathy Gallardo: Yeah.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): I think.
Dr. Kathy Gallardo: And that's where I. My heart. I get palpitations when I think about that though. Even though I'm very not anxious person. But the thought of. I guess with Osmond. I know it's not perfect, but it's just one thing that's been consistent that I the thought of moving to something else. I never know what I'm going to lose. So that's where. You know what, Brittany? Your experience and stuff can be helpful. I'm. I'm actually okay with Oz Mind. Does it do everything? No, but it seems like I've just. With the. You know, the other thing. I do use a lot of, which is why for me, things go so smoothly is I use text expander, which, you know, I got that through OS mind, you know, just the dot phrases and stuff. Knowing when that has just made my life incredibly easy when it comes to that stuff, so. Yeah. So in terms of the ehr, I'd have to hear a lot more about that because I think I'm not looking for. I don't want to have to retool everything at least. But that is something that down the line, I know there's, there's better things out there. It's just I have such a rhythm right now.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. I mean, the nice thing, Dr. Gallardo, is you can try jots, like as, you know, just a normal AI scribe. And you can play with the other features that are ehrish, you know, so you can, you know, send a few patient payments through us. You can, you know, use jot audit. You can send an E prescription should you choose and it doesn't conflict with your current ehr. And then if you should choose like, you know, at some point, use us as a full stack system. We can have that conversation at that point. So there's no pressure to turn over our strategy as a company is we want you to have such an unbelievable experience with the AI Scribe that you think to yourself, man, I wish every part of my workflow was this great. So the AI Scribe is like, it's the first date. We take you on, hoping that you get excited about something more committed. But it's definitely, like, something that is a good first experience, regardless of whether or not that's kind of where you stay.
Dr. Kathy Gallardo: Well, I guess, Brittany, what would you say when you can compare, you know, Os mind and then, you know, this one, how do they compare? Or where are they different?
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): So I think, you know, with. With Os mind, you know, the system is disjointed, right. Between what you're having to put in through what you're doing with Heidi and indeed cura. What jawsight can do for you is exactly what Osman can do for you. And the onboarding process with patients is a little bit smoother with joint sight than it is with OS mind. You know, you hear a lot in the forums, you know, about people not getting their text reminders. You know, things like that that are just basic, you know, pain points and problems or the patient consent form is not working correctly. You don't have those kind of issues with jot sync. Now, that may not be impacting you as much right now because your, your popular, your patient population is so small, right?
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): But you know, if you want it to be as streamlined and painless and have your system is integrated as it possibly could be, Jaws Psych would be the way to go with that. Because then you've got an all in one system versus piece milled technology trying to fit it together.
Dr. Kathy Gallardo: Got it. And when you onboard people for jot psych can you move records over or how how painful that process
Nathan Peereboom: so we it's really really easy. Because the thing that we are excellent at is changing data structure. If you think about that as like the core technology, you know, that's what we do with conversations. We take, you know, a lot of disparate information and conversation, and we turn into something really structured and normal. It's the same exercise when an ehr. We have transitioned so many people, it takes an hour. Basically, you know, we just sit on your computer, and on top of that, we can do it before you decide to switch systems. So sometimes for AI scribe customers, we say, hey, why don't we just push your data? Into jotsyc and you can experience it with all the clinical context that you're accustomed to. It's real for us. It's not a big deal at all.
Dr. Kathy Gallardo: Got it. And what's the appointment system like in terms of is there any flexibility in setting up when people get reminders? I'll tell you, one of my biggest pain points with Os mind is, and it may be with everybody, but I tend to do stuff late at night and when I I don't always get someone's appointment in until I'm finishing up their note, their next appointment.
Dr. Kathy Gallardo: And so I'm not going to put it in at midnight or one in the morning because if they're going to get a ping or a text, now, you know, your next appointment at 1am I won't do that. But then I. So I put it in. But I put it in as don't notify patient. Like, then they'll still get it the day before. But I don't know. Is there any. Can you. Can I just say, you know, don't notify them till the next day. I don't. Know, that might be a bit much, but that's a pain point, a real pain point for me, because people like, well, I didn't get my reminder.
Nathan Peereboom: All the appointment reminders are in relationship to the appointment itself. They're not in relationship to when you put in the appointment. So what you're looking at here is how to add a new appointment.
Nathan Peereboom: So you choose a patient, you choose the type of appointment. You can specify any kind of time recurrence and then from a reminder perspective, you can customize this however you would like. So you can do minutes, hours, days, weeks. You can do before, you can do after, and you can create as many, you know. Oh yeah, feel free. Oh, you know what? I actually also have to run. Yeah. So let's take two more minutes here and then. And then I'm going to roll. The point, though, is that the answer is yes, you have full customizability over exactly what those appointments look like.
Dr. Kathy Gallardo: Alrighty. Well, I would be interested in the sense of if you're. Again, if you're able to push everything over and I'm try it, I. I am game for that. If it's. If it's all integrated and, you know, let me give you.
Nathan Peereboom: Let me give you two options here, Doctor. Belarus. So one option is just try the software for free. Like, you know, you can go to Jotsy click sign up, just try it for free. Let's set up some time to talk talk about it. But you know how easy this stuff is. It's really not that challenging. The second thing though, we could do is we could give you, like, a white glove, just like onboarding, where we pull all your data forward. We usually charge around $300 for that, just because it takes, like, some of our time.
Dr. Kathy Gallardo: Oh, yeah, absolutely.
Nathan Peereboom: Would Would you be interested in that? It is a better experience and would be give you more of that like apples and oranges can or sorry, apples to apples comparison with osmine. Is that what you'd like?
Dr. Kathy Gallardo: Yeah, I would love that. You know, if I'm really thinking about this, Okay, great.
Nathan Peereboom: So what I'm going to do is I'm going to look at my calendar right now, and let's set a time to do that onboarding call, okay?
Dr. Kathy Gallardo: Okay?
Nathan Peereboom: All right. How would. 3:30pm Eastern on Wednesday be. Let me get that in Alaska time.
Dr. Kathy Gallardo: Wednesdays are completely out for me. I've got. I don't have any. I am booked back to back for patients on Wednesdays.
Nathan Peereboom: No worries.
Dr. Kathy Gallardo: I could do. If 3:00 Eastern would be 11:00am for me, I could do an 11:00am Potentially on a Thursday.
Nathan Peereboom: So we can't do. Let's see. We could do Monday. Shoot. Okay, so our integration team has availability. Wednesday the 11th. Friday the 13th. Wednesday the 18th and Friday the 20th. Would Friday the 13th work for you?
Dr. Kathy Gallardo: How much time would we need?
Nathan Peereboom: Probably, like, 30 minutes.
Dr. Kathy Gallardo: I could do Friday the 13th, 11 o'clock, my time, 3 o'clock. Eastern time.
Nathan Peereboom: Great.
Dr. Kathy Gallardo: I have one little. I have one forced hour between patients then, because that's my bad boy days. And so that's their lunchtime.
Dr. Kathy Gallardo: All right, but they're, you know, they're not as bad as when I was in the prison system, but, yeah. Not making good choices, and, you know, they're in the. In the system for a reason.
Nathan Peereboom: It happens. It happens. And we. Well, I would say we've all been there, but I have not been there, so taking it a little too far. All right, Kathy Gillard, what's your email address again? Dr.
Dr. Kathy Gallardo: Gallardo, I guess. Let's do ak so it's alaska psych solutions. Ak p s y solutions. All one word. No, no punctuation. Protonmail.com. Mail.com. i do have a Gmail professional Gmail address, too. I just. That one's a mouthful.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, let's see. Yep. Okay, great. So I'm going to send this to you. Can you confirm that you receive it?
Dr. Kathy Gallardo: I'm not seeing anything show up.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay?
Dr. Kathy Gallardo: It's ak as in alaska.
Nathan Peereboom: Yep.
Dr. Kathy Gallardo: Yes. Why?
Nathan Peereboom: Sorry. K P S y solutions@protonmail.com yeah, pretty sure that's right.
Dr. Kathy Gallardo: Oh, there we go. Now it showed up.
Bill Eberhart: Awesome.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, great. Perfect. Looking forward to that, Dr. Gallardo. And, yes, I do have to run, but it's so nice to meet you, and I'm really, really excited to kick off.
Dr. Kathy Gallardo: Nice to meet you too. Thanks, everybody.
Bill Eberhart: Thanks.
Dr. Kathy Gallardo: Take care.
Nathan Peereboom: Bye. Bye.
Dr. Kathy Gallardo: Bye.