Adam Harrison: Yeah, absolutely. So let's, let's definitely like take a look at that together and we'll, we'll get that fixed. Fixed for you.
Jared Harnack: So, and, and yeah, you know, I'll, I'll talk to you guys about any of this stuff that you're interested in hearing about. But I also sent a message some time back regarding the way that the, the notes are formatted to include things like medical shorthand. It is really counterintuitive to include medical shorthand from an AI perspective because it's a big no no in the medical world and these joker providers still do this stuff, creating confusion in the communication. And so while I understand the potential of trying to use the communication standard that has been used all along, it's actually against Joint Commission's directive to use any of these medical abbreviations rather to spell everything out. And so I struggle with that as well. I have to teach the AI to not do that. And it's, it still does it over and over and over again. Endlessly frustrating from my perspective because, because again, this has been a directive for over a decade. Over a decade. And so while I get it that from a certain perspective, people look at this and they go, oh, well, we're going to use the QD and the BID and all this crazy kind of stuff, because that's what they do. There's a reason they do it because they don't want to spell out by mouth twice a day. It's why they use medical shorthand. But again, why, why would we do that if we have an AI creating the, the note that. Does that kind of make sense too?
Adam Harrison: Yeah, so makes sense. And yeah, here you. On the shorthand, you know, the AI obviously isn't writing anything by hand. Right. So there's no need to abbreviate things. Right?
Jared Harnack: No need to. I mean, that's what the time saver is supposed to be about. And so if, if the AI is supposed to be a timesaver in my corner and I have to go in and edit stuff that it's doing that it shouldn't do, it makes it less helpful for me.
Adam Harrison: Yeah. Okay. And how did the AI editor work when you tried to make those changes for the abbreviations?
Adam Harrison: Did it work or did it not work?
Jared Harnack: So I ended up getting front. So but before this whole, before the transition from being able to edit a section at a time changed to editing to being this massive editor that addresses every section at once, it worked out okay because I could target the sections and change them as needed. But when it goes and tries to apply this stuff to every section, I mean you saw what I was sending you guys. For whatever reason it. It would not do it transiently for some sections. I mean all those emails I sent, most of the stuff that was included in them was notes that had one, two or three sections that had special charact or non standard hyphens or whatever that creates havoc within this EHR I was working in. But that's that part is the smaller issue, the special characters. The bigger question is why in the world is this AI not teachable from a certain perspective to not keep repeating the same errors over and over and over again?
Adam Harrison: Yeah, it certainly should be. So you know, if there's specific. I know you shared a specific example over email. So our team looking into that,
Jared Harnack: I mean a hundred of them. I've been sending them for the past three weeks, ever since, you know, for the first eight, nine months I use this system. It was great. No, no issues. And then, and then some update happened and it just screwed everything up from in my world and made things super frustrating. It's been that way for the past month and a half now. But if you look at all the stuff I've sent to the contact at smartscribe, there are boatloads of emails with boatloads of examples. And it's not just the medication access section or just the HPI section or just the what it. It's really pretty random and transient. And then over the past week it was great because it seemed like everything was working well again. Only I'm restricted to using that one template that's been updated by staff at smartscribe to not use these special characters. Because as soon as I utilize any of the other templates, I'm screwed again. And then I have to cut and paste each section, throw it into a word processor. Identify what are non standard characters, replace them with standard keyboard characters, and then cut and paste each individual section into my note so as not to crash the ehr. I know it sounds like I'm whining a lot, but I mean, I guess the hassle is. Recently this Smart Scribe hasn't been helpful for me to the point where I don't know, man, we'll see what happens when I start this new gig on the 23rd as to whether it's compatible with that system. But that's the VA system and I guarantee you they are not going to like all the abbreviations and such that are contained within the current offering of the JOT Psych Smart Scribe because it is a formal federal medical directive to not use those, which is kind of why I'm bringing that up at this point. And I've tried to teach, I've tried to teach the system to not do it. And I don't know how your updates work, but when the updates come out, it seems that it may horse up some of the teaching that's gone on in the, in the template or overrides it or changes the, it changes the formatting because again, I don't know how it exactly works, but I mean I see these things where it says update available, click to reload and, and, and I do that and then next thing you know, my, my stuff is not working the way it was previously programmed to.
Adam Harrison: Again, the one, one question would be were were your templates in terms of the formatting like the special characters, were they set up the right way pre update? Like were they working for you pre update, or were you still getting special characters that were not working for you?
Jared Harnack: So I, I guess if you look back to when I sent that first email kind of griping about this thing, everything was great prior to that. And then I probably sent so many emails to your, to your help desk that they got sick of looking at my stuff because, because it was, it was every note. I mean, man, I see 30 people a day and so, and if, if I gotta write 120 notes by hand and edit what the scribe is supposed to help me manage from a, a workload perspective, It just doesn't make sense. But what can I answer for you that's going to be helpful to manage this issue?
Adam Harrison: Yeah. So a few things that we can do here. So one, we can revert all your templates back to pre update if they will work in better. 3. Update. Now what will happen is basically the format that you get as an output will look like what it was pre update. But the new AI editor would stay the same, but you would get your old output. So that's one option. You would just need to let me know which templates you want to do that for. And I could, I can actually do that right now from my end I don't need to work with engineering. That would be the first piece and then the second piece is there is a setting that I can show you where it is in the settings panel that will help with some of the copy paste formatting issues into different ehrs. I can show you where that is. Then lastly, everything else around the AI editor not working well, those are things I will just need just relay back and summarize to engineering. But those are probably the two things I can do on this call for you.
Jared Harnack: I found this setting that allows me to not use HTML and to just copy paste. But when I do that it doesn't fix the non standard hyphen characters being used by the system. And so then I have to go and find those individually with a control F in a word processor, find and replace with a standard keyboard hyphen and then try to teach the AI to not do that again.
Jared Harnack: And that's one of the kickers that it just doesn't get it for whatever reason.
Adam Harrison: So that was the setting I was going to show you. Okay, glad you already have that set up. But in terms of the non standard characters, you know, if we revert your templates back to pre update, I think that should fix that, right? Because you didn't have those characters before the update.
Jared Harnack: Yeah, hopefully. How long has the system been trying to utilize things like, like the arrows? I mean again, when we, when we talk about some of this stuff, communication in medical records is super important. Important, clarity, understanding is super important. And one of the drivers of this is that the medical record and any notes that are written by providers, they are not the provider's notes, they are the client's notes. And so when the client goes to retrieve this stuff and can't understand what they're reading due to the medical shorthand, that creates a giant issue. And so that is my encouragement to a place like you guys who set up this scenario where I don't use any abbreviations ever. Yet the visits that I manage are filled with all sorts of medical abbreviations because of the way the AI translates stuff into the note context. That makes sense too.
Adam Harrison: Totally hear you.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, that, that's very clear. I'll be bringing that back to our, you know, companies while I get it.
Jared Harnack: I mean, big picture, right? We look at stuff and we, we look at how this stuff goes. I mean, I don't want to say stupid things like tv, movies, medical jargon and all this crazy kind of stuff. The things that people like myself want to see from a service like this is not the things that we've been relegated to do from a time saving perspective, because the scribe service is supposed to be the time saving perspective and can manage the workload of spelling everything out so that the communication can be understood by all in plain simple English, without any of these symbols, without any of these abbreviations, without any of this fluff that is problematic in the medical world.
Adam Harrison: Totally hear you loud and clear. So I will be bringing that back and. But what I can do for you now is I can reset your templates. So if you can just let me know which ones you want to reset, I can go ahead and do that right away.
Jared Harnack: I have, I. Here's what I've got right now. I've got however many notes that are in the review section. They're all. I want to say, they're all, they're all recorded within the one note that has been working the best. Does that make sense? And that is the note that was updated by the Smart Scribe staff. Um, and it worked great up until that very last note that I went to cut and paste and that was the one that I shared with you. So I don't know what's going to end up happening with these 30, whatever that are in the system. And I guess I would say. Say let's not mess with anything from a certain perspective because I don't want things to get worse again where I have to, where I have to manage everything frame by frame or section by section rather than being able to do because I cut and paste 12 sections at a time. 12, 3 and 4 is, is basically how the pattern goes. So I mean you hearing what I've got to say has been helpful enough at this point. If, if some of these things can be managed. I mean I, I guess that's the bigger thing.
Adam Harrison: Definitely. I think these are, I think I pretty clearly understand what you're saying around, you know, making sure special characters. Right. Arrows, bullets, things that are not compatible across systems. Right. Why do we two abbreviations. It's not clear, right. It's unnecessary. Why, why are we doing that? It's the patient's record, it's not your record. It needs to be clear.
Jared Harnack: It's even counterintuitive. Right. I mean we create even in, even in systems like epic, some of these giant electronic health records. They discourage the use of abbreviations to the point where they utilize built in scripting service where when I type in bid, it's a text clip that actually gets replaced as soon as I type it because, because it's not acceptable. It gets replaced by twice daily by mouth or, or whatever the, the abbreviation stands for. So it, it actually takes care of managing that. It's part of the scripting system built into some of these ehrs that don't allow the abbreviations. Right.
Adam Harrison: Makes sense.
Jared Harnack: Yeah. I don't know. That's, that's that part and I wish, I wish I was able to access these notes. I sent an email off and I'm, I'm hoping that the gal who banned me from the system sets me up again. Must have at least one recipient. Oh yeah. I don't have a whole lot else to talk about.
Adam Harrison: This is all super clear. One thing I can do for you, Jared, if you're concerned about kind of preserving the templates you have, is I can make a duplicate of the template that you like and then revert that to the pre update setting so you'll have certain, from a certain perspective.
Jared Harnack: Adam, when I look at this stuff, I had my. Templates created to fit the format that the EHR notes were created in. Does that make sense? So when I. When I go back to this CPRS junk that the VA uses, it's going to be an entirely open system. Everything is narrative charting there. There's no gui, there's no nothing. It is all just straight text. So we'll have to see what happens when. When I try to cut paste into that system, because it is not a very forgiving system. I don't know what your familiarity is with cprs, but it's.
Adam Harrison: Yeah.
Jared Harnack: It is what the feds use.
Adam Harrison: Right? Yeah. So is there. Which. Which template, Jared, would you like me to duplicate for you?
Jared Harnack: It is. Let's see. Notes. Oh, God. And these three. Crazy. So these three that are still processing from the 15th of January in my notes section, they are still processing even though they've been completed. They are just stuck there. It is called updated psych PN and then parentheses, no special characters is. Is what it says. And that's the one that your folks created for me to disallow the special characters.
Adam Harrison: Got it. Okay.
Jared Harnack: And generally.
Adam Harrison: And it still has the special characters.
Jared Harnack: Well, so that note that I sent that. That I highlighted in this visit. So if you, if you click on the link for that note and you scroll down to the section indicated in this meeting. Right. Because I think I sent an example of one of these issues when I. Yep. So if you go to that very section, I think what it included was arrows.
Adam Harrison: Yep. Okay, that's very clear. Now I have your example, so thank you.
Jared Harnack: That's one. Like I said, if you want more, there's. And I'm not exaggerating. 50, 100.
Jared Harnack: I mean, there's a crapload. In all the emails that I've sent, I actually included. I included notes that didn't have special characters along with the notes that did have special characters in the event that it was helpful to the engineers to understand why it's happening in some notes, in some sections and not others. But it just really seems pretty random.
Adam Harrison: Yeah. Okay. I think I have everything I need to kind of go back to the team and make sure we, you know, work on this. So I appreciate you sharing all this.
Jared Harnack: No sweat, man. Do you guys. Do you guys utilize like, medical professionals, or are y' all just.
Adam Harrison: We do have a clinical advisory board.
Jared Harnack: Fair enough.
Adam Harrison: Of clinicians who, you know, review the products, you know, provide input, guidance, regular feedback. We have, you know, regular meetings with them, so we do have, you know, strong clinician oversight.
Jared Harnack: I'm quite certain they will back up what I'm talking about regarding the medical shorthand.
Jared Harnack: And it just is really surprising to me. And who knows, maybe they never noticed it, but again, counterintuitive, right?
Adam Harrison: Yeah, absolutely. So I'll be sure to kind of bring this back to them as well and make sure our broader clinical team reviews as well.
Jared Harnack: Yeah, much appreciated. You got other questions for me at all?
Adam Harrison: I don't think so. I think this has been very helpful. So I appreciate, you know, you're taking the time to. To explain all this and outline all your feedback. So appreciate that.
Jared Harnack: I do that with what's surnamed Becca every once in a while as well. So I'll. I'll grab her ear and. And push a bunch of stuff her way.
Adam Harrison: I'm already pushing it direct to her, so.
Jared Harnack: Okay. She's the one I typically meet with, so I don't know. She outreaches me every so often and says, do you have time? I want to. I want to talk about some stuff. And what do you think about this new thing? And I want to see you working. I want to see how it works in the background. I was actually hoping to show her all this crashing stuff, but we couldn't make a. We couldn't make a time because. Because that's what actually happens. Right. I try to cut and paste this stuff into my system, and it. It crashes the entire note. I have to reboot the ehr. And so those are what some of those screenshots are identifying that it can't. It can't utilize the special characters anyway, so I'll make sure
Adam Harrison: Becca's fully informed because she seems like kind of she's been your more regular point person. But I'll also, you know, kind of bring this back to the broader team as well. But Becca, you know, will be my first. First person I go to here.
Jared Harnack: Yeah, I. I mean, it doesn't matter to me who. Who you talk to. It's just one of those things. Right. I got no sweat talking to any of you folks, but I have a. I have a pretty clear path of how I would like to see things. Things from a. From a professional's perspective, as somebody who actually uses this day in and day out, because my goal is improved workflow, so.
Adam Harrison: Absolutely. Absolutely.
Jared Harnack: Thank you much.
Adam Harrison: Thank you, Jared.
Jared Harnack: Yep. Bye.
Adam Harrison: Bye. Take care. Bye.