Adam Harrison: Yeah, no worries. It's a little tricky to find sometimes with the Google Meet. How are you doing?
brittni roldan: I'm doing good. How are you?
Adam Harrison: I am pretty good. How was your week been?
brittni roldan: It's been good. It's been busy.
Adam Harrison: Busy. Yeah, same here. Same here. Cool. Well, I think we could probably keep this pretty short and sweet. Unless there's specifics you want to get into. But I can just give you kind of the updates, and then we can go from there.
brittni roldan: Sounds good.
Adam Harrison: All right, so we did get a bunch of your signed health link notes that we submitted last week. So that's good. We got those out the door. A lot of them were a little bit kind of like older from last year. And I know you said. There's that. I think it was. Was it 30 days or 60 days? Yeah, so we'll do our best with those, but I think there were at least a few that were pretty recent. Like, I think Caitlin was maybe 10 days ago or something like that. There's maybe a few that. I wanted to chat through just a few questions.
brittni roldan: Okay?
Adam Harrison: But we can come back to that. So yeah, those have gone out the door. We also have set up or rather like put in a request to set up these things always like take some time, especially for health blank, it seems like to have. Yeah. To have like the eras go to job site so you'll be able to just see all the claims come back and jot seg right now, we send them out. Then we don't really know what happens afterwards. So right now, we're just kind of sending things into the abyss until Health Link gets back to us. So yeah. I think it's probably worth me following up again this week and just checking on the status of that. We submitted the enrollment for that it will go. Into like intermediary account so that we can reconcile the amounts and then it will go directly actually into your jot psych, like Stripe, which is where you also have the patient payments. And then from there you can just transfer directly to your. To your bank account so it all goes into the same place. So that's what I have on Health Link. There was that other payer as well.
brittni roldan: Yeah.
Adam Harrison: Yes, I think for them. We can start with them whenever the kind of, like, paperwork is signed and all that's good. I already submitted, like, the request to, you know, get those into our system. But, yeah, we would probably just want to start, like, after. After that is, like, finalized. So wanted to check in on, like, how that stuff, enrollment stuff is going.
brittni roldan: Okay? Y. Eah, okay. So I do have a copy of the full executed plan. As of march twelveth. Yeah. Did I forward it to you?
Adam Harrison: Yeah, I think. So. Is that the signed copy, though?
brittni roldan: Let me see. Yes.
Adam Harrison: Oh, so both. Both parties have signed.
brittni roldan: Yeah.
Adam Harrison: Sorry. My.
brittni roldan: My son is. That's okay.
Adam Harrison: Okay, cool. So you're. You're actually good to go, then, on them, is that right?
brittni roldan: Yeah.
Adam Harrison: Okay.
brittni roldan: And I think I have a note ready to go on that one. Hang on, let me think of her name. Yes, Patricia.
Adam Harrison: Let me take a look here.
brittni roldan: For March 3rd. I don't know if I did a claim thing for that or not. Let me look. Okay, it says view claim draft. Maybe.
brittni roldan: Does that mean I submitted it for you guys?
Adam Harrison: Should be. Yeah. What was the name on that one?
brittni roldan: Atrisha verdon b e r d e y e
Adam Harrison: n so I think for her. It looked like we were missing some of her demographic info.
brittni roldan: Oh, okay. Let me see about fixing that.
Adam Harrison: Let me see if. Maybe it's in there now. Maybe it was. We just need to refresh here. Yeah, I think we're missing, like, address and, like, insurance stuff for her.
brittni roldan: Okay, I've got her address here. Let me toss that in. A second. Okay? I put in her email, her phone and her address.
Adam Harrison: Do you have her insurance numbers? At 2.
brittni roldan: Let me see about that. Okay? Yeah, I do. Okay? Got that in there, too.
Adam Harrison: I can go ahead and submit for that, then. And then the other one. It looks like you created a claim for Tyler. I think he was also missing. Some info we needed.
brittni roldan: Okay?
Adam Harrison: Let me take a look what we're missing. We do have address. Oh, we actually do. It looks like now we have insurance info, so it must have not been in there when the claim was created, so disregard. I can. I can submit that one. Perfect. Let me see. So, yeah, that's it, then. So yeah, I will keep you posted on the ERA and EFT setup for health link once I hear back.
brittni roldan: Okay?
Adam Harrison: On your other payer. I've already put in. I put in a enrollment request last week. And that looks like that is still provisioning. So I'll. I'll do, like, a check on. Both of those, but, yeah, it should have. It should have activated by now because I requested it March 10.
Adam Harrison: And it's supposed to take, like, up to six days. So we are kind of, like, past the time I would expect for that. To provision, so I'll need to just see what's the hold up on that one.
brittni roldan: Okay?
Adam Harrison: All right. But any other questions that you had at this point, Brittany, anything else on your mind, we should go through?
brittni roldan: I don't think so.
Adam Harrison: Okay, great. I think I can let you get back to things then. We have time again next week, and then I think your week after we'll take a break. And then of the following.
brittni roldan: Sounds good.
Adam Harrison: All right. We'll talk soon. And have a good rest of your week. Let me know if you need anything in the meantime.
brittni roldan: Ok. Have a good week.
Adam Harrison: All right, bye.