Adam Harrison: Okay, awesome. This is great. Should we do a quick maybe, go around, do intros to start once everyone's here?
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: I don't say that. Did you hit Google Meet? Join with Google Meet. He may have to let you in. You have to let her in. I don't see you on my list. I say it's Notetaker and him and me. Want to sell. You may have to get the spray after you can see too many. Which side are you sitting on? You don't matter. I got the chair here and another stool here. Sit down and that way I can do the. I don't know why it's not letting her in. Can you do? Send her an invite to Kathy with a K at Sale Health. The new ones have got to work. If not. But you know who I am. This is Tammy. Hey. Tammy's our lcsw. And this is Rachel. Rachel's the rn. This is the secretary, Amy.
Adam Harrison: Hi.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Amy's running off and hiding, but Kelsey's our bravado coordinator and she's over there. And Kathy's behind me here. She's trying to log in. She's our other nurse practitioner. So everybody's here. Nathan's around here somewhere, but Nathan doesn't have a login yet. I've not given him a login yet because I just didn't know how much he was going to be doing in there yet and I've just not needed him in there yet. So. Only thing right now that he does it would change later. He is when they come through the door. He checks them in and lets us know that they're here. Amanda, do you have a college? There's no code that I know. Of it didn't ask me for a code. Well, did you break your computer? No, she's wondering if there's no you click on it from the email or the calendar. Yeah, I clicked on it. She did. She clicked on you, joined with Google. Meet on the email. And it'll bring it up, but then when she goes into it, It brings up a screen. That says no one's in the call. Just squish around me is all I know. Well, you all can see we don't bite.
Adam Harrison: All right. Yeah. Why don't we go ahead and get started, then if the meeting isn't working? Yeah, sorry about that. I'm not sure what the. I did send you. Amanda, I sent you the link, so if you can just forward that around everyone. That would be like, the link. The link for this meeting. But if that's not working, I don't know. I don't know that I have a solution.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Because you don't want to go to the mate?
Adam Harrison: No, no, it's always good.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: You probably wouldn't be on the call, would you?
Adam Harrison: Never works when you need it to, that's all. I know.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Okay. It's all right. We'll make it work. We've had to do that more than once in life. It's okay. What you want to show us. I think the biggest thing is going to be the. I don't think you wanted to talk about workflow on the front end. To start with. Is that what you told me? Did I get that right?
Adam Harrison: Yeah, I think what I can do is. It probably makes sense. Well, we have both clinicians and front desk folks here, right? So I think we should kind of go through the whole end to end journey, and then we can discuss who kind of owns which part of that. But I can just kind of do, like, a demo of you. Get a new patient. What's the whole process? How does it work in Jotsife? And then we can kind of talk through. I'll try to just run through that over maybe, like, 10 minutes or so, and then we can spend time going through. What questions you have and talking about the next steps from there. And then I can actually send you this video recording. So if you have. If you forget or you have questions, you can kind of look at this afterwards. And. You'll just have that as a ongoing resource if you need it.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: We'll take notes and we'll just tag you at the end.
Adam Harrison: Okay. All right, well, let me pull up. I'm going to pull up an account here, and I'm sorry.
Adam Harrison: This can be 1 second to get it signed in and share my screen. Going to actually do it. I have a billing account on your organization, so we'll do it. Do kind of a mock from your actual account.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Hey, I got test guy in there, too. You all moved over my test guy, too?
Adam Harrison: We did do. Yeah, your patient import, so that they should have all the insurance and stuff in there. All right, I'm going to go ahead and share my screen. Let me know if that shows up for you. Take one second. All right. Is that showing up for you? Okay? Great. So what I will walk through is everything from a new patient all the way through to intake eligibility check, doing the recording, writing the notes, signing the note, and then sending the claim to billing. So that is the full end to end walkthrough that we'll go through today. And we can do maybe a test patient or we can do, like, a new patient. Either one will be fine. So the first step here, this is going to be more relevant, probably for your front desk. Front desk staff. Excuse me. So you're going to come into this patients tab. You would click new patient. I'll just enter myself in here. We'll do kind of an example. For me. 5, 25. Probably at minimum kind of these fields. And then you'd be able to create the patient from there. So now I'm in here. I exist in Jotsyc as a patient. And so now the next step is you probably want to send some kind of intake form or maybe conduct, like, an eligibility check to make sure that I am actually an eligible patient. Sorry.
Adam Harrison: Did someone have a question?
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: No, I would just say I did do our intake forms. But I did you to do something with it. But they are in there.
Adam Harrison: Okay, great. So I'll do intake forms first. So what you would do here is come to the bottom and you will click on send forms to patient. There's like a little setup here that I haven't done on this account, but I think Amanda, on your account and on the others in this group, it should be already set up. But essentially how it will work is the patient will just get a SMS message. Saying you have a new form to complete from. Whatever you put as your name. So it could be your practice name or it could be, like, the clinician's name. So I'll just type in. Doctor Harrison. I'm not a doctor. But for the purpose of today, we can assume that. Don't tell anyone. It's important to just have the patient phone numbers so that you can actually send that and then we can get started. So I'll click again send form to patient. There'll be a bunch of forms in here on the left hand side you can choose from. Our kind of default one is the behavioral health intake form, which Amanda and I looked at last week, I think. Do you have the ability to customize these or upload your existing forms? But you should think about this as the ability to capture all the patient demographic information. So kind of name, age, address, all the insurance information we're adding shortly, the ability to actually upload a photo as well of the insurance. Right now, it's just like they type it in and then all of the consents that you would need as well. Right now we have this is more of a broad consent kind of statement, but if you want to have individual consent forms for each thing that you want to include, we'd be able to to do that as well. But essentially you'll find it here. In this drop down, you would pick the form that you want to send. Go ahead and click send. You pick if you want email or SMS and then send the form. So this has now gone to my phone.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: That shared the same phone number that it separates? That's what I was going to ask. I got a merge account thing.
Adam Harrison: And so now we can see this form has gone out. It's pending. I got a text message just now on my phone asking to complete it. So once this is. Once that's done, this will change to complete. And because this form you can see. Have I even started yet? Is it in progress or by not even opened it? Once that is complete, it will populate. And the kind of patient chart here, all the information around, insurance address information, basically all the things that you need. To be able to do billing eligibility checks, so on and so forth. Any questions on creating a patient or intake form so far before I keep going? Yes.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: And I went in and did the customization for that form. I don't and I believe it didn't have a place for the secondary insurance, so I just copied and put it in there as a secondary. Also, it would be nice to be able to have the ability at the end. You know what? I may miss that button or you may have added it. I don't know. I didn't say that button, so I may have, like, screwed something up there. Oh, it didn't have skincare card either.
Adam Harrison: Yeah. This is just on the patient chart. So this isn't the intake form.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: So.
Adam Harrison: Yes, I think that our standard intake doesn't have the secondary. We can look at adding that when we do your custom form.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Yeah, and we can look at it and if I had to move some of it back over, but I put her consents in the other one. I copied over, like, our consents and figured out how to do that. But what I couldn't figure out how to do, and it may just be the lack of capability yet, is like, when we send our intake forms like I did, the adult first, obviously, because we do more adults than anything. And I wanted to go ahead when it sent that, to go ahead and send the PHQ9 into guide 7 with it. I didn't want to send all the forms, just those two, but I couldn't find a way to attach those to that. And then my next question. That you got limited time, so if you look at that.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: And just get back to me about that on there. And I think I may have, may or may not have put it in that email, but I just thought of this notification on when. So if we send them those forms, where are we going to get notification? Because we don't want to go back into the. And keep a list somewhere of these patients that we've got to go back and check on. So, like, when we go on form, Doctor, we can see everybody we sent forms to, and then we can see if they completed them. And if they did not, how do we know if they completed them?
Adam Harrison: Yeah. So that would be in this forms tab.
Adam Harrison: And you could see the status of I have it filled.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: So you're going to have to look for each individual. One need to have a way for us to see the whole list, like the last 30 days. Who we sit in tape forms too, and we've not gotten them back. I warmed up might give us a couple of options. But, I mean, I think the last 30 days is the fish. If they might fill them out in 30 days, we can send them a new one. But we need a way to just see that list of everybody that we did and then have the option to resend.
Adam Harrison: Okay, perfect.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Not good, because that is something. And then there needs to be up at the top or somewhere that notification that they're done needs to be assigned to somebody. To say okay, or she can know to check it once a day. But it would be nice to have a visual alert that says you've got intake forms. And then that's it.
Adam Harrison: Okay, that's super helpful. Yeah, we'll come back to you on that. I think this should be a pretty easy to just change this. So it's like an all. There's basically all patients as an option. Right.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: And then.
Adam Harrison: Or pending. Right. Status. So I'll bring that back. Team. That's. Very clear and helpful.
Adam Harrison: Want to go to kind of the next step here, which is eligibility checks. So under this billing tab, I don't. I haven't input my insurance info in here, which I wonder if I can find that quickly and I can just enter
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: it and some of them let me check it, and some of them said blocked. But I know that's because we hadn't got everything in there yet.
Adam Harrison: Okay? Yes. Let me see if I have a. I don't know if I have my number handy. But this is pretty straightforward. What it will tell you is like, whether the coverage is active or not. It'll also tell you what the estimated member obligation is based on, like reading the actual eligibility response. That would come from something like availability or something else.
Adam Harrison: So it will actually determine what the patient responsibility is. Sometimes it'll be unclear, and then that case, you may still have to, like, look at the portal. But I would say for, like, the majority of cases that we've tested, You get, like, not only the status, is it active, is it inactive? But what is the patient payment amount? And then it will also list all the other. It'll kind of just list out what the whole plan actually is as well. But those two fields are kind of at the top of like, is it active? And what's the patient payment. And if you want to see the whole eligibility response, you can. You can click into a bar underneath that.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: See that. I ran some today on our today schedule, but all I seen was, which. I mean, like I said, I didn't click into anything. I was impatient, so I just went.
Adam Harrison: And went on.
Adam Harrison: Is there one I should look up?
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: If you look at my schedule, It could look like a green check by the ones that worked.
Adam Harrison: And an X.
Adam Harrison: I don't know that I have your schedule on here yet.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: I have blue draws. Yeah, I pull up Rachel. She's got Rachel Olsen. Her stuff's in there. Should be.
Adam Harrison: Okay, so it's not showing over here for me. Which is another.
Adam Harrison: If you did the trick on your account, it should show up here as well, so I'll need to check on that, too.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Yeah, we got to get everybody merged together into account so we can see everything.
Adam Harrison: Yep. So let me. Let me circle back to you on that. But this is at least where you would find it, in the tool. So I just want to make sure, you know, it's. It's clear kind of how that works. You could also do it from up here.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, it looks like we don't have her insure. I don't know if it's a different Rachel Olsen, but it looks like we don't have her stuff saved in here right now. So we. We can maybe look at this offline, but. But that is how, like you would do the. The eligibility checks. Scheduling. Is it worth going through scheduling, Amanda, or are folks kind of familiar with how that
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: it's a little different than ours. But I did have a question. You did put in there where they could put a note.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: But I can't find the note. Yeah.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: You put down there somewhere the memos. So work from memo show.
Adam Harrison: The memos, it should show up. This is, like, brand new, so I'll actually have to. I don't know where it shows up is the short answer. I'd have to check with our product manager on that.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Okay, that's fine. I just. I knew I'd requested that, and then I seen that today. I'm going to test that, but then I couldn't find it. But you can show them. But I do need you to take out, if you can. I've got all these appointment types in there, and. Keep them confusing people just leave a certain, certain appointment times because I've got like, I can't take out the ones I played with before and I've got like some that are programmed now that have like got the 20 minutes and the hour for certain ones.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: So I just want to make it easier, less. Options to mix it up.
Adam Harrison: Okay? Yeah. Ability to delete appointment types that you're not using anymore.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Yeah.
Adam Harrison: Okay? Okay, so that. That's noted. So I'll come back to you on those two things. Let's maybe talk about what you do once you have. So that's. That's sort of more like the intake, scheduling eligibility. Let's also talk briefly about requesting a payment for, like, a copay or something like that. Do you all typically do that at the time of service or when you are, like, submitting a claim, like, afterwards?
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: So if it's. It's like I got to copay. That's just straightforward. We collect it up front. When they have a co Insurance, sometimes that's a little difficult because I don't know now what I need to. To collect. Then we can collect that easier. But the one that we have. Now is like, the estimate is, like, double what it should be. And then, you know, some of my provider in Kansas City, she gets confused that if they have a secondary, we don't need to collect that coinsurance on the first one because the secondary is going to cover that. And so anytime there's a co. Insurance. It just seems to, like, be a mess. But copays. Yes, we do. Blake. Those. If they have a balance. I will sit. I will try to collect that when they're here. Because our stock pops up a little thing that says, I have a balance, or puts a little symbol up there or something.
Adam Harrison: Okay, makes sense. So you'll be able to see in this payments tab. A few things so you'll be able to see number one. You can add, like, a credit card on file. That you just want to charge automatically. That's optional. You know, you can also just. You can also just directly request a payment by going here. And so this will work the same way that forms do. It'll send them a text message. You know, it'll say, you know, Adam is requesting a copay. You know, whatever. So I'll just. I'm just going to send this. So I will get a text message with a link to basically, like, complete that payment, and then at the end of that. Process, I have the option to save the credit card on file for future reference. So even if you don't have credit card on file, you can still request payments. And then that will show up here on the bottom. So you'll be able to see like a log of. If I come back, what's been you know this is open right now because I haven't paid it. So you'll be able to see, like, what's open, what's outstanding. And then, you know, I think, Amanda, your question last time was about, like, voiding these and sending reminders and stuff like that.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: And so resend them so we don't keep adding to them or some way to close a mask. I just don't want it to keep adding to the balance when we're trying to just collect them at once.
Adam Harrison: Yep. Yep. So right now, it just will send, like, a new one each time, and it doesn't void the old ones. So, like, fix that. It does add to the balance, right?
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Positive balance, so I'm not worried about it.
Adam Harrison: Okay? And so then if you come to this bill patients tab, you can see, like, a full list of what's being requested. And I think these are, like, actual requests that have gone through your account.
Adam Harrison: So some of them are. Yeah.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: There's some, like, interesting stuff in here. Yeah.
Adam Harrison: So you could see a lot of them open.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Some of them are. We, we. We try.
Adam Harrison: Yes. All right. So let's talk briefly about the more clinical side of things now. So I'm going to go to this example. Note. Oh, boy. It's going to make me do this whole thing. What will happen. I think you all are fairly familiar with how to use jotsyc. But what will happen is, you know, as you're doing the note here. You will make any. You'll finalize the note as you usually do, but then you'll also notice there's a few things along the top here. Of the patient insurance, the CPT codes for the session. And the diagnosis codes for the session. And then over here, you'll also see a button that says sign no. And so on your account. This is just a test patient, so. Or a test note, so it doesn't have it in here. But for your accounts, you will have the actual payer that's on here, that's on file for them. So whether it's Blue Cross or, you know, Cigna or whoever. The AI will also recommend CPT code or codes. Based on the session. You have the ability to review that, you know, override the recommendations and enter your own. And the same thing for the diagnosis codes. So you'll have the ability to review what's in there, you know, mark which one you want as primary. Which one you want as secondary. You know, add or remove codes as well. And then the last step is you. There's a button over here to side note. You'll click sign, and then there's a button that will appear that says, submit claim. Or create claim. And then you just click that Create Claim button, and that essentially is the last step you have to take. And everything. Then it goes into, like, RQ for processing. And those claims get, you know, reviewed, scrubbed, submitted, and then, you know, if there's any follow up needed. We do that as we help do that as well. And you can see, like, a full list of that in this billing tab if you. If you wanted to do that. So you have the ability to see, like, which notes have been signed, which notes have not been signed. It'll give a score around these notes as well and flag any potential issues that the AI Thinks might exist with regards to, like, how compliant that note is. And then you'll also be able to see. Kind of a claims queue. So it looks like there's one here. I think this was probably just like an example, one that we did a while back. Amanda. But you'll be able to. You don't need to worry about this. This is. What we're doing on our side is actually, you know, having. Our billers kind of review these and and submitting them and then tracking any follow ups. As needed. Payments, you know, no payments yet. But once we do ERA enrollment, those will start to show up here as well.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Did you put our assessments back in?
Adam Harrison: Sorry.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Say that again. Did you put our assessments back in? You know where it has summary? They had taken assessments out for a while. They were supposed to put them back in. Talking about in our note. It'll. I'll look at our template. It should be in there. If not, we can add it. You talk about your exam or yours is different because you all do here is different in there. Well, all they'll see is debut is they had taken our assistance out and on our website it said they would be putting them back in. So I just want to say what you're saying. Okay. It was something I was sitting on, okay.
Adam Harrison: So is that the template you're talking about?
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Yes. About halfway down it says, what is my assessment?
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: And then it has, like, cognitive behaviors, different things. Has, like, six or seven different things in there.
Adam Harrison: Including to.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: And for some reason, y'all had decided to take it out, and then. People asked. Put it back in. And you'll on that website, we will be putting it back in.
Adam Harrison: Okay. I'm not fully up to speed with that, but
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: I'll look at the template and see if I can find it and put it back in there. If I can, I'll just. I'll stick it back in there.
Adam Harrison: Okay. Okay. Thank you, amanda. So as far as kind of. Yeah, go ahead.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: It should be easy to find. Most of them are. Okay?
Adam Harrison: As far as what you know, we're kind of recommending as the next steps here. Um, so we got all your patients with their kind of insurance and demographic info into job psych. We, we think it makes sense to start with just one payer to make sure that everything is sort of flowing correctly, right, Like. You know everything is lining up. You know the payments are still depositing correctly. You know you can track and reconcile everything from the patient payment to the, uh, to the claim to the insurance era statement. Um, so. So. Yeah. What? The one that. And to do a single payer, you also need to do it across, like, the whole practice, uh, because you can only have eras sent to one place. Um, so all of the eras, which are the like responses after you send a claim, can only go to one system, unfortunately. Um, so we were thinking it makes sense to start with Blue Blue Cross of Arkansas, because that is just like this one office. That would be, like, in scope for that. And so basically how it would work is if that sounds good to you all as, like, a plan, I will initiate the ERA enrollment for Blue Cross of Arkansas today or whenever you're ready to start. And that takes typically, like, a few business days to actually process and go live. Once the payer has approved it. I think at that point, We should switch over to creating and submitting claims in Job Psych. But it's. It's kind of the best practice to wait until that enrollment goes live, just so you kind of keep everything clean and mapped together. So that would be what I would suggest as, like, an immediate next step here. And the way I would kind of, like, identify who you need to sign for. Is in this notes tab. You'll see like, blue, you know, you'll see pretty clearly here on the top of the note. Oh, this is like Blue Cross, Arkansas. So this is one I should sign and submit for everyone else. You can kind of, like, keep doing in your existing system. And then once this is sort of like, we got all the kinks ironed out, this is working well. Then we can talk about, like, moving everything else over.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: So the secondaries, we talked about that. If they have a secondary. So what if they have a second? I guess we'll figure it out as we go. You know, if they got a secondary. Because it'll take a minute for those primaries to process anyways. Blue Cross, Blue Shield primary business, man. They were doing seven to 10 days, but I think they're lagging right now. I know they're lagging right now, but let me know when you got it ready and I. I'll show these girls an example on my notes because it's pretty easy to. Claim, but I haven't submitted anything because I didn't know if you guys were ready for me to do it because I'm fixing to do, like, tomorrow I will be off and I was going to close some charts, but I didn't know if I could go ahead and submit some claims on my side or not.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: And I didn't know if the other two providers here, I had their stuff turned on so that they could submit claims because I know we can't see each other's stuff right now. And that's okay as long as they can still do the part they need to do. And I can see everything. And two, we're going to have some crossovers of eras, and we realize that as we're changing over. So if you don't have a claim in there to apply it to, just make sure I get a copy of the era so we can manually put it in on our balance side. And don't forget, I have to have reports of how much I collected for each provider because they're on commission, so I need to be able to pay them their commission. So I will have to know the in certain periods of time, and I just usually run a report out of them. I've showed you guys that out of Balint. I run a report and it shows me, depending on what their commission rate is, it shows me what we collected and what their payment is. But I can figure the commission, right? If you can tell me what we collected. I mean, it's not that big. Changed it. Yeah, it's a cra. It's the same as an elv. That's called ERA on our side.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, it's just the, like, digital version of that. So what I will do is I will just initiate the ERA enrollment process for Blue Cross. And then once that goes, I think until they approve that and it's live, just keep doing exactly what you're doing in your current systems. And then as soon as I have visibility into the exact start date for that, I think we can plan to kind of make the, make the switch and the transition. And, you know, if needed, we can, we can hop on another call and kind of like do a recap of anything here, just as is helpful to you. But I would expect if I submit it today, it could be like as early as Thursday, but as late as, like, next week, you know, it's just hard to say with the payers.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: If you could get it by Thursday or Friday. I don't have any grandkids this weekend. And I will probably drop more charts this weekend than I will any other time. And we will have a vote for us to test on.
Adam Harrison: Okay. That's great. Yeah, I would say I'll submit it right now, then. And. And then we can kind of get things rolling right away. Hopefully they can approve it quickly. It's. I think it's like two or three business days, you know, is realistic, and we can certainly, like, call them to try. To expedite it to.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Okay, but if you can. If you can't, then. I mean, it's not the end of the world. I mean, but I just know that I will be doing more charting this weekend, and then the following weekend, I'm going to have grandkids, so I'm not going to get a whole lot. Done. But I will get more done this week. We don't have grandkids. Right. Actually, I said we. We don't have grandkids this weekend. Sometimes I don't know. When we got kids.
Adam Harrison: Yes, yes. All right. Well, awesome. Well, it's really great to meet you all. And yeah, I'm kind of. You have my email now, or, you know, mannequin pass along my email. So, you know, feel free to, like, reach out if you have questions. And I'll also send this video. So you have, like, this to reference on an ongoing basis. And there were a number of follow ups questions that came up. So I'll make sure to kind of like, kind of circle back, you know, later today with, with clarity on those.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: The email that I just thought of and I forgot to put in there is like, you've got our codes in there. The primary codes that we use, with the exception of one, there's one that is for complexity. I'm going to click in a different view here, so if you'll let me in here. If it's logged in. It's not. Okay. So I'll email it to you. It's a complexity code. So like, like last night, my patient was really complex, and so I need to put a code on there that says that he was a complex patient. So I needed three places to put a cpt. And so I think I did put that in the email. I need we need probably four slots for cpt because if we do a drug screen and they're complex, and then we had our therapy code and we add our A and M code, that allows for that. But the other thing that I was thinking about is we do have some cash pay patients, so we need to be able to program in a cash pay. Option and we may talk with your biller and see suggestions. So, like right now. We. May. You know, I know that there's some insurance rules we'll probably be breaking and we don't realize we're breaking. Our rights are higher, but we may lower them just a little bit for our cash pay rates because we're in a rural area. But I know we can't charge less than what we charge an insurance company or something or some kind of crossover rule there or so we can't charge list and what we get paid by an insurance company or something. So. But we do need a way to do a new patient cash pay and a follow up cash pay because there are different prices for new patient and for follow up. So we will need those cash pay options. And then I'll send you the billing code for the complex patient stuff and these screenshots of what we've got now. So you kind of know what I'm talking about because it gives you, like the. Tells you what the guidelines are to use that code. What has to be there for us to use that code, which you may already have it programmed in, and I just don't know, okay?
Adam Harrison: Very helpful.
Adam Harrison: Thank you, Amanda.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: We'll make a list of, like, the cash pay ones, because we have weight loss, we have Suboxone, we have. We. We do more than just psychiatry, but, you know, we put a lot of stuff in here, and if we can just send them that, you know, here's what you owe. Kind of thing and create. So I guess we would still create a. So that's something. I guess the big question do we create a claim on a cash pay even though it's not going to an insurance company to make it to make a bill in our system? Does that make sense?
Adam Harrison: Yeah. What I would suggest is probably just using the same, like, patient payment that you would use for a copay or something else.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: So how do we make sure. So I know how we're going to do it with insurance. When I create that insurance claim, it's going to create a balance in their account, so.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: How do I get that cash pay visit? Do I still hit submit claim? And when we set it up as cash pay, then it should just automatically go to cash pay as a balance in their system.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, I think you would just mark them as cash pay on their insurance and their profile. So let me see if I can.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Work for some of it because with some we have both. They come in for insurance and regular stuff. But like they're pay. Their insurance is not going to pay cash pay for both or it's not going to pay for Botox. So we will charge them a cash pay rate for Botox or their insurance. Won't pay for Suboxone. So we do cash pays a box on visits. And like weight loss, a lot of insurance won't pay for weight loss. So we charge a cash pay rate for weight loss and we don't build their insurance on that day. So it's like the way it's set up in our system right now is we click a button when we create our CPT codes that ask us billable to insurance or billable to patient, basically. So when I put that CPT code in, I don't have to do anything else. Just like when I walk walk it and I don't care to hit submit claim as long as it knows to direct it to the patient and not to their insurance for that. And it's labeled different, but we'll take we'll send you a list of what our cash pay stuff is. That's something kind of easy to put in there, probably. I'M sure it's. It's. It should be fairly easy. Your billers know what I'm talking about. So I can't think of anything else. You don't think of anything else off top of your head Calendar. And I can show them how to sign claims on mine because I've got some today that I can show them on.
Adam Harrison: Okay, awesome. Yeah, that sounds good. I think for cash pay, it's a. Good point. Like, sometimes you'll bill insurance, sometimes you won't for a given patient. So we probably need to figure out a way to set that up. Is intuitive. So let me bring all this back to the team. And there's a lot we gotta, you know, get right for you, so we'll get.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Back for you. But that's good for you, though, because you'll be ready for the next people who come along. And we're pretty slick. Yes.
Adam Harrison: Thank you for being flexible with us as we are.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Evolving. Complicated.
Adam Harrison: Complicated. Yes. All right, well, thank you all. I do have to run now to my next one. But yeah, I'll follow up with email and excited to get get rolling here.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: All right, thanks. Appreciate it.
Adam Harrison: All right, take care. Bye.