Avi Silber: So it just, it was a surprise. I wasn't expecting it. I got a call literally that day saying, hey, literally today saying, hey, could you do a, could you do a call? And I was like, I'm like, oh, gosh. Like, it has to be his time. I was like, all right. And then I didn't realize it would go. I didn't realize it would go that long. So. But hopefully, hopefully, hopefully it'll be a potential. It could potentially be another good client. So we'll see what happens.
Nathan Peereboom: Amazing. That is awesome to hear. Listen, it's so nice to meet you. Thanks so much for making the time and for just responding to my LinkedIn message. Here's what I wanted to do today. I wanted to just introduce myself and then I wanted to get to know you and see if selling AC Billing Solutions is something that you would be interested in. So just as background, my name's Nate. I'm the CEO and co founder of a company called Jot Psych, which is an air tribe that does that, now does billing. And as part of our growth strategy, we're purchasing small billing companies, medium sized billing companies to expand the number of people we serve. And so, yeah, we'd love to learn about you and about AC billing and then we can kind of talk about next steps, if next steps make sense.
Avi Silber: Yeah, I mean, have you guys purchased any other billing companies recently? I'm just curious.
Nathan Peereboom: No, no, this would be our first.
Avi Silber: Okay, cool. Oh, cool. And we're just curious why purchase vs just start up your own?
Nathan Peereboom: So we already have an internal billing company and we work with customers in our portfolio on that.
Nathan Peereboom: But we're a high growth tech company. We're trying to grow really fast. And so acquiring people who. And groups that already have relationships, expertise, etc. Is something that we believe could be a really, really strong growth lever for us.
Avi Silber: No, no. 100. 100, 100%. And your current team right now, like, are you just using, are you, are you happy with the current team? Does the current team need, like, need some assistance? Like, like, where, where is the current team at, like currently right now?
Nathan Peereboom: So the current team is, I guess there's four or five of us who are working on the billing side of things. And yeah, I mean we, I think that we have the capacity for a lot more volume. But, but it's really the, the bottleneck is really like customer relationships and things like that.
Avi Silber: So.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, so, so, but I mean, Avi, tell me about your story. Did you like, how did you get to AC Billing Solutions? What do you guys do? What do you focus on? What's. Where are you at In. In your universe?
Avi Silber: Okay, so. Yeah, so I'll explain. So, basically, so I. I'm, you know, I'm 32 years old, I'm a young guy. You know, and I started working when I was about 20 years old in the skilled nursing field. I had a, I had a, I founded. My father actually found it, found it, found something and just, you know, said, all right, you know, let's give it a shot. Was actually going to become an accountant. Wasn't even going to go into the, to that world. And you know, it was like certain things were just like natural and this was just natural. It just float, you know, I, I just, I understood what needed to be done. I had a great boss, a great trainer, he trained me up. And then that particular boss, his name was Ben, he actually ended up leaving the company and he actually owns, he's a partner and owns about, I think 15 nursing homes himself right now. He ended up leaving, I was. And then the owners actually, you know, sad to say, did a lot of things I shouldn't have and had no choice but to sell their company. And I then wasn't sure what to do. I ended up finding from a neighbor, a headhunter. I never was out of work, but I ended up finding a headhunter and I was able to transition from that company into a different company called Personal Healthcare that they own 30 nursing homes now. And I was there for about seven years, a seven and a half years left on the best of terms actually just saw my old boss not too long ago by a wedding, give him a big hug. I was also able to give them a three month notice which obviously was, was, was nice to be able to then take this job. So now how this works and in that time frame of working at, in that time frame of working at personal health care, I did a lot of my schooling, so I did, I finished my Bachelor's of science, I went in, I got a certification of long term care. I actually, because the corporate office was located in a nursing home, I was also even able to obtain my nursing home license, my New York state nursing home license. Never actually used it. Never actually been on the record, never actually been an administrator before. Just literally did it for, you know, I was in a facility, had an opportunity and took it. Fast forward now, it's been about two and a half years, maybe a little less two years and three months ago, four months ago, I get a call from a high school friend, he's mainly in real estate and says, hey, I have a boss, my boss, he's, you know, he's struggling really hard with the, struggling really hard right now in this, in the world, in this, in the behavioral health world. And he needs your help and he needs your help. And I went down for an interview. And at the end of the day, he had three facilities. And put it this way, he was 16 million in the hole. And I was like, okay, this is not good. We went in there, we hired a bunch of people. And took me about six months, stabilized everything and started taking on clients then. And he is never purchasing more facilities. That was what he wanted to do. He just, he had three things. So now I was able to use that initial client as my, my start and as I was able to then basically continue to grow for the future. And that was really what we. That was really the founding. So, so the founding of AC Billing. And now, like I said, we're in the world of we gotta grow and we're trying to grow and we've taken on a couple clients now and, you know, we're just trying to keep that momentum going and continuing to take on more and more as we keep growing. That's, that's, that's my story.
Nathan Peereboom: That is really cool.
Nathan Peereboom: So in terms of specialty, are you still nursing home focused?
Avi Silber: Nope. 100. Behavioral health. 100. And when I say behavioral health, I mean drug rehabs. We only do mental health, behavior health, only doing inpatient, outpatient facility, detox, rest, php, Iop. Honestly, it's the same thing as the nursing home world from a billing standpoint. Let me just be clear about that.
Avi Silber: Not about, you know, the, you know, from the billing standpoint. Yeah, obviously you got to learn the codes and you got to, you know, learn the information. But, you know, the UBO 4 CMS, 1500s authorizations, revenue code, CPC codes. Yeah. You know, the type of bills, all that kind of stuff. So once you learn that and you understand it and you understand what needs to be done, then, you know, you can continue. Then you can continue growing from there. So, you know, obviously had to learn a little bit more about asam. Thank you. Had to learn a little bit more about ASAM and ASM criteria and all that kind of stuff. So actually we, I actually had an opportunity to take on seven nursing homes. We said no. I had an opportunity to check on an ABA company. We said no. I'm just sticking forward in the ABA world in the, in the skilled nursing, in the drug rehab world. I don't want to. I do. I want us just specialize. Right now, I'm not looking to, I'm just, I'm not looking to, to go past that right now.
Avi Silber: You know, I want to see, you know, I'm sure we're, we're billing right now. Well, we'll see if. We'll see in the near future what happens. But, you know, if we get these particular clients, you know, currently right now we're billing about 90 million, but is a very good chance in the next six months. And I would say, even two months, and we might double if. If these two clients come on board. So we could double in size.
Avi Silber: We could, you know, so. Yeah, so there's just a lot of potential. And that's why, you know, when we were chatting to see, I don't know yet right now if it. If I'm ready, you know, to move on yet. You know, we're just. We're just getting. We're just getting our feet wet, you know?
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. You know? Yeah, that makes sense. When you think about, like, exiting or partnering with another company or something like that, like, what's important.
Avi Silber: Important. Say that question one more time.
Nathan Peereboom: When you think about either partnerships or. Or exiting, like, what would need to be true for you to feel like, hey, I'm like ready to exit.
Avi Silber: I think it's going to come down to a couple of things. Number one, I think. I do think we need a little bit more time. I would like to grow the business a little bit more.
Nathan Peereboom: Right.
Avi Silber: I'd like to be able to have a, you know, that's number one, I think, for my other partners. So, you know, maybe me and one other partner would for sure want to come on board with the new ownership for at least for, I'd say three years, make sure it's on there. Potentially, I would consider, depending on what the offer is, to continue on long term. You know, I think that's something, you know, I'm a young kid. I'm not looking to retire. I think that's something for me. I think for my partners, two of them, you know, they would be bought out and that would be it. And I think the other one, I think we would need him for probably a couple of years and then he would also move on. I don't think he would be on board for long term term. I think it'd be just more of a transitional period. I think that. I think it's going to come down to at the end, once we're ready to. Once, once we're big enough and ready to sell, it's going to come down to, you know, what they feel that they can get for the company and what they, you know, what their value is and how much, you know, multiple. Is it a 8 times multiple of the 10 times multiple? Is it a 4 times multiple? And. And it, depending on the multiple will determine does it make sense to move on? Right, right. That's really what it's going to come down to, you know. Yeah, they're not. They're not operating partners. Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, cool. That makes a lot of sense. Have you, have you ever, like, from a technology standpoint, do you guys, like build your own technology? Do you work with technology partners? Like, what, what's like under the hood here?
Avi Silber: So we built a 300,000 software ourselves right now. We built a 300, about 300,000 software right now. So are you familiar with the company called Sunwave? No. So they specialize in behavioral health into drug rehabs, and a lot of our clients use them and we built a custom software to go onto them. It's more for information for the clients. So that way people can really understand you're an owner of a drug rehab and you have 100 patients in care. So did you bill 100 patients every day? Was it, Was it. Maybe a day was missed because you didn't have paid an off. Maybe a day was missed and it might not be the billing company, it might not be anyone's fault, it might just be. That's just the name of the game. If someone showed up at 3 o' clock in the afternoon and you didn't have enough hours to get programming, you know, there's, there's multiple reasons of why, you know, multiple reasons why someone didn't, you know, obtain an off.
Avi Silber: Maybe, maybe insurance, maybe an insurance termed. Maybe there was a non billable day, the guy went to the hospital. Hospital, midday. So step one for me is always census reconciliation. That's number one. To really understand who. Who is in your facility and can you get paid? That for me is number one. Following that, once you get past that, then you. Then you know, obviously. Yes. You have to know your authorizations and you have to know how to. Bill. I am not a big fan in general of so much automation. Personally, I have not found it yet to be. So, you know, like, how much? Like, what is the goal to collect the first time? Right. That's what I always ask people. So you're gonna go, bill, let's just say 100 grand. 45 days later, out of that 100 grand, what are you expecting to collect? Right. I asked that question, everyone. So what would your, what would your, what would your answer be if. I would ask you that question? If you build a hundred thousand dollars, say, of UnitedHealth share, 45 days later, what are you hoping out of the hundred grand to have? Plexus.
Nathan Peereboom: That's a great question. I mean, I guess I would say probably like 80 of it.
Avi Silber: Okay. And most people tell me 60, right? Right, most people tell me 60. And one client who told me 50, and I said that, like, what's the point of even going? I'm like, how are you supposed to survive? I said, but it's also. That means your team is working much harder. So. So my goal. My goal, nothing. I'm not saying I hit it, but my goal is 90, and depending on the state and the facility and the payer, I can hit it.
Nathan Peereboom: So you take the VA.
Avi Silber: The VA. I'm hoping, honestly, for 95. You know, it just depends on the facility, you know, and depends on location. And it depends on, you know, and if, if someone can master that, then, you know, it's going to help the client. The second thing is that most people are not focusing on that last 10, 15%, because if you take a billing company, they're all charging a percentage based off of cash, Right. Depending on. So someone's billing two, three, four million dollars a month, they're charging you, you know, you know, as, you know, you know, two, three, four million dollars a month. Yeah. I would tell you that the raise probably took the 4 to 5% that people are charging these days. Some people are more, you know, I know a company that's charging six and a six, six and a half, you know, which is just a lot of. And once the billing company obtains that, that cash, they don't really care so much to go collect that other 15%. It's almost like if they would do their own initial cost analysis, they're going to tell you. They're going to, they're going to tell you, oh, yeah, you're, you know, you're going to spend more money on your, on your staff than it is going to be on the client. And I always say, guys, you have, the client comes first, so you're gonna, so if I have to personally, let's say, let's say me as a partner, I'm going to gain. I'm going to make my money on the first 80, 90%. That's where I make my money. The last 10% that I have to go push my staff to go collect. I might lose a couple of dollars, but if I don't. But if I don't do that, then the client's gonna be crying. That's. That's their profit. Yeah, that's their profit. I don't have a choice. And that's what I always tell everyone, you know, and it's like I was sitting with one of my staff, you know, and I'm sitting with one of my clients, and we collected $15,000 of a claim. It was tricare of a year old. It was a year old and, you know, year old that we collected. And I was telling. And I was telling him, and I was telling him, you know, what's it called? They're telling me. And the guy was, oh, yeah, you guys. But you lost money on that because, you know, I was a $15,000. What are you gonna get from that? 4%. I was like, yeah. And. And the client's sitting there. He goes, yeah. So you waste it. You wasted your time and effort. You could have done much better. The client's like, no, I got $15,000. I need that money. That' guys, profit. This was a. This was a facility that we were already at 98% collections. Wow. So, yeah, so we have a whole reporting dashboard. We have a lot of tech. It's the details. It's really understanding what you're doing, and it's doing the best what you. The best you can for your clients.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah.
Avi Silber: Understood.
Nathan Peereboom: Interesting. Okay, cool. When you think about, like, the next stage of growth for you, because again, you know, you said it. You're young, you're hungry, you're not looking to retire. You want to double, triple this thing in the next few years. What is the bottleneck in your mind? Like, what's the thing where if you could solve one thing in your business, it would be X.
Avi Silber: So right. Right now, I mean, so right now is, you know, it's, it's, it's a. It is a. It is a process. Because I can't take on, you know, you know, 27 buildings. I can't just. Just take on so much. But at the same time, I don't want to lose momentum.
Avi Silber: So right now, for me, it's to figure out how to. To scale. Not too slow and not too fast. Right. You know, I want to be able to scale the correct way, and I want to be able to. And I want to make sure that as I scale, my old clients and my new clients don't know, meaning I don't want anyone to say, oh, they took out a new client. So therefore are my collections are going to drop. This is going to change. Like no one, nothing should change. Everything should be. Should function the same way. So if I have to hire staff, I'm hiring staff. If I'm training staff, I'm training staff.
Avi Silber: But I can't have that. My first three clients, or my first four clients are now are suffering because I took on a new client. And it doesn't matter if I'm willing to take on a client, Everyone has to be able to obtain the same treatment. So if I take on a monster and I have a smaller client, well, naturally people say, okay, I don't care about that smaller client now because I just took on a bigger client.
Avi Silber: Well, yeah, I have to view it differently. Differently, I have to say is if I'm willing to take on this client, and I tell this to clients to say, guys, listen, I don't care if you're a client billing a million a month and a million a month in behavioral health. That sounds weird. Is not crazy.
Avi Silber: It's just not that, you know, it's not. It's a lot of money, a million dollars, you know, but it's not crazy for a facility to have, you know, $300 a day, 30 patients in care, 30 days a month. Right. It's not. It's not crazy to have a million dollars a month in billing. Okay, well, imagine I took on a client with five facilities. Well, now that guy's gonna want. Like I was. Like, I'm gonna have to sit down with everyone saying, listen, no, if I. You're getting the full package. And if I'm not taking you on, right. If I'm not taking one for whatever that reason is, okay, so then that means we didn't, we didn't do business together. So that, that's for me, my. What I'm trying to solve. And I, I, after, you know, 13 years in the billing world, I have to learn, have to adapt, have to work on better systems. That. That's forever have to evolve. But for me, it's about keeping the relationships and scaling the IT right the right way and just to keep. You keep growing, you know, growing and perfecting, you know, that. That's what I would basically say what I'm trying to solve for.
Nathan Peereboom: When you think about what makes scaling hard, what is that?
Avi Silber: So a lot of it's trust. Right. My new website's coming out February 1st. My brochure is just. Is done now. You know, I started posting more on LinkedIn content. I think all these tools are not necessarily going to obtain me a client necessarily, but, you know, if someone wants to go check me out, my old website was, was. Was atrocious, but I wasn't posting on any type of social media. I didn't have a voice in the community. I still don't have such a big voice in the community. And I'm not a good, I'm not a marketer. Right. That's just not where my skill is at. Right. You know, I just not work for my talent, is that. But I don't need a marketer. I don't have a business development rep. We've been actually talking about, is it worth the buy to go and hire one. Well, again, this is. It comes back to that same conversation, right? From 10 seconds ago is, is this guy, if he' brings me on too much, I'm gonna have to basically pull back the reins and say goes. And I can't take on this much right now. And that eventually, you know, I never want to turn down business. But at the same time, if I find someone that's not so good that I'm paying a guy to sit there doing nothing all day. So it's understanding what, what conferences to go to, you know, what tools, what, what. How much cash I want to spend. In the marketing world, this is the first time I'm marketing now. It's been two years. And I took. We took on a bunch of clients. It was all word of mouth. We're going to the Behavioral health conference, the Behace. It's in, it's in Florida. I don't know if you've heard of it or not, but it's a. It's a massive conference. It's a. For behavioral health. It's a. Next month actually. My partner Moshe is actually on a panel. And like I said, we're, you know, website, LinkedIn, you know, a brochure. These things we're just taking now to. We're trying to. We're trying to market ourselves now, you know, we're trying to grow, you know, so that, that's where we're at right now.
Nathan Peereboom: So in your view, the constraint to scale is kind of top of funnel. It's like getting new customers in the door. It's not actually like once the customer's in the door, being able to serve them.
Avi Silber: Not. I think, I think that some people may have that issue. I don't think I have that problem because I do the authorizations. My staff is speaking daily with the facility. Some staff. Some staff wants a daily UR call. So that's fine, you know, that's absolutely fine. If they want a daily U to our car, I happen to like it. I just think it has to be managed properly. So I was saying, you want to do a Daily flash call, 15 minutes, tell me who's running it. Tell me what we're discussing. If someone's sending out a report the night before, who's discussing, what patients are these? You know, people want a lot of communication, but then everyone gets on the phone, it's just silent, you know, so it's like, I'm not too nervous about my communication. I think that's a huge part we have, like I said, we had a new client meeting today. Yeah. And the previous billing company, he was saying, yeah, they're just. That they don't communicate with us. And he goes there for sure, leaving a ton of cash on the table. And, and it's like. And they don't even use. They're using a different platform for their CRRM than their EMR and their RCM. They have three platforms.
Avi Silber: Well, yeah, that's hard when you have three platforms because now you have to. Who's. Who's making sure that every platform is communicating with each other, you know, and yes, you can have AI to pull it all together. And you know, and yes, and tech can be very, very used in that. And that's great for the reporting, which is necessary. Right. Information is, is key here, but if no one's collecting any money, then the information is useless. Yeah, right. We gotta be, we gotta collect the cash, you know, And I can tell you, in the behavior health world, there is so many clients losing so much cash, they don't even know. They don't even know that's how much money they're losing they're leaving on the table.
Nathan Peereboom: Right, right. Yeah, that makes sense.
Avi Silber: We've offered clients, I offered clients saying, give me your business for six months, cancel within 30 days. Yeah, I've done it a few times.
Avi Silber: I don't like it, but I'm sure I'm not immediate. If someone's gonna take me up on my offer, I want them, I don't want to lock them up for 180 days. Yeah. I don't want them to feel hostile. Yes, ultimately I would do it for a year. I would even consider doing it for a year. You know, it is, it's for me to show the person on the other end. Guys, I want you to know I'm a long term client. I'm going to be here with you. I'm going to communicate with you. Every client's going to have special requests. Yes, AM I available 247 all night? The answer is I'm a human. I have, I have kids. I go on vacation like everybody else, you know, I go on, you know, you know, I go on vacation, you know. But we're going to set up the system that the, that, that we're gonna be. You're gonna be calling me not saying how come you only collected 85%. You're gonna be calling me up saying, okay, we got to 93. Three. Let's get to 95. Let's get to 98. What, what does my staff have to do better? What do you need from me? What do I need from you?
Avi Silber: So on and so. Yeah, yeah, so that's, that's, that's from my perspective right now, that totally makes sense.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, cool.
Avi Silber: Right now, right now in, in your, in your business, you guys are doing nursing homes, skilled nursing, behavioral health, ABA doctor's office. What are you guys generally billing right now?
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, so we are most, when we do a little bit of everything, but our big focus is on, you know, like psychiatric nurse practitioners doing like 992134 and fives with like add on codes.
Avi Silber: Like that's kind of our bread and butter.
Nathan Peereboom: You know, we, we help with like TMS and stuff like that as well. But you know, we do mostly procedure based coding, which makes me think that like, you know, we might not actually be a great like acquisition company for you guys. But I do wonder, Avi, if like you would like to just like have more information about like what we do and how we operate in case it's helpful as you guys kind of build your scalability and you know, enhance the way that you approach the market. You know, I'd be happy to walk you through our platform if that's helpful. I mean the kind of top level view is what we allow people to do is upload all of their payer documents, all the contracts they have with insurance companies, and then folks can, after each encounter get a estimated CPT code and also some auditing on the note so that their note is compliant.
Nathan Peereboom: And then for facilities who are looking for continuation of care and things like that, you can generate those documents based on the patient record automatically using AI.
Nathan Peereboom: So you can go to a patient and be like, hey, I need, you know, I need authorization for 20 more days in this detox facility. Write the letter to the insurance company, here's the format that they ask for, fill it in.
Nathan Peereboom: And what that enables billing companies to do and facilities themselves is, you know, is essentially just to have like be able to scale the number of clinics they serve and the number of procedures that they are or the number of days that they authorize with a smaller team. And you know, it's machine generated accuracy and all that. So if you're interested in seeing that, I'd be happy to set up some time. I know you're a super busy guy though, so, you know, I'll leave that kind of in your hands in terms of like how interested you are.
Avi Silber: Yeah, no Listen, I was always happy to see other products. So just for me to understand that. Are you guys more of a billing company or more of a tech company?
Nathan Peereboom: More of a tech company, but we're buying services companies because our technology is so good that it turns service companies into something that looks. Looks more like a technology company.
Avi Silber: So who's responsible for the collections? Is it you guys or is it somebody else?
Avi Silber: Yep, we do collections, but, but that's not really what you're trying to market yourself as.
Nathan Peereboom: We are trying to market ourselves as a wraparound RCM company. So you use jot psych and we do your eligibility checks. You come in, you do your encounters. When an encounter is done, you click done. We generate the CMS 1500, push it into the clearinghouse, auto, appeal any denials, and then process and reconcile the payments that, you know, that the insurance company sets out with the era and that era with what we've billed. And so, you know, it is a wraparound product. The reason why it's great for billing companies and the reason why we're buying billing companies right now is primarily because, you know, everything that a billing company does we've entombed in the software. So, you know, again, like going back and forth with the clinician over what's in the Note, writing the CMS 1500, receiving a denial and then figuring out like how to appeal it, like all of that is automated. And so you know, for us the constraint in our business is just like client relationships. And so we're, you know, that's kind of, and we, you know, we've got capital on the balance sheet and all that jazz. And so it makes sense for us to do this now. We also are just like evangelical about the software though. And like in an ideal world it would be all self serve, you know, but the reality is like people want a guardrail. People want a handrail when they're doing billing. And so that's why we have, you know, humans in the loop for it.
Avi Silber: What's, what's like right now? What would you say is like the biggest collection issue you're seeing?
Nathan Peereboom: That is a great question. I mean, I think that the biggest one is just like staying up to date on the most recent like rules. I mean insurance companies change their rules all the time. And so, you know, having web crawlers and having like a protocol for, you know, keeping everything like snug is definitely like probably our, you know, that's, that's one of the biggest values that we bring. But we, it's a value we bring because it's challenging.
Avi Silber: So if you see, if you see.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, I'm so sorry, I have to run to a customer call right now. But I tell you what, if you want to chat again and like actually just see the product, you know, we always say like, people just want to see the baby. Yeah. You know, I'm happy to set up some time next Wednesday, so. Yeah.
Avi Silber: If you. By the way, vice versa. Also, if you ever need any questions about collections or billing or anything like that and to, you know, get hired, you know, don't feel, you know, happy to try to assist, you know. You know, I always try to, you know, if we can collect more the first time and understand what the denial is before the denial even happens, possibly even increase it. Love it.
Nathan Peereboom: That's super appreciated. Thank you.
Avi Silber: Okay, fine. Yeah. So give me a little bit and we'll. Hopefully one day. We'll be in touch. All right.
Nathan Peereboom: But I appreciate you taking time. Wait, sorry, One. One sec. I just saw that my 130 got pushed back, so I actually do have a few more minutes.
Nathan Peereboom: Are you on your computer by any chance?
Avi Silber: I'm not. I am not. I just. I am not. I'm pacing all over the place right now, you know, but. But yeah, what I was going to say. What I was going to say is, is for me, and I think your software, from how you're describing, you probably do this if you. If. I mean, maybe you have it set up this way is as a denial comes in. Yes, obviously, to go figure out how to go and auto, you know, handle it and fix it and do whatever it is you need to do. But then to. For the system to learn, to see, how do we. How do we make the system happen that this denial doesn't keep happening over and over again? Because. Because from my experience, people are not having 200 different denials.
Nathan Peereboom: They're having the same 10.
Avi Silber: It's the same denial, same 10 denials over and over and over again. So, meaning today is. Okay, so if I can understand why I'm constantly having the same 10 denials every day, what can I do to then go figure out. Figure out these denials and try to say maybe, maybe there's sort of them that you can't solve. You know, maybe them and these are the denials that we're always going to have to work on for now, but maybe we can knock off five or six of them and then we. We eliminate. We eliminate us ever, ever having these denials ever again.
Nathan Peereboom: So.
Avi Silber: So. So that's what, you know, that's what I always try to focus on myself. So. But. But yeah, I mean, you know, but that, that's. That's pretty much, you know, if you ever, like I said, if you ever need any. Any help on. On that front, I'm happy to take a look to see if there's something that I can. I can definitely do, you know, possibly to help you guys out on that. But if you don't, you might not have that issue, you know?
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. Yeah, no, it's like, super helpful to hear, though. Well, let's do this. I've got my calendar open. Let's set up some time just to, like, chat through things and do a little show and tell next week.
Nathan Peereboom: And you know, Avi, one thing that we heal deeply, like, one of the ethos of our company is like, we don't really try and like, like, we have a very, very soft sell here. It's like, you know, if. If you see this and it looks valuable to you, amazing. And if not, like, we just want to, like, retain a good relationship. You know, we're here for the long term in this ecosystem, and so there's absolutely no pressure, you know, with this conversation. It's really just kind of we want to show you what we've got, get your feedback and, you know, you'll know pretty immediately if it's helpful or not to you. Okay.
Avi Silber: Sounds your plan.
Nathan Peereboom: All right, Cool. How does. I'm looking at my calendar, 3pM on Wednesday sound?
Avi Silber: I know we're in the same. It sounds fine for right now. If something comes up, I'll. I'll let you know. But I'm saying. But it sounds fine for right now.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay. All right, cool. So I'm going to send you a calendar invite. Understand that, like, you can move it around as much as is to you.
Avi Silber: Okay, Sounds good.
Nathan Peereboom: All right. Hey, take care. Have a great weekend.
Avi Silber: Thank you. You too.
Nathan Peereboom: Bye. Bye.