Jon Baer: Before they all kind of get through. I would say the majority.
Christopher Hume: Yes. We have a new list, which I'm pretty stoked about. I didn't save it, and we're really sad about that. I made some edits to it yesterday that would suck if I lost those, but, yeah, let me.
Jon Baer: A ton of the people that. I mean, I. You know, we have, like, no numbers or wrong numbers, so I just, like, delete the number. So I know. So I'm not like, yeah, keep calling them. Yeah. So, like, as they go through the flow, like, obviously I want to just keep them in there. I just kind of complete the step, and it'll just go to the next one where they'll end up getting in, like, an email.
Jon Baer: But we're kind of like at. You know what I mean, at that point now where there's, like, a lot, you know, because I usually send you the. The. The. The text or the slack with, you know what? I got wrong numbers, no numbers and stuff. And then if you have a second number, I'll throw it in there. And some of them actually work. The second number.
Christopher Hume: Yeah.
Jon Baer: So just to, you know, give you. Give you a heads up on what I'm doing with those, I actually had one question on Rebecca from CBM Mechanical.
Christopher Hume: Okay.
Jon Baer: It looks like meeting with Nate, and I'm just wondering how that happened.
Jon Baer: All right, Michelle, Meeting today in a few hours.
Christopher Hume: My name is Michelle Adler.
Jon Baer: Is it Rebecca at CBN Mechanical?
Christopher Hume: Rebecca, I'm sorry.
Jon Baer: It's the last one that I have on my deals that I, like, haven't moved over because I had call it just. I don't know where that. You know, that was the one that. Remember, like, we were talking. Like, she had emailed me back saying, yes, like, let's do something. And then I could never get back to her. And then we were, like, hit. Let's try to, like, it's been a, you know, a few weeks or, you know, a month or so. Let's try to reach out to her. And I called. I never got an answer. But then I just noticed that there's a meeting on, like, the 18th, like, today in a few hours with Nate. And I just don't know if that's a fake or.
Christopher Hume: I'm sorry. Her name is Rebecca. Rebecca A. Andrews. Let me see. Yeah, I was actually kind that. Can. Can you still hear me?
Jon Baer: Yep.
Christopher Hume: I was checking on her stuff yesterday, and she came up. I was like, what? Who is this woman? Rebecca Andrews, CBM Medical. Yeah. Absolutely. No idea.
Christopher Hume: I'll have to ask Nate.
Jon Baer: And then we can. So I just. I left it for now. Oh. I. I moved it over to demo schedules, I believe.
Christopher Hume: Okay.
Jon Baer: I just had a question. You know what I mean? I was. Just curious on it because it was back in. It looks like. Yeah, you can see the emails back in November.
Christopher Hume: Yeah.
Jon Baer: Is when I was like, kind of peppering her and, you know, because she had emailed me back saying, yeah, let's meet, and then she just wouldn't get back to me. And then I called her the 16th, and then I. I just had. Yeah, I noticed there's a meeting on the 18th and I was just. I was curious on that or how that happened.
Christopher Hume: Yeah, I just asked Nate, so I'll get you an answer as soon as I know. Damn. This, like, really sucks. I did a QC on this lead list yesterday and then I accidentally deleted it, so I need to QC it again. Damn. A lot of rework from yesterday, but so we have a list of about. 300 leads. And so we're going to start hitting people as you. As we discussed, we're going to do the multi. We're going to try and do multi threading. We're going to be hitting multiple people at the same clinic. And so we should definitely. We will definitely have new leads for you next week at the latest.
Jon Baer: Okay.
Christopher Hume: So this week you're kind of winding down your current list. I think what I'm going to do is clean this up, get the list to you, Jack and Emily. I still sort of want to take like a quick breath and be like, we probably have to break up our sequences. Like, this one is for admins. This one is call only. This one is call and email.
Christopher Hume: Just so we're not. Yeah, just so we can maximize potential here. But yeah, next week we're going to start cranking this knob up. So I think probably by next week, as many leads as you need, we can get you.
Jon Baer: Okay, cool. Perfect. Nice little. Nice little trial.
Christopher Hume: Nice little trial. I mean, it works like you booked two or two meetings. Jack has booked a few meetings. We've sourced a couple other ones from Emily's calling existing customers, so there's time to turn the knob. It's. It's so wild. I was talking to a. To our advisor, 1. She brought up Nook. Nooks. Nook. What is it called?
Jon Baer: Nooks. Yeah, Nooks.
Christopher Hume: Which was hilarious. I'm like, holy. I thought about that earlier this week. But then the other thing is, he has 18 STRs, making 300 calls a day each. Oh, boy. We have a lot of room to grow using nooks, right? Yeah. Using Nooks. Yeah.
Jon Baer: Why? You could do like 80 in an hour. I mean, it really depends on, like, the answer rate. Like if you're. If you're calling, like, the office number, I probably wouldn't do something like Nooks, because it's.
Christopher Hume: Yeah.
Jon Baer: Up every. You know what I mean? Like, everyone. But, like, when you got cell phones and stuff like that, I mean, you can rip. Through it and then you can rip through it again later. Then you can call, you know, up to five people at once. But yeah. Yeah, I love Nooks. I. So I came from the sales enablement space at Seismic and it's actually big waves happening right now within that. Because Seismic and high spot were kind of like the, the leaders of the, the sales enablement space for years.
Jon Baer: Yeah, they're merging. Yeah. So I, it's just been a wild on my, like LinkedIn and I've been getting like hit up by a bunch of, you know, people that used to wait. Pretty big. Pretty big news. So. But yeah, just. You just see a lot of, you know, consolidation everywhere now it looks like. Yeah. People branching off. I know there was a huge thing with what, Alma. There was an Alma and Spring something. Merger or acquisition.
Christopher Hume: Yeah, Spring Health joins Alma.
Jon Baer: Yeah. Yeah. That, that's been a massive thing within the provider world.
Christopher Hume: I guess it'd be nice. It'd be nice. I wouldn't say no, but. Yeah. Wow. Alma has raised 221 million. Holy. That's cool. Do you. I. John. So it seems like, does it seem like we're kind of petering out on this list? I feel like we got a little bit of. We got like kind of slow ramp, then we spiked and now I feel like it's starting to burn down. Or do you think that's just kind of,
Jon Baer: I mean, I think that's just kind of how it goes. You know, you get, you're getting people like later in the list, you know, I, I again, like I said, you know, like yesterday I might have, you know, 90 tasks or 90 calls and 20 of those have deleted numbers, you know, so it's just kind of skipped, you know, so you're kind of at the point, you know what I mean? Like now where, you know, I've, you know, again, you never know. Like I could get somebody that, you know, picks up and it's just perfect timing and you know that. That's right. I mean, I'm still like, there's some people that I'm like, how has this guy clicked my links? Yeah. Different times and like not responded, not responded, not booked. Like there's some interest there. It's like, what the. You know.
Christopher Hume: Yeah, it's brutal.
Jon Baer: But yeah, I think, you know, you just, that's why it's always revolving cycle. That's why it's always like, I say, like 10 to 15 a day. And that's why you always have people going through flows. You get the people at the back end of flows. And. And. Yeah.
Christopher Hume: Okay. And then the other question for you, John, is, um. Do you have SO messaging? You said the audit stuff really hits. I've seen that myself. It's just like a really. I'm going to get some audit.
Jon Baer: I'd say audit compliance, like the biggest things. I kind of started to think. Think like billing, you know, and maximizing billing and revenue. That's important. But I mean even just from what I see, like from insurances and you know, some of the Facebook groups and stuff, I am with like providers that are asking questions about, you know, hey, I'm in an audit with this or what does this look like? It just seems like compliance and like audit is like huge right now.
Christopher Hume: Okay, all right, this is helpful. I'm also going to talk with Jack and Emily. I threw them to the fricking wolves. They, they're calling just like all of the work numbers in the NPES database for the past two weeks. So I'll see what feedback I can get from them and then we'll, we'll probably adjust those sequences and messaging. Thursday, Friday. And then the last question I had for you is I'm thinking like I want this to be a little bit more formal starting next week, just like a little bit more process driven, a little more best practices. What I'm thinking of doing and like this remains to be seen but it's potentially doing like finding new guys accounts I'll have rebuilt. And whether it's, we start this next week or in a few weeks, like doing the thing where it's like, hey, here are your like really important ones. You're the ones where it's just smile and dial.
Christopher Hume: Is that what you have done in your previous jobs?
Jon Baer: Yeah, I think, yeah.
Jon Baer: You get like kind of a list of accounts. Then you know, it just gives you, it gives us, I feel like the ability to start to like really know the accounts, know the area, know the competitors, know you know everything about it and then you have your top tier accounts, obviously the ones that everybody wants and then you know the rest where it's like be great to get something. But yeah, I don't know, I don't know how, how you break those off if you, if you're looking at like doing territory or just based on size or you know, whatnot. Yeah. Okay.
Christopher Hume: That gives me something to think about. The first few might just be little scatter shot, but yeah, that's a good idea. Okay. Is there anything I can help you with, John?
Jon Baer: No. No.
Christopher Hume: Okay, then we'll keep smiling, dialing and we'll make price and just end of this week, beginning next week.
Jon Baer: Cool. Awesome.
Christopher Hume: Thanks John.
Jon Baer: Thanks, Chris. Bye.
Christopher Hume: Bye.