jesseniaolivo: All right.
Lee Harrold: What are we looking to do today? I understand we're curious with e-prescriptions.
jesseniaolivo: Yeah, so I wanted to join e prescriptions because when we looked at it, I have escribe the AI, so and I paid 150 right now. So if I add the e-prescribe, I think it ends up becoming like 150, some like $10 more. Like I pay like maybe 10 or $15 more per month. So like it makes sense.
Lee Harrold: Gotcha. Cool. Yeah, well I can do that for you. Give me a second on my end. I can. Set up. Yeah, perfect. Okay. Oh, it looks like Nate is have you spoken with Nate already?
jesseniaolivo: I have.
Lee Harrold: Oh yeah, Nito great. Can you show me your JotSych? Can you share your screen and I can get you set up with yeah give me one moment. Sure.
jesseniaolivo: Sorry about that. Okay ready employers sweet.
Lee Harrold: Sweet. Yeah just open JotSec and then share screen.
jesseniaolivo: Got it. Entire screen.
Lee Harrold: This one I usually do because then I don't have to. Tabs every time.
jesseniaolivo: Okay. So you should be seeing it now.
Lee Harrold: Yeah it's good all right can you click on your practice next to record a middle. Go to clinicians? And yeah to add JotRx to your plan. Et thing is right right where we need to be like directly underneath that can you move it to the. Bottom like bottom left of the screen?
jesseniaolivo: Okay there we go.
Lee Harrold: Yeah.
jesseniaolivo: Move it a little more out there you go perfect.
Lee Harrold: Do you see on the line it says dosenia olive o the actions column at the far right? Yeah sweet so click on that and then if you scroll down very bottom yeah there's there's the jot rx description. There you go so as soon as as soon as you click this button we'll add this add on to your account so you'll be charged 69 a month. And then you know we can get you into dose spot.
jesseniaolivo: Okay but is it dosage spot?
Lee Harrold: I have those spot already oh yeah well it's yeah well and you're you're pretty you're pretty familiar with it it's the same but the quick question so.
jesseniaolivo: When will it turn into 160 something because right now if I click the 69 it's going to charge me 69 plus 150.
Lee Harrold: Oh yeah I'll I'll credit you.
jesseniaolivo: Okay got it. Okay.
Lee Harrold: Sweet the next thing we'll do is.
jesseniaolivo: We're just checking one more thing what is the.
Lee Harrold: Chat audit. Oh so that's jot audit is another feature that allows you to ensure that the notes that are generated like match the the kind of style that the payer they're being submitted to and so we just add sort of annotations to help rewrite the note or like suggest different things that you or your staff can do in future sessions to get information that would better support the claim.
jesseniaolivo: Yeah I think he told me about that I can add that later with the billing as a package or something like that okay all right
Lee Harrold: so let's let's get you let's get your your clinic set up within those spots so now if you click practice settings at the top. Yep we'll get you to yeah there's a connect do spot. Button hanging out there so you can change the clinic name we've defaulted it to your name and your like organization.
jesseniaolivo: I have the address one moment let me actually pull. Where's the address. I have to do it. Maybe I might just send you. Older. No. Okay just stop sharing just for a moment because it's getting in my no worries.
Lee Harrold: I usually I usually just hit the X on the like right side because it doesn't cancel the call it just makes the little floating thing go away.
jesseniaolivo: Where is the. Okay. Office virtual awkwardness oh Alliance that's what I want. To. Draw. This. Okay that's the Florida one. All. Iance. One moment I always lose the address here yeah no worries. Here. 42 the wrong way twirl. Ing 10. Right away. 12. Mirror concern 04. Okay Can I start sharing again you got the address. Yes update. Let me go to sharing. Okay there we go.
Lee Harrold: Do you see it yeah looks great yeah so on the there's like a little X on the right of that little floaty box you can click and then you don't have to worry about that anymore. Like.
Lee Harrold: Oh this one oh no on the on the bottom right like the one that has this one yeah if you click X like it'll keep it'll stay sharing it says you don't have to have that box.
Lee Harrold: Okay your power user nice work right so hit the next register button and then we'll get teleported to the account settings and at the very bottom of the stage or I guess you can click the blow button up there. There's the e prescriptions card. Yeah perfect so we populated this data with some of the information we had that looks like yeah yeah that you will need your DEA number and then also the address.
jesseniaolivo: Okay let's put that address in there again. 42 Broadway 12.
Lee Harrold: The formatting of that is really perfect. So it really easy to copy.
jesseniaolivo: That.
Lee Harrold: Oh looks like we'll need date of birth here too.
jesseniaolivo: Okay. Oh dear that's gonna be. Cool then so I prescribe in Florida and New York so how
Lee Harrold: would that work yeah so we're gonna associate New York with your. Dose spot account directly and then we're gonna add the Florida DEA number right after that. And if you want to register in some other states later the doors open yes definitely.
jesseniaolivo: So do you pay do I have to pay per state or is it all included?
Lee Harrold: Oh Ms. All included you you can't see the place where you add the other DE numbers right right now but that'll show up as soon as we finish this part.
jesseniaolivo: So it says do I currently use another ePrescribe I put yes. Ter spot and wherever my job is using which is a prognosis totally different.
Lee Harrold: So the. Kind of the vector those questions is to let you know that if you have like a refuel request or a change order. That you would want to transfer over to this account that's a thing that we could do. But it doesn't happen automatically like I would have to with your permission submit a change request if if you wanted. One of those to enter this account otherwise you could you could just. Prescribe new met medications from this and then I wouldn't have to write that and you could keep your your existing. Prescriptions on those accounts without changing them.
jesseniaolivo: Okay so could I just can I put no because I don't want to combine the anything yeah hit no.
Lee Harrold: Sweet now we can add a new DEA number for Florida at the bottom here.
Lee Harrold: Okay excellent oh underneath that there's a little we're now editing ha ha there we go.
jesseniaolivo: Okay I have to look up the Florida one now you're good.
Lee Harrold: It's such an extensive number I I joke that I if I had one I would just tattoo it on my wrist this is mine now part of me.
jesseniaolivo: I know right. 460.
Lee Harrold: Oh I say city. Oh it does that's sneaky it's weird that it populated oh because that is.
jesseniaolivo: Sneaky. Okay. And then we'll do three three zero. A da number let's go back to. Okay so got that. Oh it's weird it's like it made me. I think I need to fix the New York one
Lee Harrold: too oh oh yeah it assumed that the New York one was associated with the address that you put on your clinic. Yeah you can go ahead and put that information in.
jesseniaolivo: Just make sure okay that is the right one. Okay. 42.
jesseniaolivo: Exit codes look fake I know they do right it's like are you for real?
Lee Harrold: There's no way. A thousand and then the four
jesseniaolivo: number like are you for real wait what's going on there okay now. We're talking 920 okay all right so we're good with those two rock and roll
Lee Harrold: let's take a let's do a photo shoot now. Those five dose spot needs to needs to know that you were you and so do that two ways one it's going to get your picture and your social security number and two because the company running this check is Experian the one we know and love for credit card checks it's also going to ask for your credit card number they're not going to charge your credit card it's just that Experian is using that to make sure your SSN and your picture are associated with their record for decennia.
jesseniaolivo: Okay.
Lee Harrold: Oh hey look at that look at that all right this is where I recommend to play
jesseniaolivo: let me just make sure it's the one that I have because this is the one that I'm using. Tree is this did this might be different then oh no it's still spot right
Lee Harrold: it is still spot yeah behind behind the scene yeah scenes must be let me take a look.
jesseniaolivo: Yeah. Has not been confirmed so it could be because I already have an account with them
Lee Harrold: maybe I I don't know I can't I can usually check I can usually find out pretty quick what the issue is let me just find my own identity provider do the thing. Yesterday for someone who just didn't like that he had a suffix at the end of his name. Well that's important his father is also a prescribing physician he well maybe
jesseniaolivo: it's because I have my own communications name I don't know
Lee Harrold: I don't know what's what did you what did we end up naming your clinic do you remember?
Lee Harrold: Chief care achieve care okay. This clinician has a warrant out for their arrest
jesseniaolivo: soon it's going to be doctor I'll be done with my doctorate.
Lee Harrold: What's going on here.
jesseniaolivo: Billing NPI did they need us to put that in.
Lee Harrold: Take a look. No that should be that should be fine.
jesseniaolivo: Facility information maybe.
Lee Harrold: Yeah it's weird on this end it's like all the information. Looks right and there's nothing clearly that's the matter so tell you what I'm going to do. Reach out to our friends at do spot and figure out what's going on.
Lee Harrold: Okay as soon as I can is that okay?
jesseniaolivo: Yeah no that's fine I have time sweet sweet yeah yeah my day my day offcoming day off is Monday if you need to schedule anything for like a follow-up to continue Monday available great is it Monday yes it's Monday available.
Lee Harrold: You're like did I take a day off today? I don't know.
jesseniaolivo: It's Monday yep Monday I'll still have it
Lee Harrold: great yeah okay yeah so yeah. I'm sure I'll get an answer like within the next day so. I don't know what do you is there a time you would want to meet sooner if not Monday is completely
jesseniaolivo: fine yeah I could do like probably my lunch break in between like usually my 12 30 so 12 30 p.m anytime during the weekday. Continue.
Lee Harrold: Great okay yeah well I have the I have that written down and you at some point in the future sounds like you already set up to to work with Nate for credentialing is that right?
Lee Harrold: Yes okay cool. Cool cool cool well just any I will figure out what is going on here and then I'll get back to you okay thank you it was great to meet you
jesseniaolivo: okay good to meet you too.