Emily Kaiser: Start.
Abebe Belete: Yeah. So I have been using this one. Yes.
Emily Kaiser: Okay, great. See, I'm sorry. Did you say you've been using jot psych?
Abebe Belete: Yes.
Emily Kaiser: Okay. How long have you been using it?
Abebe Belete: I'm almost over a year.
Emily Kaiser: Okay, great. And what do you think about all of the new updates going on?
Abebe Belete: Well, I just thought recently because it was making me more confused. The new update. And then before, you know, just was putting, like, what I'm telling him to do. But the new update was just like putting a lot of unnecessary thing, a lot of unnecessary detail. And it was mass. I just sent several times to correct it. And I said, well, the old one was much better than you. And maybe I know you guys may be like anyone, but because I see the difference and then they were unable to, I don't know, corrected or something. And I just. Well, because it was not working for me because I was giving, like, unnecessary detail. It was too much.
Emily Kaiser: I see. Okay. And were you able to kind of counteract that and or correct that? And it's. Are you able to be. Are you able to use it now kind of more seamlessly or you're still feeling like it is.
Abebe Belete: I don't know. So I just. I told them, like, two, three times, but they didn't know corrected. And I just. I just stopped.
Abebe Belete: So now I saw you guys are doing something. That's why I want to just go over with you again.
Emily Kaiser: Yeah, definitely. Okay, well, I can help answer any questions about job psych as well. If you're feeling like you need a little bit clarification around any of the new features. I'm happy to kind of walk through that with you. But today we can kind of focus on jot start, and then I can answer any remaining questions at the end, if that works with you.
Abebe Belete: Okay.
Emily Kaiser: Okay, great. So actually, let me just go ahead and share my screen so you can see what I'm seeing. I'm not sure if you have seen the jot start website, the extension of jot psych. Are you able to see this?
Abebe Belete: Yes.
Emily Kaiser: Okay, great. So i'll kind of walk through all of this information. But before I kind of start, it would be very helpful if you could share a little bit more about you and your practice and kind of where you're at currently just in life and. And what you want to do long term. If any of your. If you could just kind of tell me, like, sole provider, are you a part of a clinic and we can kind of go from there?
Abebe Belete: I am a psych providers provider working full-time and also I open my own private practice. The reason I was just like this one, I don't know if it's going to work or not, but because for my own private practice, I want to just use it. So I have a website. I already. Create that. But still, i'm not seeing, like, any patient. I don't know where they're going because I have psychology today. I have web md, but. And then I work for somebody else online. I see a lot of patients for them, but i'm not seeing any patient for me.
Emily Kaiser: Okay, I see.
Abebe Belete: So it was. It was connected. I don't know from their website or my website.
Emily Kaiser: They are just taking my.
Abebe Belete: I don't know.
Emily Kaiser: Okay. Okay. So just to kind of recap, basically, you are a part of a practice, but you also have your own individual. I'm sorry, you're a part of a clinic, but you have your own practice. It sounds like currently you are only taking appointments underneath that clinic, but you would like to start kind of moving on to your personal book of business. Okay. How long have you. And you said you have a website.
Abebe Belete: Yes. So if you google it like www.raya psychiatric.com.
Emily Kaiser: Let's see. Ra ya psychiatric.com.
Abebe Belete: Yes. Hi kathry.com. That no space.
Emily Kaiser: Okay got it right here. Okay perfect. Awesome this looks great. Okay so you have a website up and running are you credentialed independently?
Abebe Belete: Yes okay.
Emily Kaiser: I'm just looking through your website this looks great so you're feeling like you're not getting any appointments. For your. Individual practice.
Emily Kaiser: Yes okay and how long have you had this website or been trying to get individual clients?
Abebe Belete: Now is for a while I think like. Over. Two months I think over two months but prior to that I have that the website not this website but just psychology today and then web MD also since December.
Emily Kaiser: Okay. Okay great. Okay so let me like I'm like I said let me share my screen so as you see what jot start is is essentially building it's a combination it's a bundle of a package between jot site site and jot cred jot site is where job psych builds your website and jot cred is credentialing for your payers. So right now, as you know, if you are a part of a third party like grow or headway, essentially, if you get credentialed with that third party, yes, you are credentialed with those payers and you can run billing through those payers. But if you ever were to disconnect from one of those third parties, you're no longer credentialed. Right? So jot cred, what it does is we basically work two credential you as an independent provider. So that way if you were to ever disconnect from JotSych or whatever it may be, you are still credentialed. So it's just kind of getting you more up and running in an independent way. Just to kind of provide a little feedback on that. So you are credentialed, it sounds like, and you have the website. So I am wondering what from jot start are you looking to get out of, like in what way can we kind of help with your practice?
Abebe Belete: So I think getting like more patient, like maybe, as I said, I am seeing like because I work telehealth for ruler and also under headway, but like headway, I have been with headway like over three years.
Emily Kaiser: Oh wow. Okay.
Abebe Belete: But ruler, I see a lot of patients because they have, I think, therapies. And yeah, and also I am advertising and psychology today. I see rule hours of psychology today. I don't know they are taking from that to my appointment. And also they have, you know, therapies, the therapist also they are referring me seeing like at least I'm seeing a patient there, but headway is none. And also on my own, it's just none. Zero of one. I think it's one.
Emily Kaiser: Okay. So you're looking to kind of condense. It sounds like to me. You're using a few different third parties and you're looking to kind of keep everything in one space and that space being your independent book of business, correct? Yes. Okay. So I guess when you say your credential, so how are you credentialed currently? Are you credentialed through the same payers on each third party or what is your current setup?
Abebe Belete: No, I pay for somebody to do for me, which is they did under my private practice under your private practice.
Emily Kaiser: Okay. Okay. So it sounds like unless you want to add any payers credentialing wise, you are all good on. Yes. Do you currently need help?
Abebe Belete: I have like four. Like. Like even this one united signa, Aetna, there I am credential.
Emily Kaiser: Okay. And you have your website. Are you looking to kind of change your website at all?
Abebe Belete: I don't think so. My website is a problem, but the problem is I'm not getting a patient. I don't know if it will.
Emily Kaiser: Yeah. Yes. Okay. So this is kind of just to kind of break it down of what jot start is. I'm wondering if Jotville may be a better fit for you. So jot start is again just kind of the breakdown of the bundle of jot site and jot cred. Jot site being the website build and jot cred being credentialing. But the way I'm, the reason why I'm kind of steering you to jot Bill is it sounds like you have these things. Under control. It sounds like you have set these things up and you are good to go as far as your site and credentialing. So I don't think that this would maybe be the best fit for you. It just may be a little bit redundant of all the things that you've already worked hard on. So why don't we kind of keep these things as is. And if anything comes along as though, you know, you want to be credentialed with another payer under your independent practice. That is where we can help. But we don't necessarily need to build you a website. So I am wondering if job bill is more applicable and drop bill is essentially. So like we talked about the beginning of this call, JotSych is making many changes to the platform. Just to give you a little background on that. So you have a better understanding is jot psych. Obviously, we started as an AI scribe, and we are hearing from a lot of our customers and a lot of clinicians that there are simply too many systems in place that are needed to operate your day to day workflow. So it sounds like you're very familiar. But basically you have a system for your EHR, a system for prescribing a system for billing, system for, you know, whether you're getting credentialed on your own or building your own website and then kind of keeping all of this stuff together. So Jot Bill or Jot psych is working on becoming a one stop shop in the sense that we handle the billing. You are now able to build, prescribe, get credentialed, do a website, all of these things. Do the AI scribe through jot psych. So that's kind of the why behind it. And jot Bill specifically is helping clinicians bill independently through Jot psych. So you're currently using JotSlake as an AI scribe.
Abebe Belete: Right?
Emily Kaiser: Yes. So jots in that note, basically, we would connect to all of the payers that you are credentialed with and we would basically allow your note taking to be payer aware notes. So let me show you. Does this sound like it would be applicable to you?
Abebe Belete: Yeah, I think maybe for billing, because right now. As I said, I saw a few patients like adult family home and one, I think it's online. I have like a few, but they did not. Pay me. I sent them, I don't know what is the thing. So yeah, just show me how you guys are handling like billing and coding those kind of things.
Emily Kaiser: Okay, that sounds good. And yeah, let me know if this is not something that you're interested in because completely understand, like I said, Jot psych offers so many different things so we can definitely figure out where we can assist you in building your private practice. But yeah, I just wanted to make sure we're on the same page here because like I said, it sounds like you have a website up and going and you've been credentialed. So I would imagine that this is probably more kind of what you're looking for as far as services and help. Okay. So can you still see my screen?
Abebe Belete: Yes.
Emily Kaiser: Okay. So let me just click through here. So jot bill, like I said, is essentially a hybrid between the AI that we've built and the human billing engine. So it basically our AI audit system analyzes each note in your jot psych. So every time you record with a patient and it creates a note, we're analyzing each note for payer specific rules coding accuracy and claim readiness. And then it goes to our human billing specialist team and we are validating all of those things. So that's where our human team comes in. We manage denials, ensure compliance. And together we can kind of deliver the cleanest claims because we know that that system. Can just kind of be a headache. It could be time consuming and. And it's not guaranteed payment. So we're working on kind of ironing out all of the wrinkles in the back end before submitting the claim to billing. So everything just runs a little bit smoother. Basically, we're helping clinicians get paid faster. Okay. Any questions there? Okay, so this is kind of how it works. This breaks it down. From pre encounter to after encounter. So before the encounter, these screens probably look a little familiar to you. But before the encounters where eligibility happens. So basically before each appointment, JotBill is confirming your patient's insurance is active and making sure we're checking all the boxes and gathering the correct information that that insurance is going to need during the encounter is where JotSych is writing that clean payer aware note. So again, it's looking at the template that you're choosing before starting the appointment. And it's also looking at the patient's insurance. And what is the necessary information for that type of appointment for the CPT codes for the payer rules. All of those things. It's generally prompting you for any missing information. Any missing details or anything that's needed for the billing team as far as, you know, audits go. And then after the encounter is where you were, you are to sign the note and jot Bill takes over. So once you sign job built checks, the coding accuracy validates the claim and submits it automatically. Does that make sense? Yes. Okay. Does this sound like it would be applicable for your business?
Abebe Belete: Yes.
Emily Kaiser: Okay. So this kind of sounds like maybe where we would want to head in our next direction as far as getting you up and on your feet as an independent provider.
Abebe Belete: Yes. So I have a quick question. So this, so this is like AI. For my notes. Plus. And then you guys have also EHR system, which is like using for documentation and save the documentation there.
Emily Kaiser: Yes.
Abebe Belete: And also prescribing medication there.
Emily Kaiser: Yes, correct.
Abebe Belete: So like I said, one hand, one, just everything is only using this one. No other HR, no other A prescribing. So like billing coding, everything just one system.
Emily Kaiser: Exactly. So it's condensing the how many systems that you need. But it's also making your workflow more seamless and it's also condensing, you know, think about probably all of the subscriptions and all of the different monthly fees that you have for all of these different system condensing that down to one place as well. So we're, you know, making your workflow more seamless because everything is intertwined. Everything is in one space, but also just more seamless as far as maybe mental clutter comes. So and then always at the very end here, you see the RCM overview. And basically this is a monthly financial review, so it's a place for you to kind of check your books. It's a place for you to see what's being billed, what's being paid, what's being denied, or what's being fixed. So you can see reoccurring patterns or anything like that.
Abebe Belete: I think this, this is on, this one is good. Yeah.
Emily Kaiser: Yeah. I think just from talking to you today and, and learning a little bit more about your business as you share more information, this may be seems like it's kind of your next step because you have the website, you have the credentialing, you have done those steps, and I think jot safe, taking that over at this point may be a bit redundant and maybe not necessary because you've already done that heavy lifting. So what I think may be more worth your time is to focus on something like Jot Bill. And like you said, the EHR integration, the e prescribing and kind of condensing everything to one system so you can work on, you know, we move everything to one system. We do all of that heavy lifting and you kind of work on building your book of business with the things that you've built. Already. And then if you need additional credentialing or whatever it may be, website tweaking, whatever it may be, we can help with that as well.
Abebe Belete: Okay. Okay. Yeah, I think this one is good. Like in one system because right now I'm using like simple practice. I'm paying for simple practice. Well, it's not expensive.
Emily Kaiser: And also patient.
Abebe Belete: And plus using doctor first for prescribing. And also for my documentation. I'm using a difference. So I have like three and then I have anybody for billing. That's a, that's a part that I when I'm struggling. So because I have another full time. And this is my own private practice is just still part of me because I don't have a lot of patience yet. Full patient. One of my cases, you know high, I can just focus on my own. But at this time I don't. Okay, I think, I think this one is good. So, but how much are you guys are charging for this all the old things or bundle?
Emily Kaiser: Yeah, so well, let me show you a breakdown of jot bill before we kind of move forward on the whole pricing. So you can kind of understand jot bill a little bit better. So basically, as you know, working with third parties like simple practice and all the things, they take a large chunk of any successful collections. And you have the ability here again, just making it more independent for clinicians. You have the ability to choose whatever package works for you in your practice. So you could do the 4% successful collection, 6% or 8%. And depending on which package you choose is kind of how involved jot cycle will be and how involved you will be on your, on the billing end of things.
Abebe Belete: What, what is it for us between essential, complete and max?
Emily Kaiser: Can you repeat that?
Abebe Belete: What is the difference realm? Like say 4%, 6%, 8% Yeah.
Emily Kaiser: So if you look down here, basically, so 4% of collections is your essentials. It's everything that you need as far as we're doing the eligibility checks. We are creating payer aware documentation and coding. And then we're creating the clean claim generation and submission. To complete, which is the 6% is everything in the essentials. So everything you see here, as well as payment posting and era analytics. Automated appeals, payer rules, auto updated. And then the 8% basically is automated under payment detection. So flagging anything if you're experiencing any underpayment patient collections and dedicated billing manager. So just kind of an overall manager. Of all of your collections and all of your billing comes with the max, which is the 8%, but it is completely up to you. It depends on what kind of what your business looks like right now and how much. You kind of want to, you know, give up as far as the percentages.
Abebe Belete: Okay, this is just only for collection, for billing. How about the HR and then the other stuff?
Emily Kaiser: Yeah, yeah. Let me go ahead and switch screens here so you can find this information on jot psych.com if you are not logged in. Let me. Go here. Okay, can you still see the screen?
Abebe Belete: Yes.
Emily Kaiser: Okay. So I would imagine you're paying the 135 for maybe the 150 for the AI scribe currently. And then everything. These are all the features. We're doing kind of an a la carte approach now because there's so many things that you can, we can offer. You can select from. So if I go over here, you can see all of the different options. So what you're currently looking for, it sounds like it's the jot bill. So you would make a selection of four to 8%. And then it sounds like you would want the EHR essentials. In jot rx, which is $62 a month. So we would kind of look at what you currently are operating. What you're currently operating from. And then we would kind of build you a package based off of that.
Abebe Belete: Okay, so now how much will be the package? Like think like comprehensive compliance.
Emily Kaiser: So if you wanted to do everything, it is 269 a month. So that is all things included. So all add on options included. So that's operating as an EHR. That is your job bill. That is your AI scribe that is all things.
Abebe Belete: All packages 269 before tax.
Emily Kaiser: If you wanted to do all of these things that you see on the screen now.
Abebe Belete: Okay. Okay.
Emily Kaiser: So in comparison, that is where I always kind of recommend that people kind of look at what they're currently paying with all of the different systems you're using, like the ones you mentioned earlier in the call and kind of adding up what you're currently paying. And what you're getting out of those services and doing a comparison to that 269 in this list here.
Abebe Belete: Yeah. Okay.
Emily Kaiser: What are just your current thoughts? I know that we have shared a lot of information today and I know it can be a bit overwhelming. So please let me know kind of like what your initial thoughts are, but also if you have any questions that I can maybe provide clarity on.
Abebe Belete: So like what is. The EHR system like, you know, but so you guys, you create your own HR system like that's connected to the pharmacy.
Emily Kaiser: So we have, well, that is a part of JotRx. So when we're talking about the EHR specifically. Yes. So sorry to answer your question. So you have the EHR essentials, which is basically you are able to send labs, forms, documents and follow up emails directly to patients via text message or via email. And with jot rx, you can prescribe directly in your chart.
Abebe Belete: So like sending any pharmacy, I can, you know, pull the pharmacy address and send medication then.
Emily Kaiser: Yes, actually, you don't even need to if I can share my screen on this. Let me stop sharing and see if I can pull up the jot Rx. But essentially we have a prescribing partner dose spot. And so when you do see here, when you do go to prescribe, it'll be right where you, that note is created and you just click prescribe or choose medication and it brings you, it opens up a second window and all of that information is in Jot psych transfers over. So all of the information as far as you don't have to enter anything twice, which is a big plus for a lot of our customers. But essentially all that information transfers as far as patient information, insurance information, all things like that.
Abebe Belete: Wow. Okay. Well, that's good. Yeah. So, okay, yeah, I think I like it. So let me just review it because I have to review my other contract. I think I don't know if I sign for one year or I can just stop it. I knew that this, this one I can send you email and then I can switch it. Because I need like the one has like everything including billing coding and prescribing documentation or just one thing I want.
Abebe Belete: So monitoring just one place is good instead of just using multiple.
Emily Kaiser: Okay, that sounds good. So why don't we set up a follow up then? I'm not sure as far as timeline how much time you need to kind of look into all of that, but we could do either Wednesday this week. I'm going out of town on Thursday. If you wanted to do it with another member of our team, we could certainly set that up while I'm away.
Abebe Belete: Sorry, you have us just next week.
Emily Kaiser: Yes, let's look at Wednesday or Thursday next week. What works best? Thursday. Okay, cool. I am wide open on Thursday. Are you Eastern Standard Time?
Abebe Belete: I know.
Emily Kaiser: Pacific. Okay, great. Where are you located?
Abebe Belete: Washington state?
Emily Kaiser: Oh nice. That is where I'm going on vacation actually. My brother lives there, so we're going to just go see him.
Abebe Belete: Okay. Okay. That's good.
Emily Kaiser: Yeah. What's that?
Abebe Belete: So you come into Seattle.
Emily Kaiser: Yes, we're flying into Seattle, but he lives in Union, Washington.
Abebe Belete: Oh, okay.
Emily Kaiser: Yeah. So let me. I am going to set you up for a meeting that's going to say jot Rx, but we can kind of do a little bit of everything on this meeting, but it'll just be a general follow up. For everything we talked about today and kind of figuring out what package works best for you. And then if you come in and you decide, you know, if you already have it decided that you want to do these things, we can kind of work on setting you up that day as well.
Abebe Belete: Yeah. So because if I'm going to switch that, I have to just review my contract with simple practice and then I will switch everything. So because they are not helping for billing and coding is find somebody else that I don't right now. And yeah, it's just too much.
Emily Kaiser: That's why you're not alone there.
Abebe Belete: If I'm going to switch, I will switch everything like. All of them like the billing coding all.
Emily Kaiser: Yes, that is often what we hear again, because so many clinicians are telling us that there's just so many things to keep up with. So yeah, let's go ahead and I'm looking at
Abebe Belete: the 16 and checking the insurance. And you know if it's the insurance is active or not and then also doing those billing coding, those kind of things. That's like a lot of work for us instead of just focusing patient care as we focus on those things, especially when we have like a private practice.
Abebe Belete: So yes, I think I like this one.
Emily Kaiser: Okay, that sounds good. And I mean, we definitely understand the thought process on that. Like you said, it's a lot of work to kind of keep up with. So what John Sank is trying to do here is decrease all of the mental clutter, but also all the admin work. So you can focus on patient care. Being your top priority.
Abebe Belete: Yes. Okay.
Emily Kaiser: Okay. Yeah. 16:01 I have availability between 7:00 a.m. down to 1:30pM Pacific Standard Time.
Abebe Belete: So next week, Thursday. Yeah, yeah, I think seven will work for me.
Emily Kaiser: 7:00 a.m.
Abebe Belete: Yeah. 30 minutes. So we'll finish by 7:3. 0.
Emily Kaiser: Yes, exactly.
Abebe Belete: Yeah.
Emily Kaiser: Sooner. Yeah, yeah, we can make it as little or as much time as you need. So let me go over and just. Pull some information here. I want to make sure that you receive this because sometimes it does slip into spam. So I will go ahead and send it to this email. Okay here. Is a good phone number for you.
Abebe Belete: Six. Eight, one, nine. Zero two eight seven.
Emily Kaiser: Okay, perfect. So if you could just check that email really quick. I want to make sure you received that. And it looks like it's scheduled with Lee, another member of our team, but I will make sure to change that. To. Make sure that you and I are meeting together so we can kind of pick up where we left off.
Abebe Belete: Okay. Yeah, stays here now. It says Lee.
Emily Kaiser: Yes, I will just go ahead and message Lee and we'll get that addressed at our on our end. So no worries there. But you did receive that. Are you able to add to your calendar or accept?
Abebe Belete: Yes. Yes. Yeah. So now I join my calendar.
Emily Kaiser: Okay, great. So if you need anything in the meantime, if you have any questions, you can email us whatever. We can help with. I'm happy to help in the meantime provide any clarity. But other than that, we will see you next Thursday to kind of talk about what package works best for you.
Abebe Belete: Yeah. I think if it's literally this thing is if it's working well, I have a lot of friends also, they are struggling those kind of thing. And then they will use it. So, but we'll see. I want to see first is make sure it's just like, you know, working well and, you know, connecting with HR, those kind of system. And then I'll let them know because they are starting.
Emily Kaiser: To. Okay, well that sounds great. I mean, like I said, you're definitely not alone on all of the pain points that you're experiencing with too many systems. So we totally appreciate any word of mouth. But yeah, let's get you going and see how you like the system and then we'll kind of go from there.
Abebe Belete: Okay. Okay. Thank you so much for your time.
Emily Kaiser: Thank you for your time. It was nice to meet you. Have a good day.
Abebe Belete: You too. Thank you.
Emily Kaiser: Bye.