Becca Bressler: To walk me through your ehr, how prescribing works, like where are all the different places in your software that you could like get to it from? And yeah, if we could just. I just kind of want to see what it looks like on your end to make sure that we're not missing anything as far
Lisa Anderson: as for like a little disclaimer. I'm actually not really having happy with the current EHR prescription service they use. Dr. First I believe.
Becca Bressler: Okay, yeah, we are not doing that. We're doing Dose Spot. So it's a more user friendly. Much more user friendly.
Lisa Anderson: Yeah, I'm not happy with it but yeah, it's very cumbersome. So. And I know that with my other system that I had before was practice fusion and the future that I miss the most is people being able to put in drafts for me and so because like the nurse could put in a draft for me for prescription like if they received a refill request or whatever. But this system will not allow you to put in drafts unless you are a paid clinician. Interesting pay for it and just very cumbersome. So that is the number one feature I hate. But okay, yeah, let me talk about.
Becca Bressler: Yeah, and how much extra is it cost wise?
Lisa Anderson: A lot. Like it's a lot. I know I pay a little bit more just because of. I had the controlled substance access which the where's my screen physician does not. Does it not allow me to share? Okay, let me log into it via Chrome. I normally use a different browser. Sorry.
Becca Bressler: No problem.
Lisa Anderson: I guess you can't share via the DeckDuckGo browser which is what I typically use. But yeah, so I'm trying to think exactly how much I. I know that the total ehr, like the baseline for both me and unfortunately the physician that I have to pay for too, which is the worst rip off in the entire world because all she needs it for is just to send stimulant medications. Because we live in Texas and I paid $277 for both of us to access it together.
Lisa Anderson: 77 together, which I mean for just me it would be about 150.
Becca Bressler: And is that like the add on fee you have in order to prescribe or you're saying $275 a month for your EHR with prescription capabilities.
Lisa Anderson: So it's with prescription capabilities.
Becca Bressler: Is there a separate fee you pay though for prescriptions or. No. Is there a separate fee that you pay for your EHR, like just having an EHR et cetera or is 270, 275 is the total cost of. You pay for your practice management software with E prescription.
Lisa Anderson: Yeah, it's the total cost.
Becca Bressler: Total.
Lisa Anderson: I do have though, billing capabilities through this ehr.
Becca Bressler: Yeah.
Lisa Anderson: Which I really love. And it's saved my life, like a lot. And it's ridiculously cheap, which I, or in my opinion is cheap. What did I do?
Becca Bressler: How much is it? And can you tell me more about how it saved your life?
Lisa Anderson: Yeah, yeah. So I think you can see this. This right here. But yeah, so if I just like, I think I already submitted my claims, but I just, you know, can go over here to, you know, payments and then it like automatically comes to my account and it automatically applies it to the patient's accounts, which are excellent. And I can just file it like directly through here. That's Medicare that got denied, which I'm still working with them. But I mean it's. It's really nice because I can just file them directly through here and I get the first 35 claims for free and then it's 25 cents per claim after that.
Becca Bressler: Okay.
Lisa Anderson: So it is nice because it's not adding a whole lot to me at all. And so I really, really like that.
Becca Bressler: But is it, is it like, is what's helpful that like you can just click, you like put in a code, you pick the insurance, you press a button and it just comes back and with the explanation of benefits and it attaches it to the patient chart so you don't have to do any of that. Does it like then automatically send a bill to your patient so they know what their like additional charge is or what's that part? You know, if insurance doesn't cover all of it, for instance, like do some of the.
Lisa Anderson: So I verify benefits through here as well and it's pretty accurate and the verification is free, which I appreciate with them. So because I pay for the extra service. So, you know, if I were to just go to. I've already verified their benefits, but, you know, I can just go over to them and just, you know, request a new status check and it verifies it for free and I can do it as many times as I want. Sometimes it's not as accurate and I still need to go to a velody or for this one, like for United Healthcare, you need to go to the Optum website. But I love how it just can. It'll tell me about the deductible coinsurance and this one has a $5 visit thing and so I can just put it into the system and then collect the $5. And once I do the appointment. I don't have any claims right now. I need to submit. But you just go to claims and you just submit and that's it. And it's so easy now. It did take a long time to get them, like, actually working here of. Where is that at? Because it's. And I'm still pending with the couple, I believe. But payers and I still had to work out with some. But like. Like Blue Cross, Blue Shield, you know, this one was easy and I didn't know which one to file with. That's why that one has rejected, because it's my company right here that got accepted. But it takes a good like six to eight weeks for it to actually come through here, which kind of is annoying, but I can still file claims. But I just didn't have access to the EOBs until it actually came through. And then I just got Medicare, like two weeks ago, I believe, which I was very happy with, so I can finally file my Medicare claims. So do you have to.
Becca Bressler: Do you have to chase down denials? Do they help you with that at all?
Lisa Anderson: So, interestingly enough, they do to some degree. Let me see here. Which one was. I think it was. So I think it was her that she actually had. No, it wasn't her.
Becca Bressler: Shoot.
Lisa Anderson: I've had like two. Aetna is the one that does a lot of denials for me. And for some reason they just automatically, like, fix it, I guess. And so it's like they resubmit it again and then it comes back a couple weeks later and it's. It's taken care of. I do have a couple of denials in there. And I know why. And so, like, well, I don't know about the Medicare. This one I'm fighting because they claim that I'm not in network, which they confirmed I was in network. So I'm fighting that one. But. And so that one I'm actively fighting. But other than that, I've never had to do anything. It just automatically does it for me, so. Which is really cool.
Becca Bressler: That's awesome. Okay, so now. Oh, sorry, Give me one second. Lisa. So now will you. Can you walk me through the. Yeah, the prescription process. So you.
Lisa Anderson: You have a user, you go into the chart, and then for this system, you just. You click on medications, and then it'll show you the medications here, which nobody else has access to unless you have like, the clinician status, which really sucks, because that's hard, especially for my students that look at the chart because they're like, what meds are they on? That kind of sucks. But. And then for this one, you just manage medications and it takes you to that doctor first or whatever, Arcopia, whatever thing, and it's very cumbersome. I hate this system so much. But it's, you know, if I wanted to refill the meds, you just click on that and then renew the medication and then for, like the Astaris, I live in Texas. Texas is one of four states that doesn't allow my name to be on that bottle, which is why I have to pay for a physician to have access, which cost me an extra 150 bucks a month. Which really, it's about 130 month for her.
Becca Bressler: Who are you paying that to?
Lisa Anderson: I have to pay it to the EHR for her to have access to the prescriptions. And it's horrible because she doesn't see any patients. She never does any notes at all. All she needs access to is the prescriptions to send Schedule 2 substances, which are my stimulants for ADHD. And I have to pay an extra 130 bucks a month just for her to do that.
Becca Bressler: So, Lisa, if it were just you, you're saying you would pay $150 for simple practice with E prescription? That's all it would be? It'd be $150.
Lisa Anderson: I think it'd be just a slight bit more because I have controlled substances. Like, I can do the view PMP data through here, which I pay like an extra. Like, I think it's like, it's not much. It's like 10 bucks or something like that. So I think it's like roughly about 100 with taxes. It's like $168 or something like that.
Becca Bressler: Okay.
Lisa Anderson: Yeah. And that's what I pay for just me. But for. With her involved, it's 277 per month. And that's. That hurts.
Becca Bressler: Yeah, for sure. I totally understand that.
Lisa Anderson: I just wish that there was a way for her to. She doesn't need notes or anything. All she needs to do is be able to prescribe stimulants with maybe about a third of my patients that are on stimulants, and I have to pay all that money just for her.
Becca Bressler: Do is the only way to access or submit medication through the patient's chart or is there. There's no other way to get to the prescription?
Lisa Anderson: Like, so you go back.
Becca Bressler: If you go back to. What about your account? So like. Okay, so. Okay, can you click E prescribe on the left hand side? The left.
Lisa Anderson: Yeah. These are just alerts.
Becca Bressler: Okay, gotcha. What kinds of alerts show up here if I haven't.
Lisa Anderson: If I have a prescription that I accidentally didn't send, then it'll show up in here reminding me that I have a prescription to send. If that. Actually, that's about it. That's the only alert that comes up there.
Lisa Anderson: Okay, got it. Unfortunately, prior auths don't come up there. They only come up if I click into the system and like I go over here to require auths. They. And it'll finally show up. So that's cumbersome as well.
Becca Bressler: So when are you checking that? Like what part of your workflow are you checking that for prior auths?
Lisa Anderson: I only check it when I send a prescription, and I see that there's a little number one here, then I'll go to it and see who needs a prior auth.
Becca Bressler: Is that something you see after you try submitting the medication, though? So it's like you submit the prescription, that's something that comes back.
Lisa Anderson: Yeah.
Becca Bressler: Okay, got it. Can you talk to me a little bit about the setup process? So how did you on board with eprescription? Did someone at Simple Practice walk you through? Through it.
Becca Bressler: Like I know you need certain credentials in order to set up your E prescribe. Did you do that within Simple Practice? Like is it under your settings? Like where like, like you have a DEA number if you're doing prescribed substances? Right. Does that inside Simple Practice? Okay, so profile and security team members?
Lisa Anderson: I think so, yeah. Then you know me and the physician have the prescription access. But I mean it would just be like if I wanted to. This is my student's account. This is what they have access to obviously. And I can change it where they are a clinician and then that's an extra 74amonth and that's just for basically like notes and stuff. And then there's an extra cost on top of that for the medications.
Becca Bressler: Okay, got it. So this is where you would like configure what they're entitled to, etc. What would happen if you gave them access to medication? Would they get an email where like they then have to set up their own credentials or do you know what happens on their end?
Lisa Anderson: Yeah, so they have to set up their own credentials. They have to make an account with the EHR underneath me. Of course they're connected to my EHR and of course I have to pay for them. And then they go through their own credentialing process or like verification process. Not really credential verification process where they have to verify their identity and that kind of stuff. And it was for Dr. First. It was very cumbersome. Like I, I'm not happy with them at all. They're horrible.
Becca Bressler: So yeah, so yeah, I've heard that about Dr. First actually. So they. Where do your credentials live for E prescription? Are they in here somewhere?
Lisa Anderson: They should be. So if I go here, I think at a team member, everything's like right in here. So of where my prescriptions are at and.
Becca Bressler: Got it.
Lisa Anderson: Yeah.
Becca Bressler: E Prescription access role info. Got it. So yeah, this is actually really helpful to see. So team members. So this is all of your, this is your permissions basically. What happens if you click practice above team like plan. Yeah, can you click me through these? I'm actually just like very curious about this practice.
Lisa Anderson: This is just my practice info. Yeah.
Becca Bressler: Okay. Telehealth billing address and then what happens?
Lisa Anderson: This is just the business files I have just for like the NPI number and stuff like that. Just. Have convenient.
Becca Bressler: Got it. Plan info. Can I see the plan info? Okay so upcoming bill. So actually can you scroll up so plan so you can change plan inside here and then you can if you go to access or add ons to scroll down for a little bit. Add ons. What happens if you click manage access to add ons? I'm curious where it like this one. So yeah okay so that's where you could remove but it's not necessarily where you could add someone. If you want to add someone you have to team.
Lisa Anderson: What about the other oh go ahead. This is the extra cost. So it's like that $77 plus this $49 per month for that you prescribe access for everybody.
Lisa Anderson: Remind me what the $77 that's just for access for clinician to get access to make your own notes and everything.
Becca Bressler: The clinician profile.
Lisa Anderson: Yeah.
Becca Bressler: So can you go back one step? I want to see the other add ons that you can configure so plan info so you can change your plan here if you scroll down e prescribe. What happens if you select what happened? Keep up for one second. So what happens if you select plan plus team members admin users. If you scroll up just a little bit. Lisa, what happens if you select change plan?
Lisa Anderson: So I'm already on the top plan that there is. Okay. But yeah so it's 173 per month with taxes it comes out to 177 with who I have right now
Becca Bressler: does are you able to have. So there's like add ons but then there's like tier. There's like base packages. Right. Are you able to have or is that not how it works?
Lisa Anderson: Basically I don't because I mean like one of the add ons is their note taker which is like their AI thing which I don't want to do.
Becca Bressler: So I ignore that you click to manage access for I'm just what you see.
Lisa Anderson: So you can just do on off which I have no interest in that with them so
Becca Bressler: And I just see what happens though if you click the off. Obviously you're not going to go through with it but I'm just curious if you click the tab what you see just. Okay, got it. And then it'll just charge you basically.
Lisa Anderson: Yeah. So it's you know, I don't know for me it's just, it's. It's just cumbersome to have the cost be you know this.
Becca Bressler: Yeah.
Lisa Anderson: Exorbitant amount just to have the position. Involved just to send meds. I wish it wasn't like that.
Becca Bressler: Totally. Can you go back to. I think we looked through team. Did we look through profile under operations as well?
Becca Bressler: This is, let's see, license, clinical info.
Lisa Anderson: You saw this? Yeah.
Becca Bressler: Okay, so your prescriber access is in two places. It seems like it shows in your clinical info and then in your team you can also see.
Lisa Anderson: Yeah, you just go there and like edit team. It just kind of brings you back to that same place.
Becca Bressler: Oh, I see. This just goes back to your profile basically.
Lisa Anderson: Basically, yeah.
Becca Bressler: What do you see under billing with services and products? Client billing, insurance billing.
Lisa Anderson: That's just the insurance stuff. Payers client billing documents which. Yeah, okay, got it. Just kind of like the note stuff. And they do have online payments set up and I don't have the auto pay because I don't, I hate doing the auto pay just because of the deductibles and I feel bad that patients would have to pay like $173 if they were caught off guard by that and it's automatically deducted. So I'm like, I don't do that.
Becca Bressler: Can you talk to me about the onboarding process for E prescribed? I'm sorry if you already said, did you walk through someone at Simple Practice for it or what was the process like?
Lisa Anderson: I'm trying to remember. I mean I think I was just, you know, I requested for the E prescribed access and I had to put in all the information and then I had to pay the fee for. It's like a one time setup fee which was absurd because Practice Vision never charged that. My other system was like $700 just to get the e prescribing system through doctor first.
Becca Bressler: Whoa.
Lisa Anderson: I know. It was horrible. And so I was like, no. But I had already like bought the system and everything. So I just, I was in a rut. I had to like move quickly. So after that they turned me over to like Dr. First and I had to do the two factor authentication with them. Get like a hard pass key or something like that as well and get all set up. And for me it wasn't that bad. But for the physician, she had a lot of difficulties with that. So.
Becca Bressler: Okay. But there was no like white glove. You like met with someone. That's crazy that they charged you that much.
Lisa Anderson: Yeah.
Becca Bressler: Was it pretty. Smooth and seamless. The process of signing up as far as like it was in two, you know, one of the things we're trying to move really quickly on building this, so I'm a little concerned that our like, user experience is not like super seamless. Did it feel pretty easy to do within simple practice? Because one of the things I'm noticing is like you can find information about it in multiple places. So it seems like you can enable it at the practice level, you can enable it at like your own personal level, but you can like edit it under team members. Has that process though, felt pretty intuitive as far as like figuring out where to adjust? No, it hasn't.
Lisa Anderson: It's been a learning curve for sure. It's not. I don't feel like. So I like simple practice in the respect that for the client portal, it's ridiculously easy. Like, that is the best feature about it in patients that do love that a lot. But as far as the actual practice stuff, it's not, it's not easy. It's been a very massive learning curve and with me doing everything right now, it's even more massive for me. So.
Becca Bressler: Yeah. Okay, Lisa, this has been super helpful. I'm going to let you go. But are you interested in onboarding with us for so. Or rather like I can get back in touch with you about this because we're still sorting out like pricing, etc. But I could walk through it with you what the process would be like, what do spot is like. For instance, if you're interested, we can look at that together at some point.
Lisa Anderson: Yeah, I, I would like to know about the pricing and everything and how easy would be and. Because, I mean, I would ultimately really, really like to transfer everything over to you guys, but I also need to make sure that it's going to be cost efficient.
Becca Bressler: Yeah.
Lisa Anderson: So. And I. If I. I can't find it anymore. But as far as like verification and benefits through you guys, you guys charge quite a bit, don't you, for verification of benefits? Yeah, I want to say it was like 95 cents or something per verification for.
Becca Bressler: Are you saying because you saw that like orange triangle next to a patient name or. I'm curious where you.
Lisa Anderson: I'm trying to figure remember where I saw that at, but I was kind of interested in seeing how that would work. But I think it, I think it was like 95 cents per verification. I was like, ouch, that's so.
Becca Bressler: That's like steep. You know, we're still learning, so it's helpful to get this feedback because it sounds like it's free through simple practice. Are you. How much extra are you paying, though, for the billing capability in some practice, or not at all? That's just kind of incorporated in the EHR fee.
Lisa Anderson: So the verification of benefits is incorporated into it. And then for the clinical. Claim submission I get because I'm on the highest tier, I guess you could say I get 35 claims free to submit and then it's 25 cents per claim after.
Lisa Anderson: And so, and I think the most because I've only been billing insurance since about basically since December and so like the last like three months basically. And I think my highest, you know, baseline is 277 and I think my highest has been 313. So for me, for billing for like a one month billing just for that, you know, what is that, 30, 40 bucks, something like that, that's definitely cheaper than 6% to have a billing company do it.
Becca Bressler: Yeah, for sure, for sure.
Lisa Anderson: So I mean for me it's, I, I really, really do like the billing through simple practice. I don't like the prescription stuff at all. And so that's why I'd have to say with you guys, I'd have to make sure that it's, you know, cost efficient. That with the billing and if I move everything over.
Becca Bressler: Yeah.
Lisa Anderson: Am I going to be paying more than what I'm doing by having two separate systems?
Becca Bressler: Talk to me about your. Right. Paying more than having Jot Psych. And so if you wanted to move over to Jot Psych when we got E Prescription though, does it.
Becca Bressler: Would we need to have also the billing functionality for you to want to move your entire system over? It sounds like maybe given. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Lisa Anderson: Is that, is that functional right now?
Becca Bressler: It's actually, it's something we're also building. If you're interested, I can set you up with a conversation with our founder who's talking to people about this, what the billing work that we're doing, if that's. Is that interesting to you because I could then set you up on a call.
Lisa Anderson: Yeah, I mean, I wouldn't mind it at all. I would love to know the more aspects of it, especially the cost aspect, like how much would it be and would it be integrated in and that kind of stuff.
Becca Bressler: So. Yeah, totally. Yeah. Let me talk to the team and if it would make sense just to have like even an informational conversation with you about it, I think it'd be beneficial for them as well. Awesome. Lisa, thank you so much for your help. Always.
Becca Bressler: And I will keep in touch with you about how this is progressing. For sure.
Lisa Anderson: Okay, perfect.
Becca Bressler: Okay, take care. Thank you. Bye.