Christopher Hume: Hey, moses.
Moses Njuguna: Hey, how you doing? Just a minute. Hello.
Christopher Hume: Just moving to the other table. How are you? Happy Monday.
Moses Njuguna: Hello.
Christopher Hume: Hey, Moses, can you hear me?
Moses Njuguna: I can hear you now. Yes. How you doing, chris?
Christopher Hume: Good. Happy Monday.
Moses Njuguna: Happy Monday to you. Love you. Ben.
Christopher Hume: Good. I'm doing very well. We're up in dutchess county. Right now.
Moses Njuguna: You're doing what?
Christopher Hume: We're in dutchess county, new york.
Moses Njuguna: Okay?
Christopher Hume: Yeah. So a little bit closer to you.
Moses Njuguna: Okay?
Christopher Hume: Hi, barbara.
Barbara Njuguna: Hi, how are you?
Christopher Hume: Great. Great to meet you.
Barbara Njuguna: Nice to meet you.
Moses Njuguna: So, chris. I don't know whether you remember, but I've worked with you before.
Christopher Hume: Oh, of course, at Apex.
Moses Njuguna: Yes, at Apex. So that's why I do contract a little bit. But this is our private practice. This is Barbara.
Christopher Hume: Okay.
Moses Njuguna: She's the CEO of this private practice that we have called Serenity. And so I've been telling her about Jack Psych and how it's been working with Apex. Right now we are using Mentalik, but Mentalik is probably made up more for therapists, but it's been working. But we just wanted to see how Job Psych can be used for this practice and. The pros and cons and what you have to offer. And so on and so forth.
Christopher Hume: Absolutely.
Moses Njuguna: Just so you know, I've worked with Chris before.
Barbara Njuguna: Okay, that's great.
Christopher Hume: Yeah. Moses emailed the help desk and little did he know, he's going to get routed back to me anyway. Can't get away from me, Moses.
Moses Njuguna: I wish I knew that. No people inside.
Christopher Hume: Yeah, exactly right. Well, Barbara, so nice to meet you. So my name is Chris. I do with jot Psych. I do a lot of our customer support and customer success. I meet with people, I tell them about, say help them see whether or not could be a good fit. And then if and when you decide to use this, I'll be the person who kind of makes sure it's a great experience. I think what would be really helpful for me would be Barbara and Moses, if you could maybe tell me what you're currently using at your practice. What you're interested in, job site to support you with. And then I can either walk you through a presentation, I can walk you through a demo, sort of tail it around your needs, and you can see. Oh, looks like jobstack might help.
Christopher Hume: Or, oh, maybe Jotzex. Not the best fit here. That would be helpful if you could tell me kind of what aspects of jobsec you're hoping to use. And you use metallic. But if you could tell me a little bit more about your EHR billing, that'd be quite helpful.
Barbara Njuguna: Yeah. So we use Iconotr. We initially had the noaa. I cannot spell where to go back just because of billing purposes. It was better for our builder to use the older. Which is fine. So we have an integrated mentality into our icon. We should have been perfect, but it's okay. So right now we kind of, like, just do copy and paste for what we feel like we need to add on to whatever we don't have. Whatever is missing from the note, it's been pretty good. It helps with just kind of, like, creating a summary. Helping out with diagnosis and stuff like that, if we don't have that already. But what Moses was telling me about, just like. It's just that. It just helps. It does. Like an internal audit. Which is awesome. He used me as a dummy patient and to kind of see what that looks like. And I was like, okay. I mean, it doesn't hurt. I would love to maybe do a little trial just to see how that compares with mentality, but anything that makes our work efficient, I'm all for it. And I also just wanted to know if Jose can be easily integrable to our ehr. And if not, it's not like, you know, we're missing out anything. That's fine.
Christopher Hume: That's really helpful, Barbara. I guess maybe not my last question. I won't say that yet. But another question I have for you is how do you. Do you currently have an in house biller? Or how do you do your billing?
Barbara Njuguna: So we recently maybe three months now, moses. I think 33 months. We have an in house biller. We had someone obviously is actually doing it and we needed an in house biller. So that's who we're using right now and it's going well.
Christopher Hume: Okay? Wonderful. And how many providers are on staff.
Barbara Njuguna: At the moment, it's just the two of us. We do have a third one, but maybe I would even say PRN or like she had here. So really, we'll be looking for the two of us. And then we also teach NAS practitioner students for like clinical. Wonderful clinical. So it could be beneficial for them to have access to our ehr. Sometimes when they get to that stage that we feel like they're getting ready, but for us, it's just the two of us right now.
Christopher Hume: Okay. And then. And I'm sorry, you're using I can notes as your scribe. And who. Which ehr do you use?
Barbara Njuguna: Insurance. You said sorry, Ehr is I cannot.
Moses Njuguna: And then we know.
Christopher Hume: Oh, that's right. I can notice that ehr mentality. It's a Monday, my brain's taking a second.
Moses Njuguna: Metallic is the AI scribe. And so we're still going to stay with the ehr, which is iconot, but we're just going to see if we have JAT psych from. Even at Apex, we have Dr. Chrono as a hr. But still using Jack, like copy pasting notes and stuff.
Christopher Hume: So that is super helpful. So let me. I'll quickly walk you through a little presentation we have on jot Psych. And then what I can do is just a really quick demo that shows how Jobs like works. And Barbara, this kind of seems of interest to you. We can set you and Moses. I know you already have an account, but if you'd like an account for this job that where the notes are separate, we can set you guys up with a free trial.
Moses Njuguna: Yeah, that'll be the most important thing. It's best to keep it separate.
Christopher Hume: Yeah, yeah. I want to avoid anything down the line, right? Jumping the gun here starts to show the presentation. So barbara moses. We view jazz psych is that we're there to make sure that one, you have the best note possible, and you're able to provide the best care, but also you're able to maximize the revenue from your behavioral health notes that you don't have to worry about audits you don't have to worry about downcoding, etc. So when AI scribe, or at this point, quite a bit more than that, we do the audits. We can support billing if you need that. Although I know you have an in house biller, you can use this for eprescription, you can use it for scheduling. And the whole point of our company is to really take that stress and that burden off of you about your notes, allow you to focus on providing care, not worrying about if there's going to be a claw back in six months. Moses. This will look very familiar to you and Barbara. I'm sure. Metallic isn't too different, but Jack's really straightforward. This is what the recording screen looks like. We should be able to get you set up. You can hold me to this? In three minutes or less today. And something that I do like to highlight that's a little different from some of the scratch out there is that you can record. You can include multiple recordings with an encounter. So if you record a session with the patient, You press stop and the patient leaves and you have another recording. That's your clinical assessment that will all be integrated into OneNote. Let me pause for a second here. Barbara Moses, do you have any questions about what the general features of jobsite.
Barbara Njuguna: Not really. Not really right now?
Christopher Hume: Another thing that really sets Jotsneck apart and aligns us at this goal of making sure that you don't have to worry about notes, you don't have to worry about audits. Is that we auto connect to payer rules. We have a whole repository of standard public rules loaded into JOT psych that impacts how the note is generated or how the note is audited. The goal is that from the beginning, you're making sure that you're meeting all those payer requirements. Then job text transparent and up to date and telling you why it's formatting a note in a circ. Le. And this may not be too much of a worry for you guys now as just CMF2, but as your team in a future potentially grows, dots does provide an overview of everyone's compliance. And any risks associated with their notes, but allow you to see even before you submit to Billing. Oh, my gosh. It looks like Chris might be forgetting to ask this question frequently. I need to talk with. Get that corrected. Just like you can also do lab orders, send forms, so a PhQ9 Gad7. You can generate documents and even request payment. Let me pause for a moment here again. Barbara Moses. Any questions from your end?
Barbara Njuguna: So far, no.
Christopher Hume: That's either a good thing or a bad thing, right? Either I'm so confusing that there's no questions, or no, you're good.
Barbara Njuguna: Just because we have a little familiarity with the other one
Moses Njuguna: we can add into our intake paperwork.
Christopher Hume: Yeah, absolutely.
Moses Njuguna: We have a.
Barbara Njuguna: Yes.
Christopher Hume: Yep. Sorry. Am I coming through all right?
Barbara Njuguna: Yes.
Christopher Hume: Okay? Moses? I'm not sure.
Barbara Njuguna: Yes.
Christopher Hume: Moses, can you hear me?
Barbara Njuguna: Thank you. Frozen.
Barbara Njuguna: We can hear you.
Christopher Hume: Moses, can you hear me?
Moses Njuguna: I can hear you. Yes.
Christopher Hume: Okay, wonderful. We do have a consent forum, so I'll send that to you after this call.
Moses Njuguna: Awesome. Thanks.
Christopher Hume: Welcome. Then we don't need to go through. Yeah, we have some testimonies and case studies. We've done well at this point, over 2.2 million notes. People are seeing, obviously huge time savings, but this is something I'm very. I'm sure you're very familiar with, Mentalik.
Christopher Hume: And then we have a litany of pilot options. For a clinic of your size. I can set you up on the free pilot. And then you can always sign up for the month to month contract. It's only for the base. For base shots like it's $150 a month per person. So. And there's no long term contract.
Moses Njuguna: So the trial period is two weeks. And then from there's 150 per person.
Christopher Hume: 150 per person? That's correct.
Moses Njuguna: Okay?
Barbara Njuguna: With some of the AI, you know, just like, looking at other clinician chat groups that I'm in, One of the issues is they still have to go back and, like, correct a lot, because AI is like, maybe mixing up stuff when you have more than one person in the appointment, because sometimes we have, like, groups maybe. A parent and a child or a couple of whatever. So sometimes you still have to go back and clean up a lot. You know, I just wonder how that is with.
Christopher Hume: You can change that. So you tell it. Hey, I want you to do always use this format and always focus on these topics, so you should be able to control that. If you're going to have a lot of sessions with multiple people in the room, we'll adjust your settings. So it's tracking names, and that often helps, of course. There are just technological limits right now. So if the parent and the daughter come in. And the parent is always talking about the daughter and Johnson can see their names. It's going to do a great job. But if the parent is kind of rambling, they're talking a lot about their childhood, then they talk about their kids childhood. There are. There will occasionally be some issues there. But that's kind of the general state of play in AI Scribes. Any other question.
Barbara Njuguna: I think I would go there.
Christopher Hume: Then what would be the most helpful? Would you like me to walk through a demo? Would you like me to walk you through signing up for your accounts? I know, Moses, you have quite a bit of experience with jot Psych, so I want to make sure we do kind of make the best use of this time.
Barbara Njuguna: Maybe.
Moses Njuguna: Let me ask Barbara how much time she has because she had to take some time out.
Barbara Njuguna: Yeah, I only have a 15 minute break, unfortunately, because I'm still at work. But if Moses, I mean, you're okay with signing up or like, whatever, you could help me to set that up. Or he has my information if he has to set that up.
Moses Njuguna: Too because we will use her email as a login. We have an email specific for the job. And my email is, you know, my login for this job. And then Today is the 9th. You want us to test, right? Up to the 23rd or.
Christopher Hume: I'll give you. Yep. We'll test it to the 23rd.
Moses Njuguna: Give us up to the 27th. Chris, you can do us a good job. And then if we are to come on, we'll come on now, officially from, like, April the first, okay? And then we started on very well. And then that will help us if we need to finish off a few things from Mentalik. We still have time that way. We are not having to pay twice. To mental and to job site. So, Chris, you can hook us up? Man.
Christopher Hume: I'll have to check with my team, but we'll see what we can do there.
Moses Njuguna: We'll see.
Moses Njuguna: Let's check with your team and put in a good word for us.
Christopher Hume: Moses, I will always put in a good word for you. Next time, you have to come to me first. You don't need to go through the.
Moses Njuguna: I didn't know that. Everything runs through you.
Christopher Hume: So I did have one question. Oh. So the. The one requirement we do have for extending out the trial is I would love to just touch base with both of you, maybe next Monday at the same time, just to make sure things are going well. If there's any adjustments required, I can help you with that.
Barbara Njuguna: We can.
Christopher Hume: Customize your templates. I just want to make sure it's a really good experience.
Barbara Njuguna: Okay. Okay. So on Mondays, what time do you get off on Mondays that we have to do it before five.
Moses Njuguna: We.
Christopher Hume: We can touch.
Moses Njuguna: Like, on Wednesday might be better. We'll be more flexible, I think. We can do it early in the morning.
Christopher Hume: Yeah.
Christopher Hume: Could we do maybe? What is happening here, but we do maybe.
Christopher Hume: I'm going to. To North Dakota.
Barbara Njuguna: My. My calendar on Wednesday just to see what I have. On that week.
Christopher Hume: Free from 9 until noon next Wednesday.
Barbara Njuguna: My calendar is a bit slow. Let me just open it up and see.
Christopher Hume: Moses, are you there?
Barbara Njuguna: Can you see my calendar?
Moses Njuguna: I'm also trying to. Actually locked me out.
Barbara Njuguna: Oh, okay, let me see. Okay, maybe just a couple more minutes.
Christopher Hume: Let me see. No rush. Where in Jersey is is your clinic based?
Barbara Njuguna: South plainfield.
Christopher Hume: Okay?
Barbara Njuguna: Yeah. Where are you? Are you in jersey?
Christopher Hume: I am based in D.C.
Moses Njuguna: so let me see. Wednesday the 18th. Yeah, yeah, we can. We can get time. We can get time. I can log in. I'll be away, but we can log in. I think we can. What?
Barbara Njuguna: You said morning. I was morning hours. You're free. I'm not quite like our schedule.
Moses Njuguna: Can we do 8 o'clock? No, you said 9.
Christopher Hume: We do eight? We can do eight if that works.
Barbara Njuguna: Oh, you know what? That. That's okay. The kids won't be here. Yeah, we can do eight.
Christopher Hume: Perfect.
Barbara Njuguna: Yeah.
Moses Njuguna: Like an eight or nine for. Yeah. Yeah, 88 is better, I think.
Barbara Njuguna: Let's do eight, because after that, our. Our schedules don't align. Well.
Christopher Hume: So just, like, check in. Sending you the link right now.
Barbara Njuguna: Okay. So I put it in the calendar. So, Moses, 8:00. You've been at different time zone, so you just.
Moses Njuguna: I'm blocking it so I can be available.
Christopher Hume: And then Moses Barber, when you create your accounts, Moses, your new account, and Barbara, your account. If you could just send me an email, and I'll make sure you get added to the same group.
Barbara Njuguna: Okay? Sounds good.
Moses Njuguna: What? What does that mean, to be at the same group?
Christopher Hume: That just means you can share templates. You don't have to share patients, but you can share patients. If you decide to proceed with Jotsyc, you can pay together. It's just to make sure you're combined.
Barbara Njuguna: Yeah, that's fine.
Moses Njuguna: But.
Barbara Njuguna: But.
Moses Njuguna: But not sharing patient. Because I was reading somewhere that it's better for liability. I mean, I don't. I mean, Barbara is a competent clinician.
Christopher Hume: It's up to you, Moses. It's a setting. You can turn it on or off, okay?
Barbara Njuguna: No problem. Sure. Okay. Block availability. Okay, sounds good. So I've put it for eight. Eight o'clock on the 18th. Sounds good.
Christopher Hume: Perfect.
Moses Njuguna: So now, Chris, just before you go, so once we go to JAT site right now, if I could share, let me see if I can share my screen.
Barbara Njuguna: Unfortunately, I have to leave you all.
Christopher Hume: No. Worries. It was great to meet you. Yep. Start your trial.
Moses Njuguna: Okay, that's it. Log in with the email.
Christopher Hume: The work email.
Moses Njuguna: Okay.
Christopher Hume: Wonderful.
Moses Njuguna: Yeah.
Christopher Hume: Well, thank you, Moses.
Christopher Hume: Is there anything else I can help you with?
Moses Njuguna: No, thank you. You know, you know, if I find a good product, I will always talk nice about it. Has been good. And, you know, say there, let's say whether we can use it here.
Christopher Hume: Yeah, absolutely. So I will follow up over email just to make sure you're all squared away and I look forward to chatting next week.
Moses Njuguna: Appreciate it, Chris.
Christopher Hume: Awesome. Thank you, Moses.
Moses Njuguna: Thanks a lot.
Christopher Hume: Bye.