Becca Bressler: Hey, how's it going?
Adam Harrison: Good. How are you?
Becca Bressler: I am good. Let me know if, like, Chris sounds really loud in the background, and I'll find another location. It's a classic PC.
Adam Harrison: Seems totally fine.
Becca Bressler: Oh, my God. I just watched that super bowl ad. So funny.
Adam Harrison: So funny.
Becca Bressler: I am obsessed.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, they have a bunch of them.
Becca Bressler: Oh, my God. Yeah. I need to go fishing. I need to go look. I need to watch them all. It's so amazing.
Adam Harrison: Yeah. People are mixed about if it's a good ad or a bad ad. I think clearly people are talking about it. So interesting.
Becca Bressler: I got to read. I got to read with the. I think the acting, like, the way the guy nailed the ChatGPT's voice, which.
Adam Harrison: I don't know.
Becca Bressler: It's just the first time you hear his voice, you're like, oh, my God. That is exactly the sound.
Adam Harrison: Yeah. I think they did a nice job with it, but. Yeah. How's your time in D.C. going?
Becca Bressler: It's okay. I might. I'm going to head back a little bit earlier than initially planned. Just nice to get home. But Nate had people over for dinner last night, which fun. And Sindhu's here, so I got to see her, which was fun. Yeah. Okay. So I would love to, like, pick your brain about the PR stuff you've done so far. Whatever process you have. Context, if you. Or contacts. If there are, like, contacts. You have kind of anything and everything you've, like, learned from it. Just because I'm going to be starting to do it for new feature rollouts and have never done it before, so.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, I would love that.
Becca Bressler: And then happy to, like, look at whatever you want, website wise.
Adam Harrison: Yeah. So no, like, contacts, really? I think the main things here. Well, I guess what's the context on what Nate wants you to do?
Becca Bressler: So he basically. Is thinking for every rollout, whether it's, like, a big feature, a small add on, he wants to do a press release because. For, like, SEO and, like, a version of it. And I think probably. Yeah. And I think it's just kind of like what Adam has done. Like, I want you to, like, own for these next few feature releases. I don't know if, like, you guys talked about that. I. And I'm happy to do it because I assume you just have, like, a lot going on your plate anyways. But I think because my main task over the next couple weeks is, like, coming up with, like, a rollout strategy for these new features kind of end to end. So. Yeah, that's, like, the context I have. Yeah.
Adam Harrison: And then I'm gonna. I'm just creating an account for you. What's the phone number I should put for you?
Becca Bressler: Yeah. 925-451-0337.
Adam Harrison: You are not in Pakistan, so I don't know why that's the default.
Becca Bressler: I wonder what their, like, country code is.
Adam Harrison: So. Sorry, sorry. I lost it because I had to have the wrong thing.
Becca Bressler: Oh, yeah. So it's 925451 0337. Turns out the Pakistan's code is plus 92, so that's probably why.
Adam Harrison: Okay, so you should. There we go. So you should have just gotten an invite to this PR newswire thing. Well, I'll just walk you through kind of what my process looks like. So basically, I would say a press release. There's, like, two things that we do. One is we do, like, an official press release through this platform. And then the other thing that we do is just like, a blog post on wix. You know, I think both help for SEO in different ways. Actually, I think the blog is probably, like, equally important, and it's. So I would definitely, definitely make sure to do both. And this is what the platform looks like.
Adam Harrison: My screen not sharing.
Becca Bressler: I'm not seeing it yet. AI.
Adam Harrison: There we go.
Becca Bressler: During a session.
Adam Harrison: Okay, so it's this, like, PR newswire platform. Basically, what you'll do is you'll come into here and create a new press release.
Becca Bressler: Okay.
Adam Harrison: You don't want to create with AI, though.
Becca Bressler: Anxious dealing with these symptoms.
Adam Harrison: Let's just say new order, stream of consciousness, language, distribute a new release. You know, you'll just put in like jot Psych. You know, you can just upload like a word doc of what the press release is. If you want to add images, you know, you'd have to pick how those would show up. I think I did like top gallery. The images I personally don't think are as useful, but having like one or maybe two can be helpful because you pay for every image.
Becca Bressler: Okay.
Adam Harrison: The other thing is you pay for like word count.
Becca Bressler: Okay.
Adam Harrison: So it's just important to like, be deliberate with like what you're putting in there and not just include like AI slop for the sake of having it in there.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, I would try to like kind of tailor it a bit and. Yeah, then you kind of just like decide when you want to submit it. I'll go to like one of my existing ones. I think that's the same one. Yeah, you just pick the like, standard release in terms of like what JSEC is, You know, it's. When you get there, I can like help you, but it's. It's pretty straightforward.
Becca Bressler: Okay.
Adam Harrison: And then they'll just kind of like, there'll be a review stage where you can actually have them, like call you if you want or you can just like review how it comes out. And yeah, you can probably just review kind of like past ones.
Becca Bressler: Okay. Yeah.
Adam Harrison: Kind of like format looks like. So there's things like you want to include like this little thing at the bottom with like our contact and stuff like that. So I would say just try to follow the format of like prior ones in general, just for consistency, like having Washington on the top and the date and, you know, whatever.
Becca Bressler: Okay.
Adam Harrison: Oh, sorry, I wasn't sharing my screen. So yeah, like, here's, here's what I'm talking about. So having Washington at the top. At the bottom here, having this little like, about section.
Becca Bressler: Okay.
Adam Harrison: You know, whatever. So just have a look at like the prior ones, make sure it's kind of aligned. And then the other thing I do is I post it on wix. Have you used our wix?
Becca Bressler: Not at all. Yeah.
Adam Harrison: Okay, Let me.
Becca Bressler: Before I forget though, Adam, so I don't think that my email is set up yet to get Becca at jot Psychological. Do you mind just adding B wrestler at Jotsych my spam for a second? But yeah, I didn't get it.
Adam Harrison: Okay, no worries.
Becca Bressler: Just didn't want to forget.
Adam Harrison: No, good point. Contacts. All right, I'm just going to add a new one. Sorry, what was the phone number again?
Becca Bressler: 925451 0337.
Adam Harrison: Okay. And Bieberessler, right?
Becca Bressler: Yeah. Bieber Essler.
Adam Harrison: Okay.
Becca Bressler: Okay.
Adam Harrison: All right, I'll try that again. So you should get that. And now I will go through wix, which is the other place we post stuff, so I'll share my screen there. WIX is like, pretty straightforward. Eventually we will not be using wix, but for now we will.
Adam Harrison: Okay, so we have these, like, sites here. Invite you.
Becca Bressler: Okay. Okay.
Adam Harrison: Okay. I might need to, like, later. How to.
Becca Bressler: No worries.
Adam Harrison: But the way you do it is you go to again, blog here, overview. This is what we posted last time.
Becca Bressler: So kind of like look at it as we.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, but I'll just like, show you what this looks like. You know, basically it's straightforward. You just kind of like paste the same thing in here. I would do like, more visuals.
Becca Bressler: Okay, that's helpful.
Adam Harrison: It can be helpful to actually for each of these visuals, ideally, I think there's a way to like, label them for, as I was saying, SEO. Yeah, there's some like, SEO best practices here in terms of like, writing descriptions for each of the images, which I don't think we did for this one, but. Yeah, so I think. You know, maybe we should put like job audit dashboard
Becca Bressler: here and then you can actually add your.
Adam Harrison: And we could like publish this when it's ready. Yeah, you basically just here, you can publish it. You can schedule. You know, usually what I'll do is I'll schedule this for like the date when you want it to go live. So this was like a week or two ago? Yeah, that's pretty much it. And I just pretty much try to time and then you're kind of off to the races.
Becca Bressler: The PR newswire stuff, does that take care of like getting it on Yahoo? Like it ends up getting picked so there's nothing for us to do there. Got it.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, that's like the platform to get it everywhere.
Becca Bressler: Oh, amazing. Way simpler than I thought it was gonna be.
Becca Bressler: That's why I was like, do you have contacts at Yahoo?
Adam Harrison: It's pretty easy, so it doesn't take too much time. It's like fairly straightforward.
Becca Bressler: Cool, Perfect.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, you just will need to like kind of like sometimes it'll come back and then it like looks kind of weird or you like forgot to add the right footer or the contact email is missing. Like there's just certain ways the press release has to be structured that as long as you follow like you old format, you should be fine.
Becca Bressler: Cool. I could probably even just like duplicate and change the content if that's.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, exactly, exactly. So as long as you keep the same format, you should be in good shape.
Becca Bressler: Great. Cool. Do you want to chat about the website or is that something.
Adam Harrison: Oh yeah, yeah, let's. Let me just pull up where we are now.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, so I'm kind of just two things I want to get your input on.
Becca Bressler: Okay.
Adam Harrison: Can you see notion?
Becca Bressler: Yes.
Adam Harrison: Okay, cool. So we are in like a pretty good spot on the home page as you've probably seen. We're doing like a similar version of that but targeting like groups. So that's also coming along. Pricing I think we chatted a little bit about, but I am trying to show like the end state for pricing here as opposed to like the you know, kind of intermediate state where we are now. So, you know, I know we have kind of like the basic or the like limited basic and then everything that I think is all fine, then we have these like bundles and I just wanted to like maybe stare at these with you for like three minutes. We can obviously change it, but to the extent there's like. Sorry. Yeah, to the extent this looks like ranked you versus not that would be helpful I guess as just an initial calibration.
Becca Bressler: Yeah. And specifically around price. That's the main question.
Adam Harrison: Not really on pricing, more just like are these the right like five bundles that we're going to offer?
Adam Harrison: Like I don't know if this is automatic now.
Becca Bressler: Yeah, we're not charging for template use right now for like we don't have the pairware note anymore as a separate note. But we have pairware templates that people can use to generate notes. But those are not being metered. Anyone can use those templates right now.
Adam Harrison: And I don't think there's a category just like. Do we just get rid of this?
Becca Bressler: Yeah, because this is not jaw audit. Right. Like it would need to be tweaked to be.
Adam Harrison: I think this is jaw audit.
Becca Bressler: Right, the bill assist. Yeah. So then I would get rid of that category.
Adam Harrison: Okay, cool. Okay, so we have ehr.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, these three. Three things plus.
Becca Bressler: Yes.
Becca Bressler: And what about RX jawrx? I'm actually working on pricing for it right now. I'm like doing a little research so I don't have a price for that. But I think things to highlight is like integration. I don't know how what the best marketing language for this is but like two way door. So information and jot psych and your and the prescription platform are synced. Information is synced between the two. So yeah, that's maybe the. The thing I would highlight.
Adam Harrison: Okay. Do you think it will fit within EHR Essential Essentials?
Becca Bressler: I think it's going to start as a separate add on.
Adam Harrison: Okay, what about. Okay, this may be starting separately.
Becca Bressler: Yeah, I would say the chrome extension is already. Is also starting separately but I definitely think there is like a. Yeah, I don't think there would be a need for it to be in HR essentials because if you have it other ehr, you don't need the Chrome extension.
Adam Harrison: Yeah. Okay.
Becca Bressler: So in the chrome extension we're going to charge $10 a month for.
Adam Harrison: Okay. So that will be like a totally separate.
Becca Bressler: Thing that'll be its own add on. Yeah.
Adam Harrison: Okay. Okay. Jaw directs maybe going to be separate.
Becca Bressler: Yeah, great.
Adam Harrison: This is helpful. This is like audit basically.
Becca Bressler: Yeah. My only question there is does claim submission with documentation already aligned, like imply jot bill and is that actually a separate service and not a part of this add on?
Adam Harrison: I think this will be like the self serve version of it.
Becca Bressler: Okay, got it. Which is going to be a part of this add on or bundle. Okay.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, I think you could break these out, but I mean, you know, it's kind of like at some point we need to limit the number of packages we offer, but.
Becca Bressler: Oh yeah, I don't disagree.
Adam Harrison: Okay. Yeah. Right now this is, this will be, this will be ready, so eligibility checks. Okay. Coaching this jock coach, I'm like just kind of assuming this will eventually come here.
Becca Bressler: Yeah, it will.
Adam Harrison: Okay. Security and then that's it. Right? That's like anything I'm missing here.
Becca Bressler: No security data that pricing is not correct. Just. I mean I think you're probably do a pass on all of this, but the, the one that the initial one is like maybe $29 a seat or something like that, which is I think kind of insane. But.
Adam Harrison: Okay.
Becca Bressler: But yeah, other than that I don't think you're missing anything.
Adam Harrison: Okay. Services, we're going to have full service billing and then that's just going to be. We're not going to show pricing for that faq, blah, blah, blah. Okay, so I think this is like broadly right though.
Becca Bressler: Yeah, definitely.
Adam Harrison: Okay, great. So my next question is probably the harder one is I want to have like a features page that just, you know, pricing is a little bit more like here's are the different modules and like pay for each of them. The features page is a little bit more like here I wrote a little like thing on the side here. It's more of like understanding the breadth of what the product is and isn't. And it's just like a bit more detail in terms of like just understanding categorically like what are the different things jot Psych does underneath that. So this is like the biggest area where I'm kind of like unsure of how we want to think about information hierarchy and like talk about things. But the main idea here is just for like it's not a pricing page. Page. It's just meant to show, like, these are, like, the three major areas that job psych helps you as a clinician. And this is like, what we have under each of them. And then you could, like, probably click into these subcategories and then we'll eventually have, like, more detailed pages on, like, oh, how does the document generator work? Oh, what is like, you know, jot audit, you know, in more detail. But this is meant to just be sort of like more from a information hierarchy standpoint, like, what are the big blocks in the product and how does it help you and then linking deeper into the website to understand more. So, yeah, I know that there's, like, a lot here in terms of content to build out, and I feel like outside of some of the help center, you know, articles or like, emails that we've done, I don't know that there's like a ton on each of these different things, like pairware notes. I don't know if that's even.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, I would get rid of it anymore, but we still do it. Right. So it is still kind of relevant. So anyway, yeah, I'm just curious, you know, is this the right way to think about the different categories again? It's, like, kind of separate than the packages we're offering from billing. I want to, like, kind of take it up a layer of abstraction and then two, like, are these the right kind of, like, things in here? It needs to sort of be updated. But I just. I'm trying to kind of like, figure out what to do for this page because it's sort of a blank slate right now.
Becca Bressler: Do you know of any, like, have you looked at any other websites as, like, what feature pages kind of generally look like? I don't have. I can. I can look over this and see if, like, the categories look right, If. Is that part of your question too, or. They're not so much.
Adam Harrison: It's. Yeah, I cut. You know, I definitely am, like, looking at competitors, but also I sort of want to just think about how we think about ourselves internally, too. And that's. That's more like my question, I guess.
Becca Bressler: Got it. And is the question, like, about what I think, like, from a visual standpoint or before we
Adam Harrison: get to visual, just, like, what are the different parts of the product like? To me, it seems like I'll give you, like, my pitch and why I kind of chose this. To me, it seems like we do things around documentation. So that's the scribe that's editing your note. That's probably, like, maybe it's a payer aware note maybe Payer aware notes go in here though. Flexible templates that. That you can choose from. You know, we also will generate labs or custom docs and like we could talk about specific examples here, but any kind of like clinical document that you would need, we help you with that. The second area was sort of like getting paid for things. So we help suggest the right codes like in the session. Eventually maybe we'll have a little like kind of coaching tool that'll tell you like hey, don't forget to ask about you know, past medication dosage or you know, whatever. You know. We're going to have jot audit which like helps make sure that you're, when, if you get audited right, your note is going to stand up to things. And we also have a whole system that you can like submit claims through and do prior authorization checks and do eligibility checks and etc. Etc. So this is just like you know, self serve billing basically. And then oh, there's also things to help like manage your practice. So all of the more administrative things that are kind of more ehr, like which are like scheduling things, doing forms and screeners. Again this sort of overlaps a little bit with this, a little bit like patient billing. This probably goes up in this category, right? This is insurance. This is like self pay, You know, having like that patient overview page that shows all their medications, their last encounter summary. So yeah, yeah, I don't know that this doesn't feel quite right to me. So I don't know, maybe there's like a better way to like think about it, like breaking it up.
Becca Bressler: I mean like if you were going to stick with these categories, I think there's stuff to move out of documentation and into practice management. Like I would put labs there, I would put document generator there probably because I think a lot of people think about documentation as just their clinical notes versus FMLA paperwork, which I. But I don't, I don't know that I. That's true, but that's kind of my gut reaction is I would keep forms and screeners and those kinds of things with practice management. I think that I'm just kind of talking out loud for a second. So this isn't like a strong perspective but just to like spitball. Well, tell me why you think this isn't right. Because on the one hand I, I think I see documentation as like a different level about abstraction, as like billing and compliance and practice management and growth sort of. But, but not. But also kind of like our core offering for. For a lot of people that come to us. So it's an important thing to highlight. But yeah. I'm curious why you don't think this is right.
Adam Harrison: No, it's a good question. I think, I definitely think we need something that's kind of just talking about the scribe. So that's why this is here. Maybe we can move some of the things like I think your, your point is these are like not really about the scribe.
Adam Harrison: So maybe those kind of moves into here. Maybe this also moves there. Right. So this is really just like the scribe and the clinical encounter.
Becca Bressler: Yeah.
Adam Harrison: So this is like when you're with your patients, this is like insurance and this is like everything else.
Becca Bressler: Yeah.
Adam Harrison: Maybe that's another way to. I kind of like. Yeah, I kind of like that a little better.
Becca Bressler: Yeah.
Adam Harrison: Because I think there were things in here like you said, labs, document generators that it's like. Yes, it is kind of documentation, but it's like paper.
Adam Harrison: But it's almost diluting the like scribe. Yeah. So this, this is like kind of nice. Yeah. So this is like with your patients, this is like getting paid and then this is all your like administrative like.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, it's kind of, you know, this is like. I don't want to say admin work, but it's kind of like that.
Becca Bressler: Yeah, it's interesting because that too feels like a two different things. There's like the scaling, but then there's also the administrative like back office work that's not about billing.
Adam Harrison: Yeah. Now this, I think these two feel good. And now this one feels less good.
Becca Bressler: Billing and compliance, like practice management. Yeah, it's a good point.
Adam Harrison: And like patient overview. I don't know that that really.
Becca Bressler: I don't think that's like a promise necessarily like that we're offering. I think it's a. Yeah, I might lose patient overview.
Adam Harrison: Put it back up top. Sort of fits with your patients. This is sort of like follow ups. Like this is kind of outside the session. I don't know.
Becca Bressler: Yeah, those scheduling is not really patient related. Coaches internal. Right. That's like about your team. Um, okay.
Adam Harrison: Yeah.
Becca Bressler: And it's like.
Adam Harrison: Sorry, go ahead.
Becca Bressler: It's important to have three like that. That I, I can imagine.
Adam Harrison: You could have five, we could have four. But three is always. The nice.
Becca Bressler: Like, it is a nice.
Adam Harrison: It's kind of hard to digest. It's hard for people to digest, like, more than that.
Becca Bressler: Yeah.
Adam Harrison: So I don't know. I think this is all helpful. I can kind of, like, take this back. I already feel a lot better.
Becca Bressler: Cool.
Adam Harrison: Like, what we would do here. Maybe I will do have to jump in a minute or two, but, yeah, I'm curious as far as, like, the content. I guess I can just leverage a lot of things from front or the YouTube videos or Clusos or, like, Jackson's deck from yesterday. Like, it feels like we don't. Is there any more, like, central, like, more producty kind of artifacts that I should look at?
Becca Bressler: I don't think so. Like, if I were in your shoes, I would be going to front first, probably.
Adam Harrison: Okay, cool.
Becca Bressler: I might also, for, like, billing and compliance stuff, if the front stuff doesn't feel like it has a strong enough perspective and I was, like, looking for help with language. I might run grains of pitches from Nate and Jackson through, like, something to see if there's anything that pops in those pitches, because I think they actually speak about the user and these features in a really compelling way. But anyways, that's the only other thought I have.
Adam Harrison: Okay, that's a good suggestion because I feel a little lighter there. Okay. Thank you, Becca.
Becca Bressler: Yeah, no problem. Have a good one.
Adam Harrison: All right. See you later. Bye.