Nathan Peereboom: All right.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Hi, antoine and Dr. Jacob. How are you guys?
Antoine: Hey, brittany.
Michael Yacoub: Hi, nathan. Very good. Thank you.
Nathan Peereboom: Hi.
Michael Yacoub: Wonderful. We're just waiting on David to join, okay? Because he's our IT guy, so I'm going to send him a cookie message.
Antoine: Yeah, I just did, Michael. He should be joining now.
Nathan Peereboom: There he is. All right. Welcome, david.
David Yacoub: Hello?
Nathan Peereboom: Hello? Hello.
David Yacoub: How are you?
Nathan Peereboom: Good, good. How are you?
David Yacoub: Good. Good. It's good to meet you guys. Thank you guys for pushing this meeting back. I appreciate it.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Yeah, not a problem. We're here to try to help you guys out as best we can. So hopefully we can be of some service to y'all.
David Yacoub: That'd be wonderful. So, yeah, we just kind of wanted to learn a little bit about what you guys have to offer and how we kind of go about, you know, integrating that and what it kind of looks like with Doxyme and all of that. And you guys can have a demo to share, something that we can kind of go over.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, totally. Brittany, do you want me to just start out with an introduction? Okay, well, first of all, thank you all for. For scheduling this meeting. My name is Nate. I'm the CEO and co founder of jotsyc. And let me start out by asking, have y'all heard about AI Scribes or AI Scribes kind of in your zeitgeist right now?
David Yacoub: Yeah, we've heard of them, but we haven't actually. You know, we've seen them a little bit in practice, but we haven't actually seen it integrated with, like, doxyme or anything like that. But no, we've, we've, we've heard a little bit of it and we've. Experimented a little bit with it. But not on a large scale like this.
Nathan Peereboom: Understood. Okay, well, you know, just to give you some personal background, so. I grew up in a medical home. My father's a neuro in college as my mom's nurse practitioner. My parents were always doing a ton of documentation. I'm a technologist, and a few years ago, I started this AI company with one of my friends from college. And our goal was with our parents in mind, thinking, how do we completely take away documentation as a burden to them? Now, in the process of doing that, we discovered something sort of interesting, which is that the reason people were buying our software was because they were trying to protect themselves from audits. Our first customers, they all have the same story. They said, hey, I wrote good notes. I submitted them to an insurance company. And the insurance company on the basis of a series of technicalities is clawing back a massive amount of my revenue. Now, the problem is that that doesn't happen until months after the claim has been submitted and months after you've paid your clinicians. So, you know, a lot of the clinics that we were talking to, they were, you know, they've been actually almost bankrupt by, by some of these audience. And when we thought about it, we thought, that's really interesting. You know, the business model of an insurance company is figuring out how to deny and claw back claims. That's how they make profit. It's always the difference between, you know, premiums and the cost of care. So any way that they can deny or delay or claw back capital is, you know, is. Is that's part of the business model. And so we then ask ourselves, okay, what would happen? If we were able to take all the contracts. That insurance companies had given the audit guidance that they'd given. And say, what if we graded every single note by a series of rules that came from them. We wrote the rules to be specifically for the case where the note got audited. And so that's, that's essentially what we did. And that's kind of. I'll let Britney kind of. If you guys want to jump into a demo, we're happy to do that. But the core thing to understand is that we are in AI technology company that is, that is built so that. Behavioral health clinicians don't have to fear audits. That's like the whole. This whole reason we exist. And we've got a bunch of parts of the software that do exactly that. So let me pause there. Any questions about that?
David Yacoub: I mean, not necessarily, but I am kind of just curious to kind of see a little bit more of what you're talking about. You mean by how you guys kind of audit, you know, to make sure or how you can attract them against whatever rules that you guys have created based off the insurance company as. I'm just kind of curious how, you know, all that kind of comes about.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Yeah. So he's probably going to want to see the rules engine on the back end, and they, like you, can customize those rules.
Nathan Peereboom: Totally. Yeah. So. Yeah. So basically, the way it works is when you or your clinicians use jot Psych, you can give us all your documents, and we generate all of these rules. Well, let me ask. Does anyone in this group do chart reviews? Who does chart reviews here?
David Yacoub: I mean, I've. I've tried reviewed Michael's chart, reviewed, we've chart reviewed.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, here's a statistical question. Of all the notes that your facility produces, signs and then is at risk for in an audit. What percentage of those nodes are you personally reading and making sure are compliant, at least in your own understanding?
David Yacoub: Probably not a large amount, I would say.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. I mean, it's impossible.
David Yacoub: Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: Any.
David Yacoub: Exactly.
Nathan Peereboom: Totally impossible. Right. The human brain is not capable at a time perspective or even a neurological detail perspective to to grade every single medical note by, let's just say 200 rules sometimes. I mean, it depends how many pairs you have in here, but oftentimes we're grading every single note by 200 to 400 different rules. Now, each of these rules is binary. A node is either passing or not passing. And so as a facility, you can go in and for any given rule, you can see exactly what the rule is, and you can modify it so you can change this. You can see how your clinicians are changing in compliance over time. You can see a provider breakdown and then you can go chase violations. So, you know, if we find, hey, this note is missing a comprehensive suicidal and homicidal ideation documentation we can actually see, like, okay, what else is going on with that note? What else do we have to pay attention to? Now, that is, you know, that's helpful at an administrator level.
Nathan Peereboom: But the real thing that's exciting is that when you make a note, You're delivered two things. The first is your delivered a full audit. But it's based, and this is the second thing is based on very, very, very specific predictions of what the correct CPT code is. So for this visit, for example, Our AI engine is saying, hey, this is a 992 and three with a 96127. And these are the things that you should definitely fix if you're going to submit that for payment. So I know, for example, that Brittany let me know that sometimes when she is working with clients, the timestamp on a note is off. And what the payer will do is they'll say the timestamp is off. We can deny that. And it's a technicality. Right? They don't actually believe that you didn't see the patient and that your visit was outside of time. But because their contract is written to specify that you need to specify time. They have the legal right. And the profit incentive to deny that claim and to call it back if it's already been paid. So what we're doing here is we're saying, hey, all of that, all of those technical rules, let's actually just look at every single note with them before we sign it. Fix it with AI. And that way you don't have to worry about it being part of your audit risk.
David Yacoub: You kind of go through just to kind of go to that feature there that you're talking about. Fix. With the AI, do you have to fix each and every part of the no. Individually, or is there, like a button that will fix the whole node, or can you fix the whole node? Got it. Can it fix batches? Of notes.
Nathan Peereboom: No, it can't fix batches of notes as a technically, we are an ehr. You don't have to use this as an ehr, but part of the rule with systems of record in the medical space is that you have to have an audit trail. And so what? The way that we protect you is to say, hey, if our software is going to be audited for who touched a note, It's always going to be the clinician. In a court of law, anyone can come up and say, hey, yes, the jot site note was pre written by AI, but everything that was attested to, written or modified in that note had a clinician's hand in it. If you modify them in batch, that just looks horrible in an audit. Like, it's just very.
David Yacoub: I get you.
Nathan Peereboom: So we don't let that happen. But you can see it en masse, so you could say, hey, check this out, all right? So you could go to a clinician. And say, hey, I've noticed that your February 17th note and your January 26th note or your keynotes in January 2016 are not compliant. Before you sign them, please go back and make those changes. The other thing you can do, and sorry, I'll let you jump in here in a sec, David, is you can have attestation requirements. You can say, hey, we as a facility. Don't want any note to be signable unless the PDMP is attested as reviewed. So then you have to click the prescription. Monitoring was verified before you can sign the note. So these are the kinds of things that just protect you. They just make it so that everyone in your facility is rowing in the same direction, following the rules. And every note is completely audit proof.
Joseph: Go ahead. A question regarding what's the underlying AI model that's, that's being used to, to run this?
Nathan Peereboom: So it's a combination of a bunch of things, including a proprietary model. So we, we collected all of the public rules from the ama, the apa, cms, Aetna, Cigna, Optum. And what we've done is we've created a specialized instance of several, like, public models that essentially has all of this very, very unique background.
Joseph: So, the generative AI base, are we talking ChatGPT, cloud or.
Nathan Peereboom: We rotate between them. We're not married to any public model, but we don't use any model that we don't have a BAA with. So these models have special healthcare specific APIs and we only work with public companies that have that.
Joseph: Thank you.
David Yacoub: Now, how does it work with integration with, like, you know, the EHR platform that we're currently using and the patients? Like, is this almost like where we'll be working with two separate platforms and we're dealing with the notes? If, you know, you're not using this as the ehr. Basically.
Nathan Peereboom: Yes. So, a few things here. So to answer your first question, There are two ways to get your notes into your ehr. One is to just copy, so you can, you know, copy all, and you can, you know, copy section by section. We also have a Chrome extension. If you use a browser based ehr, the Chrome extension can just drop the note into your HR. Now, it's true that we strongly encourage you to put your patient data in here, and here's why. When you go to record a note. Oftentimes you select a visit type and then you can select the patient. And two things happen. One, the clinician is delivered a summary at the last visit. So they know, you know, they just have a quick hit on, you know, what's actually going on in this person's life. And 2 when the node is actually generated. That previous context from all the other notes behind Inform the new notes. So now the patient's on Zoloft and we don't talk about Zoloft. It's still got to be the medication history. It has to be. If you miss that, it really, you know, it's another one of those. Compliance things where someone, you know, an insurance company is doing all the cross checking, and they're like, wait, there's a medication history. This is incomplete. Why would we reimburse for that sort of negligence? So we do really, really encourage you.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Can I interrupt for a second? Do you guys have an API connection? Like, do you have API capabilities?
Nathan Peereboom: We can build that if it's, like, critical. We don't suggest it, though, because what we find is that clinicians don't have a problem doing the copy and paste or using the Chrome extension. Anything can be built. I mean, an API is not that challenging. But.
Nathan Peereboom: But we wouldn't do it right off the bat. You wouldn't recommend it right off the bat because of the development cost.
David Yacoub: Okay?
Nathan Peereboom: So let me. Maybe I can turn the questions around a little here. When y'all are looking at AI scribes or when you're looking at tooling. What's important to you? How are you making this decision? What are you curious about? And critically, how would you want to learn more? Because there are a bunch of different directions that we could go. Based on that. You know, some. Some clinics really want to do a pilot program. We love doing pilot programs. Oftentimes with those programs will actually fly out. We'll send product manager and, you know, one of our customer success team members out and we'll actually sit with your clinicians. We'll do like a lunch learn. We'll get everyone on the software, and that way you can just see how it plays out in the clinic space. The other thing that we like to do is we like to do an analytical activity because we know that, you know, an organization your size, reports are important, analytics are important, transparency is critical. And so we always like to take a few notes, run analysis on them, but also just look at all of your billing data and say, hey. Here's where your earning money right now. Here's where money's getting lost or delayed, and here's what we recommend. At a note level based on how you're billing. Because a lot of times we can learn a huge amount of the revenue loss revenue potential of changes in documentation by looking at the billing data. Sorry.
Joseph: I think a big part of it, right, Nathan, is sometimes it. It might not be the. The part of the practice. And what will happen is. Is sometimes when insurance companies go ahead and send their findings during audits, they're very nondescriptive or very poorly poor descriptions, even if the documentation was on point. I think something big that a lot of providers are looking for right now in this sphere has to do with being able to collect these mass amount of data in the event of. Basically having to challenge those findings.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. I mean, Joseph, I couldn't agree more. There's no software out there that can do that, like jot psych that I know of. I mean, of course, technically, other AI scribes could develop like a component of their work that they did that. But, you know, we, we're a billing centric AI scribe, so we do all the analytics. We have a special team. This is why we work with Tidemark, is that, you know, we work with the best billers in the United States to try and have the most realistic and smart way of approaching pairs.
Joseph: What kind of data would we get access to?
Joseph: After running all these nodes through. And what do the kind of, like, reports look like?
Nathan Peereboom: Let me see if I can pull up. I'm trying to think. I don't know if I have anything. Fully anonymized, and I don't. I can't share anything that's not anonymized. But let me see if I can share some screenshots of what this looks like. Okay? Okay, hang tight. View slideshow. Okay? So this is like, you can't see this that well, but this is the example. This is like some of the exampling that we do of, you know, the kind of data that we like to pull out. So. And this is. Joseph, I don't think this is actually answers to your question, to be totally honest. I think what you're asking is what are some of the analytics we can do on the content of the notes? Is that right?
Joseph: Content of the nodes, but, you know, things like member id, date of service, you know, how that connects to the eventual billing of the node and how that's integrated and, and that sort of thing.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. So right now, these analyses, and they're going to be, like, live in product in, like, probably two weeks. But right now, they're totally bespoke, which actually a lot of people really, like, we're working with, like, a clinic down in Florida right now, and the way that we do the analytics for him and his clinic. We literally sit down and we say, hey, what's your dream data and how? And then we pull that and put it into a presentation, and we do that on a regular basis. So within, like, two weeks to three weeks, you'll probably see it in the product. But, you know, for the last month or two. It's actually been fully bespoke, and clinics have really, really likes that.
David Yacoub: Can I kind of switch a little bit? I wanted to ask regarding some of the integrations that you guys have. I'm just curious a little bit on the ehr side. When it comes to billing, do you guys have any sort of integrations there? Like, have you heard of, like, Candid Health, for example, or what do you guys kind of do for your billing?
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, we don't integrate with any billing software because we have our own full billing system. Like a lot of people in job site, they'll just click, sign, note, and then we do all the billing for them. And the reason we do that is because, frankly, we just have a competitive advantage in that, like, we get to write the note. We have all the payer contracts. We have an AI system that is like matching content notes, payer contracts. And so we can do, like, auto appeals really quickly. We can write claims really quickly. So our business model. Our business model is essentially one that's based in people loving the software so much that they decide to trust us with their billing. And so it doesn't make sense for us to integrate with undergoing companies.
Joseph: So we currently have on the panel Nathan. Sorry about that, Brittany.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Yeah, you're good.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. So We've got about 12,000 clinicians on jobsc at some point. We've scribed for around 2.3 million behavioral health encounters. And our current sense hang senses at any given moment is somewhere between two and a half and three and a half thousand. So we're like, sorry to put it just to say we're kind of like a mid size software company. We're not like super tiny. We're not like super tiny startup. We're also not like, oh, epic software where you're going to get, you know, everything takes six months and you know you're getting charged. An arm and a leg were white glove software. That's, like, built just for behavioral health. That's had a very, like, strong Runway in terms of, like, volume and experience and patient and clinician trust.
Joseph: Thank you.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): So I think, you know, when he's saying that the reports are bespoke, I think what he's saying is, you know, if you list out, like, what, what it is that you're needing, like, claim IDs, member IDs, number, number names, dates of birth, all of that stuff can be. Customized into a report. You just have to let them know what it is that you're looking for. And that could even include, you know, the, the timestamp durations, like the durations of the clinical notes, you know, for the AI scribing. You know, it can include the. The exact start and stop times. As well as the duration. So there is that component piece to it.
Nathan Peereboom: I'm also curious. Brittany was telling me that you guys use transcribers. Is that right?
Joseph: Yeah, some clinicians do have prescriber transcribers that sit with them during the visit. Visit and basically service scribes.
Nathan Peereboom: Got it. How do you think about that? Within, like, the scalability of your clinic? Is that something where you're like, hey, we kind of intend to roll out human scribes. Across, you know, every clinician. Is it the kind of thing where. Yeah, but how do you guys think about the evolution of that program?
Joseph: Definitely. I mean, now with the. A lot of the innovation that's, that's happening in the AI space, I think that these things will become less and less right. But then things you have to consider is a couple different variables. You know, not. Not every patient speaks English.
Joseph: You know, there's. There's also the, the fact that some people have very thick, heavy accents. Things might not get transcribed all the way, and we try to take those considerations and accounts, but. I'm fairly certain you know, we're right on that. That edge where eventually there. There will be. The technology will be more than good enough. To cover that space.
Nathan Peereboom: What other. What other questions do you guys have? What other. Would you like me to keep walking through the software like what's helpful to you?
David Yacoub: Yeah, I was kind of curious going back to the EHR a little bit. You know, how much do you guys can a charge for your billing when customers do. Choose to go with you guys. And what do you mean by taking over the billing? Do you guys take over the billing completely? You have your own billing team or, like to our billing tv? So you guys can have your own billing team that uses the software. You don't really necessarily allow us to use this software. You just kind of. You have your own billing team that uses software.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, a few things. So one, you do not have to use our billing product like not. There's no pressure there. We've designed Jotsyc to be totally Ollie. So if you just want to use the scribe, you can just use the scribe. If you want to use something else, we can talk about that. We do offer full service. Building our full service billing. We price right down the center of the fairway with every billing company. So we charge between 4 and 8% depending on the level of like. Sophistication of the billing product that you want. So at the top level, What you get is you get a dedicated billing team. You get reconciliation between. The National Standards for what you bill your particular contract. What actually gets filed as a claim, what gets put in your era and what's in your bank account. So it's like six levels of, like, comprehensiveness. Because what we want to make sure at every single one of those points there's fall off.
Nathan Peereboom: You know your contract is not up to national standard this fall out there. Your claim is not incoherence with your contract. It's all off there. The ERA is approved, but it's not approved for the full amount in the claim. There's fall off there and then there's also fall off.
Nathan Peereboom: When you look actually what's in your bank account versus what was said in the era. So at the highest level, at every single node, we're providing reconciliation so that you know that that waterfall is as non drippy as possible. At a lower level. We'll do, of course, we'll do like, you know, all the basic stuff, claim submission and, you know, eligibility checks. Then we'll do the analysis mostly on things like the appealing of the claims and the ERA level. And then at the lowest level of service fee, you know, we're just writing perfect notes. We're submitting the claim. And we're doing eligibility checks, and you kind of get to choose the level of intensity that you want. But it's priced right down the center of the fairway with the entire industry. We don't do anything interested in price wise. Now, the question of tenure. Billing team use jot Psych as software right now. No, right now. You can't, like, have your billing team going in and using the jots like software to submit claims. That's something that we prefer to keep in house for the moment. If I'm totally honest with you, that's probably not going to stick around for I would say probably in the next quarter we're going to roll out a self service billing system so that groups that have really good going teams like yours are able to use that functionality. For right now you should think about it as, like, an outsourced billing offering.
David Yacoub: Okay. And then talking about billing a little bit. And switching there. How much do you guys kind of charge for this notes and just say we wanted to start off with just the notes. How much do you guys charge for the note side of things and the scribe?
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, so if you just want to start out with notes, it's $99 just for notes. The audit system is another $69. So it's like 168 per clinician if you're. If you're doing auditing. And the AI Scribe. My understanding is that y'all are sort of a large facility, and so we could probably, like, develop some wiggle room on that if it was, like a. No, if that was, like, an impossible number.
David Yacoub: And you said it was. If you could say it again, it was 60 for the auditing system and.
Nathan Peereboom: It's 69 for the auditing system and 99 for the scribe.
David Yacoub: Got it. Okay? So you're saying 169 per provider, and we're talking about, say, two, 200 providers there at scale. I think we definitely want to negotiate a little bit on that for sure. Because I feel like that, you know. I think it's a little bit much.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. Do you mind if I make a recommendation?
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Here?
David Yacoub: Sure. Okay?
Nathan Peereboom: So. We hear this all the time. One of the things that we are huge believers in. Like our strategy as a company from a sales perspective. Is all about just letting people try the software. And so my recommendation to you would be, hey, if you. If this is something that you want to do, I would just try one of our pilot programs. Like probably like the four week pilot program. And here's why. It doesn't scale by person. So it's $499 for every single person in your clinic to have full access to job site. And on top of that, we'll actually come and, like, visit your facility. Like, we'll. As I said, we'll send out a product manager, a customer success team member. We'll order lunch for your whole office. And we'll, like, really hold people's hands as they get to use software. Here's why we do this. None of this matters if your clinicians don't love the software. And none of it matters if, upon using the software, you're not convinced that it's worth what we've priced it as and you find that out really, really soon. I mean. At $168 a month. You know. You know what you pay per hour on average? Folks say that they mirrors produce a case study in every power we say. People tell us that they are saving one and a half of two hours per day. Eighty percent of clinicians are sending their notes are getting significantly better. And the speed of submission decreases by around 60%. So, yes, $168 is, you know, multiplied by the number of clinicians. It's a large dollar amount. But you guys are a very large facility. You have a huge amount of risk if your notes are not written well, there's a massive amount of work and capital lost if your notes are not submitted on time. And the ability to retain and protect the patient, seeing time and utilization of your clinicians. Is worth millions and millions and millions of dollars a year. So all of that is to say that we just want you to measure it. Like, our view is like, hey. Like we have to charge a little bit for the pilot simply because we can't be flying around the country for people who aren't serious. But the real benefit to us. Is just you measuring it yourself and seeing if it makes sense. And then we talk price afterwards. And if you still think, hey, look, this is not worth it, that's totally okay. But that would be my recommendation. My recommendation would be don't take my word for it. Just try it out and see what you think.
David Yacoub: Yeah, I agree. I think that'd be great. I like that. I think if we can do maybe the four weeks I think would sound good. You know, and see if, you know, see from there. How long would it take to kind of get the demo and all of that? And is it just purely a sandbox, or are we going to actually be able to put in. Real info or how does that work?
Nathan Peereboom: We literally will let your entire facility use Jotsite for free. I mean, like, we'll. You. You can have us in an all hands meeting. Everyone goes to the website. We add them to a group, we give them all free access. If you have patient data, we'll do. I'll even throw in a free upload, free data transition, because some people, you know, find that really helpful.
David Yacoub: The data transition.
Nathan Peereboom: I mean, this is the thing. We're data people, and so we would basically just go in your ehr, do a download. Your EHR is not allowed to legally hold your patient data hostage. They're not. So we know how to go in, pull that data out. Upload them to John Sykes. And then the context, the patient list, all that rich, rich data is in jot site. And so when people go into use it, they have this magical experience. It's amazing. People's minds explode. And that's where we want your clinicians to feel. We want them to feel that magic.
David Yacoub: And does it? Does it. Does this also, this trial, does it give access to the whole experience, including the HR. No.
Nathan Peereboom: Everything. Yeah, except two things. Sorry? There's two things that. That we don't. So. Eprescription. If you're going to do a prescription through us, we get metered on that. So we have to meter it. Just like so we don't go bankrupt. And same thing with eligibility checks. Eligibility checks? We work with a bunch of different, very expensive partners, and so we have to do some metering on that. My recommendation would be just don't do those two things like you're not going to change your prescription system, you're not going to change your eligibility thing right now. If you love jobs like those are no brainer features and you can decide to move to our EHR at that point. But I don't think you need that for the pilot, so I would. I wouldn't spend any money on it if I were you.
David Yacoub: Okay. And during this pilot, just to make sure, again, with this transition that you're going to be doing, we'll be able to see the notes, the patients, all that is going to get pulled. Okay?
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah.
David Yacoub: Yeah. Okay. I mean, that sounds. I think that sounds good. To me. That sounds great.
Nathan Peereboom: Steve, you asked about timing. We can kick off. Really, whenever you want. We try not to kick off on weekends. That's the only time that we say no. But. And we don't do Christmas. Christmas and weekends are out, but pretty much any other time we're available. So maybe I can ask you. I mean, is this something that y'all would like to kick off, like, next week or the week after?
David Yacoub: I mean, I think that sounds pretty good. I think we could start on, like, Monday. Or something.
Nathan Peereboom: Hey, great. Let me look at my calendar.
David Yacoub: And probably, I imagine we'll take time to do the transfer and all that, you know, if we do this at a start on Monday, Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: How about this? Why don't we start with the let's. So 1. Let's get the contract signed for the pilot. So let's. We'll do the bill first. Two. Let's set up time to do the data transition. And how does it sound? How does Wednesday sound to kick off the data transition?
David Yacoub: Sure.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, that works. Okay, I'm going to put time on where y'all located.
David Yacoub: Oh, we're kind of basically on the west coast for the most part, so Pacific Standard Time.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, perfect. Why don't we do 5pm then? 5pm My time. In the current time zone.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): That would be 2:00pm theirs.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, 2:00pm years. Does that sound good?
David Yacoub: Yeah, that works.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Okay, great.
Nathan Peereboom: And I just want to make sure we got everything on here. So we'll do that, and then why don't we kick off with all your clinicians on Monday the 16th? And let's maybe say seven. No. Maybe 8pm my time, 5pm yours. Or is that 2 weight? That's probably too late for you. All.
David Yacoub: Right. I think.
Nathan Peereboom: You know what, David? Monday won't work, actually, because if my train runs late, I'm in transit, and I don't want. I want to make sure I'm on this meeting, so I. I don't want to risk that.
David Yacoub: Hey, yeah, no worries.
Nathan Peereboom: What if we do 4:30 our time? 1:30? Years. On Wednesday the 18th, The 18th, you said? Yep. Wednesday the 18th.
David Yacoub: Okay, that works.
Nathan Peereboom: And then, last thing I want to get on the calendar is we would like to come out and see y'all and do a lunch and learn where we bring food and all that. Could we plan that for?
Nathan Peereboom: I think I have.
David Yacoub: One thing I will say about that is a lot of everybody's basically virtual for the most part. So I don't know. I mean, maybe we can. I'll see if we can. Make something work. But I think that might not be the most ideal thing. But if there's a way that I could just kind of stay in touch over email and we can kind of be in a group chat, we can have Michael there and which is all kind of chat about what we kind of do. About that. Perfect.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, great. Do you guys use slack by any chance?
David Yacoub: I have slack so you could invite me to look fine.
Nathan Peereboom: Great. Okay, so Chris, who's also on the line, is going to quarterback a lot of. A lot of. He's kind of head of our, like, super large group initiatives. He's going to quarterback most of this. I'm going to be, like, alongside for most, for all of it. But he's going to. You're going to start getting emails and communications from him. We're going to make a slack channel for you. We're going to kind of note in our heads that, like, we're probably not going to come out in person. We'll probably do it virtually so that it's good for your clinicians. And. And we're going to kick off on the 18th, but do the data transition the week before. So that's perfect. I think we've got a really good cadence set up. And look, we're just really excited. Like, we're super proud of our product. People love it, and it's. It's. A beautiful thing to see, to see it being used and to see it make an impact on the lives of clinicians and administrators and people doing the good work.
David Yacoub: Really excited to try it out. I mean, I think sounds very exciting, and I just. I, like, I'd love to see it out. And I think this thing that you guys offer, this demo is really cool. Good way to experience it, so I appreciate it.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, of course. Chris a raised hand.
Christopher Hume: I just wanted to quickly say hello to everyone. And see. I'm looking forward working together over the next few weeks. And Nate will make sure you have my email address. And I'm sure we'll see you in Slack. But if I can offer any support, please don't hesitate to reach out. We're looking forward to it.
David Yacoub: Appreciate it. Thank you so much, guys. Really appreciate it. Thank you for meeting with us today. Hope you guys have a wonderful weekend.
Nathan Peereboom: Absolutely. Thank you, Brittany.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Yep. You're welcome. Take care.
Nathan Peereboom: Have a great weekend. Bye. Bye, everyone.
David Yacoub: All right, you too.