michelle.lynn: Hey, how are you?
Adam Harrison: I am well. How are you?
michelle.lynn: I'm good.
Adam Harrison: Awesome. How is your week going? Did you get some snow over the weekend?
michelle.lynn: We did. We got snow more than anything, though. We just got some freezing temperatures, but yeah.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, I bet. We got the same. Definitely pretty cold, but also a lot of snow. Yeah, yeah, we got like a footage or so of snow, so.
michelle.lynn: Wow. Yeah, that's what we're supposed to have.
Adam Harrison: I know what's going on here.
michelle.lynn: I don't know. Some of my providers over in Maryland said they got like between 7 and 8 inches, and I was like, what the heck? We literally got, I don't know, maybe an inch in two days and two snowstorms.
Adam Harrison: Well, you still got the cold, which I don't know if you got the better or the worst end of that, but.
michelle.lynn: Right. Well. And I. I'm not a cold person, even though I live in Colorado. So my theory is if it's going to be cold, there better be white stuff on the ground to give it a reason.
Adam Harrison: I agree. I. I like the snow. I think it's fun. So not all the time, but, you know, every now and then it's fun.
michelle.lynn: Right.
Adam Harrison: Awesome. Well, thanks again for making time. We should probably also set up just like a regular touch point so we don't have to, like, schedule each time, if that works for you. So we can maybe come back to that at the end and. Yeah, what I wanted to talk through today is I sort of wanted to, you know, kind of park eligibility for now. I think, you know, I think we sort of went through that in a lot of detail. So what I would love to move on to now is more of like the full service billing side of things. Okay. So for a little context on. On your side, we, you know, have started to kind of like confirm some early, you know, pilots and customers. On our side, we are planning to, you know, I know your model is you will, like, use all of their existing systems and just kind of build within whatever they're using. Be it, you know, therapy notes or simple practice or collab or whatever it is. We will probably be, you know, using our own platform, which is in like, the final stages of kind of development at this point. So what I wanted to kind of like, spend a little time talking through today is, you know, understand your approach. Approach to like, once you have a customer kind of confirmed, what is your process like after you've, like, made the sale? What is your process to actually, like, get up and running and go live? Like, what are the different stages there? I'm sure there's some, like, system access, there's document collection, there's maybe, you know, calibration on coding and. Yeah. So would love to kind of understand the process that, like, we should think about. That's maybe number one. And then number two, I'd love to know a little bit more about how, you know, what kind of timeline that normally looks like and what's like realistic, what's aggressive. And then third is sort of like how you would resource like a new customer in terms of. Do you have. Yeah. What does that team sort of look like? Maybe it's like you're just. Maybe it's like a partial, you know, like partial person doing eligibility, full, you know, full person on billing. It probably depends on the account size, all that stuff. So that is what I'm hoping to kind of go through today with you. And I think we talked about some of this before, so let me just also pull up my last notes here. But any, I guess, questions on. On any of that stuff.
michelle.lynn: So. Okay, let me see. Where would I start here?
michelle.lynn: Yeah, once I. So just for an example, yesterday I had a client reach out to me wanting me to take over their billing. We met, we talked about, you know, how many clients do they have? How often do they want billing to be processed? What does their system look like?
michelle.lynn: Because typically when I take a client over, the first thing I do is run an audit. I want to know kind of what I'm getting into so that I can go back to them and say, okay, this is what we need to work on first. We'll start with, you know, current billing moving forward. And then we'll work on, you know, anything that is denied, rejected, anything like that to, you know, you know, go through and clean that up. So I will, in the same time frame, I will ask them for, you know, what platforms do they have access to. Because a lot of times you'll typically find that a provider maybe doesn't have access to a platform, maybe their biller set it up or, you know, the credentialing department set it up, and they never got access to any of that stuff. So sometimes it's a matter of you just can exchange the usernames, passwords, or they'll go in and set you up, or you have to go and basically. Start the process over getting access to those platforms. In best case scenario, they have everything. They exchange all of that with you. You would go in. So for you guys, if you're going to use your own system, you would then. So depending on how much data you were going to take into your system, obviously there's that transfer of all the client information, notes, all of those things. It depends. Like, I can typically set up a system in a day, you know, getting all the codes entered, all of their information, setting everything up, processed credit cards. I can typically do that in a day. As long as I have a list of the codes, you know, they typically will tell me what their contracted rates are. I don't, I don't usually ask for what their contract is unless we have an issue, you know, where they don't know. I do have providers that are just like, here, take all this and they'll send everything to me. And then I will, you know, as I set it up, I'll go through and look. But a lot of times I already know, you know, as long as I know what their contracted radar rate is, I know typically what those billing codes are. So I can go in and set that stuff up and then obviously transferring the paperwork, setting up the schedules, you know, so their availability on their calendars, once those things are done, then you know, it. Obviously it takes time to set up payers. A lot of times you can't set up a payer if you, and if you don't have a client to tie it to, as far as to set up their EFTs or ACHs to bring in or not ACHs eras to come into the system, you typically have to have a client to tie that to.
michelle.lynn: You can't just go in some systems. You can't just go in and randomly enroll in every era that's out there.
Adam Harrison: Are you talking about if you're doing a credentialing process or this is just like a sort of update to where the eras are sent.
michelle.lynn: So this would be having the eras come into your system to post to the accounts because you know every company is going to be not going to be credentialed with the exact same. So for instance, if you have, if you bring on a client out of Massachusetts, all of the companies that they're credentialed with, you're going to have to set all those payers up in your system. And then you're going to have to enroll in their ERA so that they come in and post into your system if you're going to have it post payments automatically in your system.
Adam Harrison: Okay, so but for you, because you're working out of their system, you wouldn't need to do that step, right?
michelle.lynn: Nope, I do that step.
Adam Harrison: Oh, okay.
michelle.lynn: Yep, I do that step. I set all that up so that it all comes in and posts and, and then we can, you know, when it comes in, then we can go through and check what's been paid, what's been denied, what's rejected, and then we verify with the client that they've received the payment. Because just because they get an ERA in the system doesn't mean they received the payment. So we will set all of that up. So because it does make our lives easier as billers, if we don't have to manually post all of those things, we still have to, we have to go in and check everything to make for sure that it posts. Because, you know, I mean, typically, yes, you should get a rejection or a denial, but depending on the system, if there are two codes billed at in the same day, sometimes they'll bundle that payment under one code. And so you have to go in and, you know, make those adjustments with, in your system.
Adam Harrison: Okay, so, but I'm, I guess I'm confused because, like, wouldn't they usually have this set up already where it's, it's not, not always.
michelle.lynn: I have, I've had many clients that will come to us that will literally be using a system strictly for scheduling only. And then now they've decided, oh, I want a biller and oh, we can do this electronically. I didn't know that. I have one company that I, we have the platform strictly for billing all of her notes. She, she's very, she's an elderly provider. She does not trust electronics. She will not put her notes in an electronic system. So, you know, I mean, there's all different, there's all, everybody's different and what they want. Okay.
Adam Harrison: Interesting.
michelle.lynn: Yeah.
Adam Harrison: Okay. And what's like the total time before from when someone's like, hey, I want to get started to like now you are able, you know, you do your audit. I'm curious to talk more about that too. But like, how long does the full process take to like kind of get, get live, roughly speaking, for maybe let's say it's like. And maybe it depends if it's a solo provider versus like a five person practice.
michelle.lynn: So are you, are you talking in terms of they're already set up in the system.
Adam Harrison: Yeah.
michelle.lynn: Okay, so if they're already set up in a system, all I need is login information. Once they send the invite to me, I can log into the system, I can run an audit and then start working.
michelle.lynn: So I can do it almost immediately.
Adam Harrison: Okay, cool, cool. And then where do you normally run into delays? Is it like if they don't have posting setup or like, what are the most common things you run into as you get under the hood?
michelle.lynn: Typically at the audit stage in the beginning, because then, you know, you have to go through and figure out, like, there have been. I took one over in October and their outstanding balances was over $500,000 because they had never posted a single payment in the system.
michelle.lynn: So that took time. You know, I had to wrangle my entire crew up. And we went through, you know, we talked to the provider. We're like, okay, have you filed your taxes? Where do you want this to go? Do you want this stuff written off? Do you want this stuff, you know, just adjusted to show that you didn't receive payment? Like, you have to tell me what you want done, but I can certainly clean it up. And so then, you know, it took us that time frame to get all of that done. And most of like all the self pay, of course, that they never collected all got written off. And so that we had a starting point when we could start collecting. So it just depends. I had another one that was 200,000. Some of them I'll go into and I literally just run it and say, like, you're good, you're everything looks great. And we just start billing.
Adam Harrison: Okay, got it. And then for like, so the context is we are, we have someone in, in Florida that we want to like, get started with soon. They're sort of a smaller practice of like, maybe we're just going to start out with their psychiatry group. And that's going to be. Call it like five providers roughly in total. And then there's another like psychology department and all that. So for that kind of, you know, and they actually do have like a, you know, they have a front desk, obviously that's doing eligibility checks. They have an office manager, they have a medical records department. They have a billing team of a few folks. I think maybe that billing team will get like redeployed to other areas to work on. But I'm curious, like, for that size of a client, what would be the, like, what would be the resourcing or team that you would need to like, be able to. Like manage that, that client. Like, you know, is it one, is it one biller? Is it half of a biller? Is it, you know, are there, do you need a filler? And then also someone who is more of like a doing like chasing on audits and denials. Like how, you know, how do you kind of think about how I assign everyone.
michelle.lynn: So for, for a staff of five, I would typically assign one biller. That biller would, would do the billing. And then so the, there's several different things that I do. I have one, I would have one person that would do the billing. I have one person that does claim follow up.
michelle.lynn: And the reason that I do that is because when you're in the system and you're doing the billing, if a claim is getting denied, sometimes, you know, depending on the situation, that can be frustrating. It could also be very time consuming that you let those things go before and you're not billing out current stuff. So I would have, and you know, most of the my claim follow up people, I have three of them. They, they cover all of my companies. So they just work, you know, they're broke down into buckets and they'll work the buckets or I'll assign them a company that they'll specifically work. I have one auditor that pulls the audits and then I go through the audit with them. So that there's two eyes on that. We're all catching that. And then anything that would be, you know, denied, rejected, that goes then to the claim follow up team and they look at that. And then if there's something that say it's a situation of the biller's not catching the modifiers or something like that, then we, you know, we go over that, we, you know, have kind of a meeting about what needs to be done, how we need to catch that. Is it a system set up that we need to make for sure that we know, you know, this modifier needs to go on the back end. So it populates on all the claims. So we look at that and then I obviously have a team member who does eligibility.
Adam Harrison: Got it. And so for like a, this like five person clinic, I know it's sort of like these are shared people across all of your accounts. But like, do you think it's. Is it like a full time person or it's more like a half of their time or a quarter of their time?
michelle.lynn: It would probably be like a quarter of their time if you were gonna have one person for it. It would be one full time person to do all of it. You know, for at least, you know, five. And. And the other piece to that, too, is the volume of claims.
Adam Harrison: Right?
michelle.lynn: You know, I mean, if they're depending. If they're psychiatrists and they're doing, you know, say, 30 clients a week apiece, You know, sometimes that could, you know, that can be a lot if you have claim follow up and denials and things like that to do as well.
michelle.lynn: So typically I would say one full person per account, one full time person, and then you can always obviously share that person if there, if, if you need to, somewhere else.
Adam Harrison: Yeah. And is it normally like a different skill set? The person who, like, why do you divide up the. The biller versus the follow up and the. Is it like a different skill set? Is one like harder than the other? Is one sort of like a natural progression? Like you start with billing and then you do follow ups from like a career kind of standpoint because it's more complex, or is it purely just because you don't want to make sure that. You want to make sure that both those things stay on track and so you will. That's why you divide up the labor.
michelle.lynn: So a couple of reasons. So usually when I bring staff on, I start them at claim follow up because that gives them the full circle of how billing works. Like they get to look at the whole back end of it. You know, what belongs on a claim, why it belongs on a claim, what is an authorization, what is the eligibility, you know, all of those things and how it all ties together. You know, sometimes I will have them work a little bit in credentialing too, just because then they understand how credentialing ties with the billing and why it's important for them to be credentialed. But then as far as splitting it up once they're trained, I do it because I want eyes on everything. I don't want things slipping through the cracks. So if the biller takes care of the billing and the biller will also help jump in and help with claim follow up too. But the primary thing for them is to get those claims out the door, make for sure that they're good, clean claims, and then they can jump in and they can help with claim follow up. Anything that's falling into the agings or scrubs, rejections, anything like that.
Adam Harrison: Gotcha. Okay.
michelle.lynn: And then I never. I also never allow any one of the billers, I shouldn't say never because I have had to. But I try not to let a biller also be the one that posts payments because, you know, it's very easy if you, oops, I forgot to bill something that you could very easily post something to be like, hey, this paid. So I try not to allow that.
michelle.lynn: I have full trust in my staff that they don't do that. But I've worked with staff that have done that, and that's part of why I don't allow them to do postings.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, and I think the postings still feels a little hazy for me, I guess, in terms of how that. Yeah, I guess I'm a little confused on what that entails. Exactly. I understand, like you send the claim out, that claim is either denied, approved, and so on. And then there is like. So I would assume like payment is sent via ACH or whatever to a bank account. And then there's also. Is it era, is that the right term that is posted automatically to whatever system you're using? Is that what you mean by posting or is posting a separate thing?
michelle.lynn: So. Yes. So the era will come in and depending on how the system is set up, it can auto post. Like it will come in and it will look at the criteria that matches up, you know, the, the date of service, the client's name, all of that. And it'll auto automatically post to that depending on how you know, what criteria you guys have in the back end. It will post what is allowed, it will send it to the client responsibility and then the remainder of the contract, the contracted rate, will get written off after it's divided up, you know, amongst what was paid by the insurance, what's client responsibility, and what is above and beyond the contracted rate. But a lot of insurance companies don't have that process set up some. And a lot of them will send virtual credit cards and then you have to go pull an EOB and be able to post the payment and process the virtual credit card. So.
michelle.lynn: Okay, did I throw you off there on that one for sure?
Adam Harrison: Yeah. It's always, it's never as simple as you think, is what I'm learning.
michelle.lynn: It is not. Yeah, so there are, there are several. So until you're, until a provider is enrolled to receive, receive ACHs and ERAs, if the system allows for it, then you're going to receive paper checks and EOBs, and then those have to be manually posted into a system.
Adam Harrison: I see. Okay. And the constraint when you say the system allows it, is that the payer or is that like simple practice?
michelle.lynn: So both. So it. Sometimes the system isn't contracted with the payer to allow for those kind of reports to come in.
michelle.lynn: And so like for instance, let me think of one that we have. So a lot of, there's a lot of times that we don't have. Secondary claims won't be contracted and won't post.
michelle.lynn: You know, the eras aren't allowed. So you have to get those checks. Sometimes it's small town insurance companies that you know, they, they, they're not real, they're not big like Cigna, like it might be Mountain Co Op that you have to, you know, they just send a check and you know, a paper eob or you can log into their system and pull the eob.
Adam Harrison: Okay, got it. Interesting. And do most payers, if you're enrolled, allow you to do the automatic posting?
michelle.lynn: It depends on if the systems can handle it because there are some that, so there are some systems that you can file the claim electronically but it doesn't allow for the electronic eobs or posting.
Adam Harrison: Okay.
michelle.lynn: You know, I mean you can enroll like in simple practice there's a, you can enroll for ERAs or you can enroll for electronic claim filing.
Adam Harrison: Okay, got it.
michelle.lynn: And sometimes they'll offer both. Those are the ones that you really want to do business with.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, yeah. I was going to say I think, I think you would want both, but. Right.
michelle.lynn: Okay, allow it.
Adam Harrison: If I could circle back to like the audit that you say you conduct. We're actually like doing an audit right now. That was sort of like the first logical step in our mind as well. But yeah, I'm curious like what you typically will look for in that and we could even maybe like send you a draft of what we have and would love like your feedback I guess too. Maybe that's like an easier way to do it. But yeah, I'm curious. Just guidance on what you're sort of typically looking for there.
michelle.lynn: Yeah. So what I, what I first start out with is I pull, I will pull all the, all the claims or all. So I'll do it an aging of everything processed within the system because I want to look first of all I want to make for sure if there's anything outstanding that has not been filed.
michelle.lynn: Some systems when they change like they'll only show a 30 minute or a 30 minute, a 30 day span. And so if a biller doesn't think about it and doesn't backdate their calendar, they'll miscre claims. And so I want to look to see if there's anything that has been, not been filed. I also want to look to see if there's anything that's sitting out there in a rejected, a scrap. Scrubbed a denied status. And I. I pull those. I want to look at what's going on with those. Typically, you'll find credits. You want to find, figure out why there's a credit was, did the insurance pay too much? Did the insurance come and retract money? You know, I mean, there's just a. A whole line of things that I look for. Sometimes it will show that there's a credit on the account. But what really happened is the write off was never written off, you know, for above and beyond the contractual obligation. So you just have to go in and, you know, clean that portion up to get rid of that.
Adam Harrison: Got it. Okay, that's helpful. Yeah. Nate has been leading the audit, so let me check if he wants to maybe share what we have, if you don't mind like, taking maybe a look at it.
michelle.lynn: Sorry, I had to silence my phone.
Adam Harrison: No worries. Cool. That's super helpful. Another question here. So this particular client, they don't want their providers entering any odes on the note. So that's all done by billing. I'm curious, like, is that typical for your clients as well in psychiatry?
michelle.lynn: So, I mean, it does happen in bigger hospitals. For me, I will not code a session. I. I personally feel that, you know, they need to be. They're the ones in the session. You know, I know it's a little bit different with the AI because you guys can kind of scrub the note to see what took place. Without that, you know, I'm not sitting in a session. I'm not going to code a session. And so all of my providers know that the coding is their responsibility.
Adam Harrison: Okay, yeah, that makes sense. Yeah. We're trying to figure out the best way to, like, handle that. Obviously, we'll have our AI doing it, but also, you know, it's good to get the human checks as well on that and verification, so.
michelle.lynn: Okay. And part of the reason that I don't do that is because I work for a major health care system here in Colorado. And most of the denials that we have to send back are because of miscoding, you know, because they. They tried to figure out what is being done in the transcription and that, you know, that's not typically what's being done. And so then we submit it, and then or billing submits it. Because I, for that company, I work in the. Credentialing department and they kick it back and then of course it comes to us. Is this a credentialing issue? No, it's a coding issue. So then we send it back to coding and they have to meet with the provider or sorry that my phone has decided to go crazy today. So then, you know, they have to meet with the provider to figure out what really happened in the session. So I personally feel that, you know, they need to. If, if they're, if it's not going to be able to be scanned to determine it, then the provider should be the one coding it. You know, and just like that gal that we met with the other day when she was like, no, this was a lot. There was a lot more complexity to this than what, you know, the system picked up on. So this is why I coded it that way, you know, and, and there's just sometimes that you're not going to be able to pick all those things out, so.
Adam Harrison: Got it. Okay, sorry. Nate was also just responding to me.
michelle.lynn: You're okay.
Adam Harrison: He's. He said he is finishing up his like kind of audit tonight, but yeah, he might be able to send it over like later today or in the morning. If, if you don't mind like having a glance at it and just giving us any like high level feedback that, that would be, that would be super helpful.
michelle.lynn: Yeah, absolutely.
Adam Harrison: Okay, cool. All right, great. I think, yeah. The last thing I just wanted to kind of mention was so we are kind of trying to go live, you know, not in the next like week, but in the next like several weeks we're probably going to go live. And you know, I think Nate, myself and others from job site are going to be pretty in the trenches, you know, in sort of the biller role. You know, we're going to, we want to like really learn and do it ourselves. But we also are probably going to want some pretty tactical support like doing that as well as at the review stage. So yeah, I wanted to kind of ask the question from you if, if like you're open to kind of working together on that. Whether it be like just the three of us, like you know, really going deep and claim by claim and going through things or if maybe there's an arrangement where like someone from your team we could work with on like a part time basis as well. If it's like, if you want to be more in the like kind of higher level, approver, reviewer sort of capacity. Yeah, because I just think this, this will be, you know, kind of like a mid sized clinic because it's not just one provider. It's, like, several. So just. I just wanted to kind of leave that as maybe, like, an open, open question.
michelle.lynn: Honestly, I would be. Be willing to do either or you know, my, my staff would be willing to help with, you know, things if, if you know, you needed to bring them in on a part time basis too. You know, whatever we need to do to help you guys out, we're. We're here for you.
Adam Harrison: Okay. And yeah, and then the other nuances, they are in Florida. So I know there's some like state differences. I don't know to what extent. That's like real versus perceived versus like you know, a sales tactic people talk about of like. Well, do you have a biller who has experience in Florida? Right. So I know you mentioned you'd be able to like kind of learn the rules pretty quickly, but just wanted to flag that they are like a new state.
michelle.lynn: Yes. And I actually in meeting with. So I had two companies that reached out to me in the last week from Florida that want me to take on their building. So I'm actually meeting with one on Friday. So I'll. I just have to go over the contract with them, but so I'll have that experience too to help with.
Adam Harrison: Awesome, awesome. Very exciting. Okay, well, I can definitely like keep you posted here. Nate and I will send over some, some stuff like probably tonight or maybe in the morning tomorrow. And then do you maybe want to just. Maybe we could just grab a recurring block just so we don't have to like reschedule each time. Does. Does either. Like when? Wednesday? Wednesday probably best on my end. I'm really flexible as far as when. But yeah, does that work for you?
michelle.lynn: Wednesdays are good for me later because of your time frame. You tell me what works best for you and then I can look at my.
Adam Harrison: I can do anytime Wednesday. I just need to block the time. So whatever works for you.
michelle.lynn: I am like three. Well, five year time. Is that too late?
Adam Harrison: Is it five or is it four? My time? I always forget.
michelle.lynn: Are you eastern?
Adam Harrison: I'm Eastern, yeah. So you're. You're two hours, right?
michelle.lynn: Right.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, I can do five.
michelle.lynn: Okay. On Wednesday.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, let's do that. And I'm just going to make it recurring and you know, we can cancel if we don't need. We can reschedule, we can move it around, but I will just block that for the time being.
michelle.lynn: Perfect.
Adam Harrison: All right, great. I think that's all I had for right now, but we will definitely be in close touch and probably even closer as we get like more. More ready to get up and rolling here.
michelle.lynn: Yeah, I did just see that Nate's also sent a separate thing. Yeah. Yes. Yep.
Adam Harrison: If you have time. Friday, I already. Yeah, I think Rebecca had time at, like, noon on Friday. So if you had time at. What's that, 10, your tenor morning.
michelle.lynn: Or is this separate?
Adam Harrison: Yeah, on Friday.
michelle.lynn: On Friday. Yeah, I can do that at 10.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, let me just check with Nate on that, but I'll respond on the thread there.
michelle.lynn: Okay.
Adam Harrison: All right. Thanks, Michelle.
michelle.lynn: All right. Thank you. Take care.
Adam Harrison: Bye.
michelle.lynn: Bye.