Nathan Peereboom: If there is a change, did I email the wrong person? I don't think I did.
Monica Dyer: No, I've been. My sister had surgery this week and so I've been in between work and family.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. Oh, I'm sorry.
Monica Dyer: Yes, she's doing well. Did you want to schedule another time? What was the email?
Nathan Peereboom: I'm not saying. No, no, no, no.
Monica Dyer: I was just running. Okay, now I see it. Yeah. Phones in my pocket. That's why.
Nathan Peereboom: Awesome. Well, Monica, it's great to see you. As you know, today, this is like one of my favorite kinds of conversations. What we're doing is we're interviewing you for the content of your website that we're building. Okay. Yeah. So just to remind you of the process, I'm going to interview you. I'm going to ask you some questions about your story, your practice, what your aesthetic preferences are, you know, because at the end of the day, websites are digital spaces. They are digital homes. And, you know, we want you to feel at home and yours. And then I might ask you for a few things at the end. So for example, I would love a really like great picture of you if you could just send like, if you want that on your website or any other kind of imagery that you find really compelling and that you would like included, you'll send that over. When after we do this, it takes about a week for us to build the website. And then we'll do a reveal and we'll just sit down with you and be like, hey, this is what we built. This is why we built it. And if you want it, you can take it and it's yours. If you want us to host it and like have it on a domain name and take care of it, we can also do that. But, you know, the goal here is just that when patients come to your website, they really understand who you are and they're excited about, you know, being part of your practice. That's the goal.
Monica Dyer: Okay. Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: Perfect. All right. Well, let me start out by asking, tell me your story. Like how did you, why did you get into clinical care? Just walk me through your journey a little bit so I understand you as a human being.
Monica Dyer: Yeah. So in my first degrees were environmental science and our studies and anthropology. And then I started working in other countries and would have people see me as a foreigner and walk out and be like, hey, can you help my kid? And we're like, no, I don't have clinical skills. And so I really wanted to gain them for that. Did my master's in public health and kept working with community organizations and mostly Haiti and Panama and lived there for like seven of 17 years I was in Haiti. Two of them I was in Panama. And yeah, I just wanted to kind of add that to what I thought was going to be like my career lifelong. You know, passion pursuit in, in Haiti of working with communities. And then yeah, then added the Bachelor's of nursing. And then that was frustrating because I couldn't like help, you know, recommend things that didn't have quite enough training to help people. So it's like, hey, I'm going to do the NP thing. And yeah, did the family nurse practitioner with a doctorate. And then. Ended up working in psych. And so I said, I like that a lot more. I wanted to do psych to begin with, but I thought family would be more practical in Haiti. And so yeah, went back into the psych certification too and happy doing that. Also Mike, so before nursing school has skipped apart where after the earthquake in Haiti in 2010, I was there for that whole year. It was a lot. And so I like my health was not going very well. So I came back to the US and just kind of was in like my own recovery phase from PTSD and the physical health side of it was really anemic. And got really into herbal medicine, studied that. Like voraciously and really helped with a lot of my own like chronic conditions like endometriosis. And so it's like, oh wow, I want to share this with other people. And I started a women's health herbalism practice in San Antonio and was also a doula that time. So definitely like I've studied a lot of the, you know, the herbal medicine and then indigenous practices both in San Antonio and Panama and Haiti, like the traditional healing. And yeah, but then also see these medications from pharmaceutical companies as important tools in the mix. Just try to take the best of all worlds. And a really practical approach to the different ways of knowing in the world.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. Really interesting. How much of. Like your current practice is a synthesis of what you just described. Versus something that happened like in succession from it.
Monica Dyer: I mean, You know, development to get to the place where I feel like I can provide therapy for other people and hold space for, you know, their traumatic, most traumatic events in their life and being able to process out the feelings of that.
Nathan Peereboom: Is.
Monica Dyer: My superpower from recovering from PTSD of, you know, not just earthquake, but many other things through life and sort of. Being able to, you know, just talk about those things on a regular basis. Without it becoming, you know, too heavy for me. So, yeah, I mean, I talked to my patients all the time about like once they get through the difficult emotions of their trauma, then they end up with, you know, these, these superpowers that like they became really good at because of their trauma response and like their coping mechanisms they developed that when they can choose when to apply them and versus just being swept into them, they can be really good skills. So I think. All of the crazy things put myself through made me good at this. Plus, you know, the cultural like it's studying anthropology and living in another culture and being able to understand different people's perspectives. Patients of, you know, varying cultural backgrounds. It really matter if it's the one that I've been in, but I can, I can understand like, oh, okay, you have a totally different way of seeing that. Like I have the concept of that, you know, easy to access in my mind. So. Yeah, I think it gave me a lot of flexibility. It definitely like vacation approach to dealing with difficult things is humor and dance and silliness.
Monica Dyer: And I think I bring that my sessions. Like yeah. So people like to. Find the humor in the in the tragic sometimes. Like that's a really good way to kind of not feel like so, so heavy with it. It's like, okay, this is something I can talk about. And we can have some gallows humor with it and, you know, move through.
Nathan Peereboom: When you. Think about your like philosophy of care, what do you want. Clients or future clients, potential clients to understand about what makes you sort of different? Like what's something where you're like, hey, this isn't just like kind of mainstream behavioral health. Like this is like my own kind of take on this field. This is part of my philosophy, my spirituality, whatever it is.
Monica Dyer: Yeah. I mean, so. Being holistic, I mean, that's kind of the best word to describe. The everything of it. Because, you know, I have the physical health training family nurse practitioner, the psychiatric trainee and then also looking at, you know, the other ways of, you know, alternative approaches, alternatives, not a nice word. I don't want to use that one. Complementary. Yeah. Approaches to, to healing. So if someone is less comfortable with pharmaceuticals, then, you know, we can look at other things that, that do help. If it's lifestyle interventions like diet, exercise herbs, things like that. So like I'm, I'm open to and able to talk about all of those solutions as well. Which I think that's pretty unique. And then yeah, doing the trauma therapy that I do is accelerated resolution therapy and it is really accelerated. It's amazing to see the difference like between one or two sessions for people. They're like, when I think about that thing, I don't have those same feelings anymore. Like it's, it's like kind of like an EMDR simulation. Kind of thing that just like. Lays new neural pathways around difficult memories. And that, yeah, is, is really, really amazing for a lot of people and transform stuff.
Nathan Peereboom: What is. I'm curious about like who your favorite clients are like what they like as people. And then on the other side, what are clients where you're like, that's just not mice. It's not mine. You know, it's not, it's not really trying to maximize right now.
Monica Dyer: Well, so my. Previous job before my private practice was at University of Texas Health Science Center. Well, now it's, yeah. UT. Anyway, they changed the name.
Nathan Peereboom: But.
Monica Dyer: And it was the Department of Psychiatry. It was a. Substance use disorder clinic. And I did a lot of street medicine. It's kind of my substitute from when I couldn't live in Haiti anymore. I came back to the US and was like, okay, at least I can do like backpack mobile health kind of things, people experiencing homelessness. So I got really into the way that the interaction between substance use and mental health. And I was annoying these people so much to try to get advocate for better care for my homeless patients. They said, can you just come work with us? We'll create a program where, you know, we'll make this work better. And we got a $3 million grant to do that. But then it got cut. And so, yeah. Then I just ended up in the clinical role seeing patients via telehealth. But I really love that the intersection between mental health and substance and how people are, you know, I think really sometimes wisely trying to feel different and self medicate and then end up, you know, in a dependence kind of cycle with it. So it's kind of trying to find, okay, well, what was working for you at first with this substance? Like why was it that, you know, you felt like this was something that you needed to do in your life and then trying to approach that, like, mental health side if it's trauma therapy or, you know, anxiety. And then I think there's a lot of neurodivergent people that end up with substance use patterns to try to self regulate. And so I found that. You know, to be really people that I really relate to. For my own neurodivergence, I think. And yeah. That made me realize like, oh, okay, that's why I may be a better fit for like this population too is because like I kind of like get them in a way that I think a lot of practitioners don't. And yeah, I think a lot of them appreciate that.
Nathan Peereboom: It's.
Monica Dyer: I understand like the patterns of that intuitively. And yeah, I mean finding. A lot of kind of diagnosing late diagnosing people. Of ADHD and trying to. Work through like the ways that that has affected them and find better ways of adapting now. So yeah. I get. Neurodivergent people really well if it's autism spectrum or ADHD for sure. And then yeah substance use. I do prescribe for now. I'm not trying to really expand that part of my practice though. Suboxone because if I leave the country, which is kind of in the few year plan, then I can't prescribe the controlled substances from out. So I do not prescribe stimulants or benzos. So I do non stimulant treatment for ADHD. Gotcha. Okay.
Nathan Peereboom: Tell me about the, you call your practice rose water wellness. Tell me about the origin of that name.
Monica Dyer: Yes. So. I like roses because they're, you know soft and fragrant and beautiful and then they have thorns. They have their boundaries. You know how to take care of themselves, but they can still in the meantime like enjoy the beauty. So and then the waters emotions and it's healing in a lot of ways a lot of cultures. So kind of bringing those two things together. And then I loved how rose water is. So it's so widely used around the world in so many different cultures. So yeah, it's kind of like that. Softness and fierceness together.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, I like that. Do. I want to do a little just like free association here? Like when you think about your practice. Can you just like free associate like random words for me?
Nathan Peereboom: Like what what comes to mind? I mean it sounds like roses water. But like what else is like in that list of. Don't think about it too much. Just like, you know, you can say random stuff.
Monica Dyer: Yeah. I mean there's the depth of water, there's the flow of it and kind of the symbolism of it being about emotions. And yeah, but then making like with the fragrance of the rose it makes it like more pleasant. And kind of like roses are also heart medicine and herbal medicine. So it's really fitting, I think for mental health holistic mental health practice. And yeah, I mean a lot of people use it for kind of making themselves smell better and feel better and kind of like energetic changes and things like that before prayer. And offerings and all that kind of stuff too. So it's there's a spiritual connection with it. And yeah roses are pretty universal symbol of like beauty and love. And so it's about like kind of that self love and care and tending to the heart and the emotions.
Nathan Peereboom: What do you want people to feel when they come to your website?
Monica Dyer: I mean, I guess I want them to know if they feel like, you know, they could. Feel. Understood by me or not, if it's a good match. And I think. I think half of healing is being heard. And so I put a lot of emphasis on really, really listening to my patients or clients. And so I guess. For them to know that, you know, there's like kind of like a warm caring. Vibe. Would be good. To just know that they're going to be listened to. And I mean, I work very collaboratively. That's a hard word today with my patients and in collaborative decision making and not like, okay, I'm going to give you this. You need to take this and you know, it's like, okay, so these are some options and you know, which one's sounding like a better one to you. And I want them to feel like it's their choice. You know, like they have an agency in this and then so. One, they don't blame me if it doesn't go well into, you know, they're, they know that they're a part of this process. They have some control in it too. Because usually, I mean, you do have to try a few different medications if you're starting them out and people are often really, really wary of them and the side effects. And so them feeling like they have someone that will really listen to them and take their needs and to account under like hear them when they say, I don't like the side effects of this one or that. Yeah. So openness.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay. Are there particular websites that you feel like, oh, I really like this kind of vibe. Like. Or hey, this website, if it just resonates with me for whatever reason.
Monica Dyer: There's the practitioner I really like. I was going to see what her website looks like these days. She's a physician. Midwife and herbalist. She's an herbalist midwife first and then became physician. And I did her. Courses for women's health. She has the women's integrative medicine institute. Where's the Riva ROM? R-O-M-M. Oh, here's our homepage. Okay.
Nathan Peereboom: Can you share the screen just so I can follow along?
Monica Dyer: Yeah. Listen to link too. So you can scroll it. Do we have a chat?
Nathan Peereboom: Let's see.
Monica Dyer: Oh, there it is.
Nathan Peereboom: Oh, I don't think I see it. Did you send it in the in the chat on the side?
Monica Dyer: I think. Oh, I have to be in your organization to send something in the chat.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay. What really? Says.
Monica Dyer: Income messages are available in Google chat to invited users who are in the host organization.
Nathan Peereboom: Oh, that's horrible. I'm sorry.
Monica Dyer: I'll show the screen.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, great. Thanks.
Monica Dyer: I like, you know, Radically better you at the center. Like those are kind of. Nice. Buzzwords. I'm not so focused on women's health as she not a fan of the gray.
Nathan Peereboom: Don't like gray.
Nathan Peereboom: Do you like tell me about the color.
Monica Dyer: Do you have a color scheme or a color palette? I like colors. And yeah. You've seen my logo.
Nathan Peereboom: Right? No, I don't think I have.
Monica Dyer: My email and stuff.
Monica Dyer: Maybe I one of my street medic students who's also a tattoo artist and indigenous tattoo artist. Created it.
Nathan Peereboom: Oh yeah. Okay. Now I can see it. Yes, yes, yes.
Monica Dyer: Those colors are good. I think, I mean, it doesn't have to be too matchy matchy.
Nathan Peereboom: But send me a high resolution version of this logo.
Monica Dyer: Yes, I can. And then I also have like my psychology today, my headway profile and some copy that I was like working on for. For my website. So I can use all that too.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. So what would be helpful? And do you want a picture of yourself on the website as well?
Monica Dyer: Yeah, I think it's. I would feel better seeing somebody that I could actually look at them and read their face, see if it's the one I want to talk to. So yeah, and then I mean, I like the botanical kind of. Kind of thing to bring in. That. Yeah, knowing that. That's a part of the practice and everything.
Nathan Peereboom: Monica, can you. How quickly can you send me the things that you just listed? So your logo, pictures of you, you can have as many, you can send as many as you'd like. And then background on like any of the other profiles or writing or links that you have.
Monica Dyer: A patient now at noon, but I'm free from one to two with you like in that window.
Nathan Peereboom: That would be really helpful just because I think we want to start the team on it this afternoon in case anyone works the weekend.
Monica Dyer: Okay, so logo profiles.
Nathan Peereboom: Picture. You should just literally anything that you want us to look at. I mean, if you sent me a hundred pages that was like your CV and like, you know, hey, here's a picture of a cat that I thought was really cool and like, you know, this is a piece of music that like spiritually resonates like, like we like all of that inspiration is like really helpful to us.
Monica Dyer: I have an insanely detailed CV that I will send to.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay great yeah, that's awesome.
Monica Dyer: Good. Yeah, it's like academic ones. So you just keep adding on to it. It's not like keep it to one page or anything.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, that's sounds like a plan.
Monica Dyer: Awesome.
Nathan Peereboom: All right. Perfectly yeah just send us all that information. And then the last thing I want to do before we hang up is I want to make sure that we have time for us all to sit and actually look at the result next week.
Monica Dyer: Okay. Okay. I think did you want to do Friday? Again?
Nathan Peereboom: Let's see. Yeah I think actually wait. Man I am totally tied up on Friday. Emily do you do you mind if I schedule some time for for you to lead the presentation on Friday is that okay?
Nathan Peereboom: That okay all right great.
Emily Kaiser: If are you Eastern Standard Time?
Monica Dyer: I'm central.
Emily Kaiser: Okay if we could do it like maybe early afternoon. If that's available for you.
Monica Dyer: That would be great. Yeah that's open so feel free to send me an invite and
Emily Kaiser: I'll send you an invite and if anything comes up where we have to adjust timing just let me know and I'm happy to address it on my end.
Monica Dyer: Okay sounds good gotta run thank you all amazing thanks Monica looking forward.