Bernie Sanders: Green bot is ready.
Becca Bressler: Yes.
Bernie Sanders: Ok, I'll run it back a little bit. So, yeah, here's the jot. Psych audit. Sorry. Kind of v3, like, kind of updates since our last discussion about this. So yeah, I was going through the current situation we have going on right now, which is obviously like cluttered. It doesn't make sense. Users, we'll get to the problems with the solutions. So here we are with what I'm looking at here, it does involve like refreshing the current. Like, note that we have going on? I think cleaning that up. Would also make the overall screen, when you have the sidebar open, look less cluttered, which is great. So yeah. I did changing the icons here because I feel like the current. Some of the current ones are pretty identical, which I think just like. Yeah, making that more apparent early on and more distinct. Shows good ui, good ux. Also adding insurance into that, just so it's uniform, because it does apply directly. Obviously, green means you're good, you're not kind of that stuff. And then making the chips a little bit more inviting, a little bit more obviously clickable. And I'll get to a question about the CPT code later with that. Another thing is, like, we have so many nav bars going on, how can we consolidate that? A little bit because I think we have, like, four right now, and I'm nervous we're going to get five, so let's. Look at what we currently have, and I already kind of addressed the patient context situation.
Becca Bressler: But also.
Bernie Sanders: I know that we need the sign note and the copy all sessions. Like that's crucial. And I know we need to have some sort of way to change the template. We don't want to edit the template. And we need to transcript. So, like, it seems to me like we have psychiatric progress the note. And then also or the template for the note. We also have this drop down. Like something could be consolidated there. So, yeah, I was thinking we could, like, combine that into a drop down tab and then that can exist. I also think so we can have like an archive situation, like a tab here. And if you were to, like, make a new note or, like, switch to the payware template, this previous template could, like, slide into the archive and it could be a drop down so it doesn't build up here and then we get that fifth nav bar. So, like, if you were making a bunch of different templates, and stuff like that. Wanted to, like, see the note in different forms. It just wouldn't be, like, stacking up. Be in that archive. Kind of cleans it up and it, like, directly relates to what it is. It's like, that's the archive. It's not going to be the on, yeah.
Becca Bressler: Cool.
Bernie Sanders: This is fixed. And then this scrolls. So, yeah, what I love here, and I think I noted that in the, in the, what we currently have, is I love to see, like, what the action is going to be if you do choose to, like, fix with AI. Like, that was a big problem. Users didn't know what was going to happen and so they're uncomfortable, and they're kind of like, not like, you know, they're reluctant to press it.
Becca Bressler: Yeah.
Bernie Sanders: So showing, like, what actually is going to happen. And they can, like, see how that's going to be in their note. Seems like a very big win.
Becca Bressler: Yeah.
Bernie Sanders: Yeah. And I can show. Yeah, I'll show what it looks like when you have, like, limited points as well. So, yeah, if you hover here, I'm thinking hover or click, this could pop up. We have a chip here that, like, indicates, like, this is an AI feature. Like, this is also, like, kind of like a paid feature. We have a clear undo button. It wouldn't be like, I guess, active right now because it's. You don't have anything to undo, but I think even showing that communicates or, like, puts the users at ease with, like, oh, that's a thing we can do. Like, we can undo this. Like, I'm more reluctant to press it. And you could hide some stuff in here just to, like, clean it up a lot, which is great. So I think we still do need, like, kind of a really direct, like, quick to recognize, like, Like, color system of being like, this is not compliant, just so that we can register quickly, like, oh, I should work on that. Like, communicates in a gentle way, like priority. And then, yeah, I think we have, like, the title here. Just kind of, like, what you need to do. I think we got, like, the source, and then I think we had this kind of, like, slight blur where you can, like, scroll to read more. But it doesn't have to be like, this crazy pop up and, like, it's all in your face. Like, I don't, like, know how. You could also, like, always look at this in the rules panel, too. Like, this is just kind of like, Yeah, they're trying to edit their note. They're not trying to, like, read about all the rules in this. Like, I don't think that's necessary. And they could ignore it, like, for now or approve it, Obviously. Approve is, like, the primary action. We want them to do that so it takes up more.
Becca Bressler: Space. Yeah. Cool.
Bernie Sanders: Kind of inviting them. And then. So, yeah, over here is a sidebar. I think I. The way I first designed it was like we had two buttons stacked on top of each other. I felt like that was taking up too much space. It's also very, like, dominant, and it looks bigger than the signed note, which isn't great. So maybe we put them side by side. We removed the video because no one was clicking. So we have run audit and then maybe try pair or template and that could remove the pop up. Yeah. Which is. Which was one of the points of one of the issues.
Becca Bressler: Aqua Gate, classically.
Bernie Sanders: I also think, like, it's minor. This is actually. I forgot to say this, but this is pretty minor. But even, like, reducing the shading on some of these boxes, like, the outlines would make this look just a little bit more clean. So it's super minor. But I did also do that as well, I think. They're pretty dope right now. And it looks very, like, blocky. Very, like, I don't know, like the opposite of modern.
Becca Bressler: But can I see a quick question before we move on?
Becca Bressler: Just because I don't want to lose sight of some of this.
Becca Bressler: So the jaw audit flags III issues at risk piece, like, takes up a lot of real estate, but I don't know that that's a bad thing, right? Because, like, part of the problem is we're cramming too much into the real estate. But can you. So can you just, like, walk me through that choice of, like, yeah, taking up that much space, etc.
Bernie Sanders: Yeah, that's a great segue. And, like, I'm totally open to feedback on this, but I think.
Bernie Sanders: Yeah, go ahead. Yeah. One of the issues right now is, like, okay, we open it and it's like, I mean, right now, I can't even see it, like, any of this stuff, even one of them, because this massive CPT thing is in there. And I'm like, can that go kind of up here? Like, wasn't that the point of having these? And then. And then when you do get there, It kind of looks like this, which is just like we have a bunch. It's like we have a bunch of these rules at risk. But, like, having more information makes it even more confusing and, like, none of it. Despite there being so much information to look at. I still feel like I'm getting nothing, you know, So I think I'm like. Okay, like, as a user. It's almost beneficial to have, like, less stuff jammed on your throat and, like. Okay. Fewer things and I'll get to hell. It's like woodwork. Will actually, like, function, but kind of fewer things to actually be, like, less overwhelming. Like, I almost debated doing, like, cards where you, like, use arrows, but then I was like, that's too much to, like, swipe through that. But putting less could actually be, like, more digestible. And so, like, the way I was thinking it could work is, like, obviously, like, it's very, like, you know, you see what you're supposed to do, so update the cpt. Like, it shows you with the old one is what the new one could be. And this could also play into this. Patient. So you would press that. And I think, yeah, so you press that. It would obviously like. Disable because it's updating. So it's like communicating that without having to so in your face, and then that's updating. And then once it's updated, I was also wondering maybe, like, there could be something like this. I've seen this before where you could actually native notifications, like, when things are. When actions are done. This might make a little more sense with, like, running the audits, but I think it can also work with this.
Bernie Sanders: So that when that's ready, it kind of pops up here. Actually, like, this was, like, my interpretation of, like, the iOS, like, notif, but that pops up and then whatever you just did slides to the bottom. So, like, you always have, like, the action of what you kind of, like, almost like a to do list that's active. So then like that goes to the very bottom and then the next thing you need to do that's non compliant slides up. And then since it doesn't seem to, like, automatically capture that, I think once these are, like, all, like. Like, this is what it would look like after you press that. And obviously. Sitting in that kind of like. Sidebar like they don't clear until you press run audit. And then this is what it would look like if you're compliant. Like. Does that make sense?
Becca Bressler: Yeah. Wait. So back up for one second.
Becca Bressler: Can you show me where it's all green.
Becca Bressler: So what I'm looking at here is jots, like, had flag issues, but this user had fixed all of them.
Bernie Sanders: Yeah, like the user is press fixed with AI on all of these.
Becca Bressler: Okay?
Bernie Sanders: Yeah. And so, like, the first one that they fixed, like, the CPT went all the way to the bottom, and then, like, the next one, obviously, like, just went up. And then when that one was fixed, it went below that, and then. You're kind of, like, sitting, like, almost in, like. You're sitting with these kind of in a bank, and then obviously they don't, like, clear out. Like, it still says it as there's three issues. Until you run the audit. And then it's like, okay, there's zero issues because you cleared everything.
Becca Bressler: And then can you show me what happens with the three dots that you click?
Bernie Sanders: Yeah. So I think right now it's just, like, there's a lot going on with, like, that modal that pops up, and I kind of think, like, do we need it to be that intense right now? I think this works, like, I think this is, like, I want to disable it.
Bernie Sanders: I want to edit it. I want to view analytics on it. Or I want to learn more, which can just take you to, like, the dashboard. If you really want to, like, read about it. But I just think for this action, we don't need to, like, swarm them with that.
Becca Bressler: Yeah, I think that's super smart. Just like, a couple notes before we move on, because, again, I want to keep these. I don't. I don't want to forget about it. We actually do see people click the. Rule, like, more than I expected, actually. So we probably want to maintain some capability where, like, they can, I don't know. Yeah, if there's some way that still lets them click and open the rule without. Well, because. Yeah, right. Right now you can get more information on the rule in the note if you click right, but in this view. Is the learn more the thing that would pop up that information.
Bernie Sanders: Yeah. I mean, it could pop up that information, or it could just take you to that rule in the rule dashboard.
Becca Bressler: Right, right, right, right, right, right, right.
Bernie Sanders: It's possible it. Correct me if I'm wrong. Like, it's possible that since that's the only option, when you click on this, it just opens the pop up. That's why, like, they're like, what's the rule? Like, I don't even know. Click on it and then. It pops up like, that's probably why it's getting that. Kind of attention. Maybe less because it's, like, actually useful. Like, do we have an. That's interesting. If they're doing actions when the pop up is open. Okay. Whoops. Like, close it.
Becca Bressler: Okay. Yeah. I mean, that's a really interesting point. So. Yeah. Yeah. Okay, keep going.
Bernie Sanders: Yeah. So like that. Like, I feel like this could really clean it up. And then obviously, we have the pool tab. Oh, yeah. So once an edit is made. I'm also kind of thinking also with the undo button, we could have like, an undo another button pop up next to the copy, which is like, it'd be a little different, so it's like, it sticks out. And then also, obviously, that would only impact sections that had been edited in some way, which is. Very clear for them. Like, oh, wait, I kind of missed what it was before. Or it's, like, very clear where they need to press that.
Becca Bressler: That's like a real. I think that's a great addition because people have not figured out that the back arrow that shows up on the left side of the section. Is an undo.
Becca Bressler: Like, I've never seen a user figure that out. And in fact, I've had to direct users there all the time. So I think this is actually. A good point. Can I just ask, like again, thinking wise, the primary action there is the undo and the not copy. What's your. Well, I mean, it makes sense. We have this copy icon that's gray everywhere else. Okay, Ignore that. I'm not going to go down.
Bernie Sanders: Yeah, Yeah, I think I knew it was just, like. Because it just happened, and it, like, only applies to some. It's kind of like. Oh, yeah, yeah. Exactly. Yeah, I think I did. And then I was like, ooh, branding moment here. We could, like, have it being, like, running audit, like, pulling all our rules together, like, pulling other sources, and they could be, like, rotating. That might come later, but just an idea.
Becca Bressler: What do you mean by that, though? It's like, what is that? Inviting someone to do Check out the rules dashboard.
Bernie Sanders: Or not really inviting, just more like. Because I think you said something about a loading screen, and, like, right now it's like that circle and it's kind of going on. It's kind of going on for a while, and you're like, how long is this going to take? So I think, like, I don't know, making it more playful could be, like, something small that goes a long way.
Becca Bressler: Yeah.
Bernie Sanders: You could also be a chance to be like, oh, another communication on. Like, we're pulling together all these rules. Like, this is a huge thing that we're doing, a very powerful, cool thing, and we could, like, put a little bit of language in there.
Becca Bressler: Yeah.
Bernie Sanders: And then this is what it looked like when you've done the audit and you're good to go. So I'll talk about the tab real quick. Like, at risk. I didn't make mock ups of this yet, but I think, like. I mean, I was also thinking, like, we could have, like, a collapsible view. It's like, even smaller if we wanted, but at risk of just separate. There could be. Like at risk. Compliant. Like it's just to put that stuff in there. Opposed to the tab, just to clean it up a little bit.
Becca Bressler: Yeah, yeah.
Bernie Sanders: And then it also invites, like, possibilities for later, like, with suggested, like, different things, just so it's. Yeah.
Becca Bressler: One thing, one note I just want to leave you before we move on is I do think, and similar to kind of how you did this. In the pop up. I think we want to give people the option to immediately approve or ignore. I think it was really smart how you gave approve more real estate and you made it the primary call to action. But we might again. I don't know if that busies it too much, but we might want to consider doing a similar type of thing on the side panel, too.
Bernie Sanders: Ignore also over here.
Becca Bressler: Yeah. That way, like, they can get it out of their queue and are not, like, scrolling and stuff like that. The other thing I actually want to mention is the undo the placement of it. To me doesn't really communicate that you can, like, undo the suggestion. I don't really know why, but, like, are you undoing the rule? Are you undoing, like, I can't really articulate it other than to say, like, maybe because I haven't made a suggestion yet. I get that. That's why it's grayed out.
Bernie Sanders: Yeah.
Becca Bressler: Anyways, I'm not going to linger on that one for too long, actually, so let's. Let's move on. Just like, a quick thought.
Bernie Sanders: That makes sense. I think probably the biggest place that they would press it, like, would be in the know, like, just communicate. If they could undo it.
Becca Bressler: Yeah, I think. You're. That makes sense. Like, right. Communicating that so they don't have fear around it.
alfred: Yeah, right from the sidebar. So that kind of marries everything.
Becca Bressler: Was was that afic?
alfred: You can click it from the sidebar. The undueless one.
Becca Bressler: Yeah. Like, giving you two places to do.
Bernie Sanders: I think also the icon's the same. They'll be like, oh, undo, undo.
Becca Bressler: Oh, yeah, you're right. The icon.
Becca Bressler: Yeah, yeah, got it.
Bernie Sanders: Okay. So kind of explored a little bit, like, what this could look like with, like, limited. And I don't entirely know all Holly credits work so wrong, but. I mean, it's simple. We could just kind of pop something in here. Like two, you know, jaw AI credits left. And that A credit is used when you run the audit, right? Not when you, like, do an edit.
Becca Bressler: It's actually per note.
Becca Bressler: So you can run as many audits as you want on the no.
Bernie Sanders: Okay, so I probably change the language on that a little bit, but could be something like this. Just something like, you know, there's unlimited here and then there's like, you have to left with this.
Bernie Sanders: Or we could put the plan name. And then. Okay, so what do you do when it runs out? So, yeah, I need to change this. But when it runs out, almost like, could we do something kind of, like, blur, so that they understand? Like, you don't have any more left. Like, you can still access the note, but like you are missing out on something.
Bernie Sanders: And then that translated, it could kind of be like this, too. So, you know, that you would notice set in three days, and then if they have a sidebar open again, they're reminded, like, they reset in three days. You could upgrade. I'm not sure if we would still want this, like. Them to be able to do this, but you can't run the audit, obviously, so just kind of, like, disabling some things and blurring some things, but in, like, a cleaner way, so it's like, yeah.
Becca Bressler: The one thing I'm thinking. So I really love what you did in the note.
Becca Bressler: Like, I just think that really prevents, like, a lot of back and forth for the user. My thoughts or concerns. There is like. So it needs to be very clear that that's not in their clinical note. Right. Like, this is like, something we're flagging and, like an action they can take. And right now. Yeah. And so visually, like, I don't know exactly. Like, if I were a user, I might. Even though it says add, like, just, like, maybe something visually to really help communicate. Like, this is not in your note. Like, this is an action you can take.
Bernie Sanders: Darker, for sure. And then it could also have, like, you're about to sign the note and these things are still here. Could be, like, are you sure? Because, like, you have?
Bernie Sanders: Yeah, Things like this isn't in your. No. Yeah.
Becca Bressler: I. The only other thing I'm thinking about is, like, we have users who don't want this, right? And we don't want to give them more text in their note, right? Like this. They're editing their note, they're scrolling.
Becca Bressler: They don't care about this. And this is we're just adding more things for them to see or read on their note. And so, like, I'm wondering. If maybe instead of, like, giving them. Telling them what we would do, it's sort of like, you know, it says, like, audit suggestion, and then they can, like, look at it if they want to, but visually, it doesn't take up as much space, like. Alfred, I'm curious what you think you were sort of.
Becca Bressler: Nodding at some point in that, but.
Bernie Sanders: But that.
Becca Bressler: That is like one concern I have around putting it in the know. Yeah.
alfred: Yeah. I mean, I was. I was not. Yeah. It almost feels like. Especially the. The blurred one. It becomes, like, a lot of noise
Becca Bressler: or it looks like an error, like we haven't loaded.
alfred: Almost. Almost like. Maybe dismissible in a way that I can dismiss it once and then it doesn't come back until. Until I have allowance again. Or something like that or something that could become a user that's like, just go and show me. I got it.
Bernie Sanders: You know, we could also just not show anything. And then, like, the sidebar could still be like this, you know?
alfred: Yeah.
Bernie Sanders: Yeah. Which I think also, I mean, communicates that because we have the same. Your. Your credit reset and whatever like here. So I don't think anything new is coming from this, honestly.
Becca Bressler: Alfred, what are your thoughts? Or like what feedback would you have around the non blurred version where it's still additional text like.
alfred: I think it's fine. Maybe. Maybe if it doesn't look so much like the actual text, to your point, like, just not part of the.
Becca Bressler: Mean, maybe we just need to give people. Oh, go ahead. Sorry.
alfred: Yeah. I would let people play with this. I go back. For, like, if I'm simply not interested in this feature at all. I want to be able to. At this point, I want to be able to turn it off. That would be the only thing. And I know that might go against our push to try to get people on, but that would be my only, only thing, I think. Yeah, yeah.
Bernie Sanders: So I think.
alfred: I'll be honest. I'm loving all this.
Becca Bressler: Yeah, but I'm loving it. I think this is fantastic on you.
Bernie Sanders: Yeah.
alfred: Thank you. The one curveball I'm gonna throw, which happens in area. Flashes in the past. It's around the toolbar.
alfred: The formatting toolbar for. For the. For the sections. So if, you know, if you go to a current. What. What allows you to pick, like, bullets or numbers, you know, like bold, italic, like that? If you hover over a section in the current note, you'll see it.
Bernie Sanders: Oh, and the current note. Ok, yeah.
alfred: That adds visual weight. I think there's different things we can do. No, there's a. But that's also important because that's like. To be able to mark a. Selected or not. Yeah, that right there. See it like the paragraph. Each one of these things. They're separate. It's not one big document. But I don't know. Think about it.
Bernie Sanders: Like you don't. You're not a fan. Of that.
alfred: No, no, no. We need to address it.
alfred: We don't have it in your designs, that's all.
Bernie Sanders: Right? Yeah. I mean, I think it could be, like. It doesn't show up unless you're actively on that specific one, and then it's, like, very wired up here, you know?
alfred: Yeah, yeah. The other option would be to have it be more like notion, where it's a top. You know, it's like a thing that's a. We under the hood, we use this thing. Cool.
Becca Bressler: Giving people the ability to disable it, like. Say you click one of these things in the note, like, say you ignore it or, or like dismiss.
Becca Bressler: Do we give people another pop up that's like, I don't care about compliance. Never show me this again. Do we actually just like bury it in the settings where, like, we do enable. We, we do allow users to turn this off if they go to the settings, but they should have to go to the settings to do it. Like, I obviously want them to have a good experience.
Becca Bressler: People might not look in the settings to do that, but like Alfred. I'm curious what you think about that too.
alfred: I don't know. I. Can agree that it's very different settings. We see good. We believe in the product, right? Right.
alfred: So I go back, like, if there's one that I wanted to do, right? Yeah, yeah. I'm out of credit, so at that point, maybe just having it on the right.
Bernie Sanders: It could be interesting, too, to be like, Maybe with something like this here, it's like. Or maybe in the sidebar, it's like, disable audit for this note. And so, like, you can disable it for the whole note, and then maybe if you want to disable it, like, overall, you can go to.
Becca Bressler: You can go to the settings.
alfred: Yeah, yeah, yeah, something like that. Do the disabling from the version of the no problem.
Becca Bressler: Okay, cool. Anya, let's go. Let's. Let's move on. If there's more to show, I just.
Bernie Sanders: Mostly it. Was, like, kind of playing with this. Like, I was like, oh, we could have, like, a little something going on here, but, like, it's thinking. Like, it's doing something auditing. Like, it's low key, but it's like a little something instead of a pop up.
Becca Bressler: Yeah. I really like this drawer. If that's the right way of putting it. Like, yeah, I've talked to a lot of user or I've talked to some users who don't care about the chat, feel like they have to close it every single note because they're not using it on their screen. And so. And previously I was like we want to maintain it open because it wasn't obvious how to open it. In my view, this icon does make it pretty obvious. Alfred, I'm curious what you think about it, but like, just from an experience perspective, it's probably great that the first thing people see on their note does not have like a million things on it. You know what I mean? And they have.
alfred: Yeah. I also think people have seen it already. A little bit.
Becca Bressler: But that drawer, like, do you think that's, like, effective, that icon?
alfred: As long as we use that same icon throughout, it's more like, you know, so, yeah, we're adopting the. Let's just use it for everything. I think it also helps users already familiar with that one.
Becca Bressler: Yeah.
alfred: Yeah, I think the only thing I would do here is that I would probably put that thinking or, like, that message inside the tab itself. So maybe the tap grows vertically. Rather than because we're going to run into issues where now we need to create that space. Yeah.
Bernie Sanders: Yeah, I played with that, and then I was like, oh, is this, like, more work for the dev, like, or for engineering, like.
alfred: No, this is. This is more.
Bernie Sanders: Okay, I got it. I got it.
alfred: Yeah, because now we need to create that space, whereas it's in the tab and it's over. We know that the tabs always will be there, so we know we need to provide part of our margin. Whereas this, it's like, well, we now need to provide 150 pixels. And then why are we, you know, why are we creating that much space if we're not using it, except for these moments, right? I think, you know, and at that point, the tab grows.
alfred: And maybe we play with the icon, like, oh, yeah. Right. Like the. The icon becomes smaller. It does. Little. You know, something like that. I think that would be.
Bernie Sanders: Yeah, good idea. Yeah. So that's where I was at yesterday. I think so obviously I can work on like the things you guys mentioned. Also, like first time user experience. I think it'd be something I could do today. But let me know if you have like other thoughts on priority.
Becca Bressler: You mean first time experience of this teacher of this.
Bernie Sanders: Yeah, like, of John and like the note. Because I know you mentioned yesterday.
Becca Bressler: Yeah. Yeah. Let me think about this for a second, because there were a couple other things we talked about, too, Right. Like a view for the admin of the homepage. Right.
Bernie Sanders: Like, what would that look like with the Jaw Audit Dashboard being
Becca Bressler: a piece of that, which I think, like, is something we want to experiment with and we would be good to get a view. The first time experience. It's. I'm conflicted because what you've done is so simplified that I don't know if we need a dedicated first time experience of it.
Bernie Sanders: Yeah, I think. Use it. The same components from it. Yeah.
alfred: Yeah, I think. I mean, personally, I almost say, like, Again. As long as we treat it more like a tutorial.
Becca Bressler: Right?
alfred: Exactly.
Becca Bressler: Tutorial.
alfred: And I think. I think. I think it's fine. But ideally, people don't.
Becca Bressler: Right, that's what I think. It's simplified enough where, like, it's. And it seems like maybe we wouldn't even need designs of that, Anya, we could just, like, repurpose things that you've given us for, like the Recorder. Page ftux, if that makes. Sense like principles there. So, yeah, so I would take some of the notes that we talked about, like the endnote flagging, like the ignore on the side panel. I am still like, how do we get people to understand the rules? Piece like, no one knows you can. Like that line where it says, like, clinic rules, just, like, I don't think is super visible, though. Maybe it becomes more visible when we have less going on on the rest of the page. You know what I mean? So I don't know that that's, like, an immediate priority right now.
Becca Bressler: What were some of the other things we discussed, though? Like it was the admin dashboard just to see. Because there might just be more on your list too ftechs of this, but, like, we don't need to worry about that. Was there other things we discussed yesterday, though, that I'm forgetting about?
alfred: Let me just look at my list. I would add.
Becca Bressler: Oh, the quadrat.
alfred: The drop down for the different. Templates and generated. Like ironing. That would be awesome because I think those are types of. Quick wins, we can start doing without the entire, you know, improving that navigation.
Becca Bressler: I think the quota reset thing on you, we should think about. I don't know if that was in here.
Bernie Sanders: Like, how do we alert people?
Becca Bressler: Because they're going to stop looking at the tab.
Becca Bressler: How do we alert people that their quota reset? So I would definitely prioritize that.
Bernie Sanders: Yeah. I think it's because, like, Like I was like, oh, like they would just do this, and then once it's not, they would know the quota reset. But if we're not doing this something.
Becca Bressler: Yeah. It's like thinking about another thing.
alfred: Well, I mean, if it resets, it'll show up.
Bernie Sanders: That's another point. Yeah, it would just show up.
alfred: It would just show up.
Becca Bressler: Like it would disappear if they didn't have it here. Yeah. That's a good point.
alfred: I think there's something that could happen. Going back to your point, three dots, like up there. You're out of or even, or even in the tablet you're out of.
Becca Bressler: Because we do want to make people, we do want to make people want the feature when they can't have it.
Becca Bressler: You know what I mean?
Becca Bressler: So, like, not forget about it as a feature that, because they're not aware of. It at all.
Becca Bressler: So, like something that makes them, like, wish that's not the blurred out text, but something else that makes them wish. You know, maybe it's next to the section names. There's like a little audit badge that's red or, you know, I don't know what the solution is, but. Something that makes them want it when they can't have it, that's not really like. Ruining their note experience. Okay. Actually, Anya, we have to hop for garden watering. Can I just, like, follow up with you after? Yeah. For sure. Okay.
Becca Bressler: Anything for me offer before we go?
alfred: Yeah, I can work with that. I'm going to need, like, five minutes. I'm going to be late. Five minutes of water, okay? I'm sort of ready for that.
Becca Bressler: For the writing. Okay.
Marcus Irven: Got it.
Becca Bressler: Circle. Let me circle back with you.
alfred: Okay, sounds good.
Bernie Sanders: Straightforward.
alfred: Thanks.
Bernie Sanders: Thanks. Bye, marcus.
Marcus Irven: Okay?