Jackson Bierfeldt: Hi, eric.
Eric Wong: How's it going?
Jackson Bierfeldt: Good. Nice to see you.
Eric Wong: Nice to see you guys.
Jackson Bierfeldt: On the line here. He's our head of engineering, and he also took a look through your project. So, yeah, thanks so much for putting that together. And I think we kind of wanted to just use the time here for you to formally present it to us. We both did take a look at the repo and get a chance to read through the doc, so you don't need to do the full thing. But we kind of want to see it working and just hear mostly about the decisions you made while you were doing it, what you considered, and then ultimately didn't do that kind of stuff. And then, yeah, we'll just ask you some other questions and have a conversation around the whole thing.
Eric Wong: Yeah, for sure. Here's code. Do you want me to share my screen and do some demos?
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah, I think that makes the most sense, for sure.
Eric Wong: Here we are.
Marcus Irven: Did you call the name John Coder? Was that something that we had put in?
Eric Wong: I came up with that one.
Marcus Irven: Amazing. You're hired already? Fit right in everything here.
Marcus Irven: You understand our naming scheme?
Eric Wong: So it looks like I'm going to have to rejoin the meeting to go ahead.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Cultural fit.
Eric Wong: Okay? So here we go. It's still telling. Oh, I need to restart helium. Sorry, one more second.
Jackson Bierfeldt: No worries. Helium. The kids these days, they don't use normal browsers like they used to.
Marcus Irven: Crazy world.
Eric Wong: Okay. I think we're good. Yes, we are good now. Awesome. Okay? So, like I said before, here is jot code. So at first, when I read the design documents, I wasn't really that familiar with what you guys needed. I was not familiar with reusable project templates. I wasn't familiar with the idea that. To be fair, I didn't really use Claude code for much. Besides, I use it for research and stuff. I have agents for research, for coding, but that's. Primarily all the work that I do anyways because I'm a CS student, so I wasn't really familiar with using it for things like payment remediation. Performance reviews and all this stuff. But I did some research, and the design document helped a lot. It was very specific. And what you guys wanted, a very lightweight framework in order to kind of allow your employees to do what they wanted and make templates so that they could share it with other people. Here's job code. So let's try to download J code and see in action. Okay, so I'm going to. Make a new. I'm just going to go into one of my random repositories.
Jackson Bierfeldt: And we're going to try. Just so you know, we can only see the terminal window, I think.
Jackson Bierfeldt: I don't know if you're trying to show us something else right now, but we can't see.
Eric Wong: Would an IDE be more helpful? It is just the terminal window.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Whatever you want to show, I mean, but. Sorry, it just sounded like you were expecting us to see something we couldn't. But, yeah, go ahead.
Eric Wong: No, this will be it. I can show you guys a VS code window if that'll be, like, more engaging.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Though.
Eric Wong: Give me a sec.
Jackson Bierfeldt: No, we're good. You can also just share the whole screen if you want.
Eric Wong: Yeah, okay. The entire screen. Okay, so. Sorry, guys. Give me a second. I apologize.
Jackson Bierfeldt: This is an important task to see how you organize things.
Eric Wong: Okay? Here we are. So here we see we have a very average repo for this project that I'm working on called Meal Match. I can elaborate on that if you guys want, but that's not really relevant. So basically what we're going to do is we're going to set up jot code first. We're going to start. By setting up a ven. I have some instructions here on the side. That we're going to run through. Source. Okay? Awesome. Code. Okay, so, as you can see, we just install job code into our repo. So we're going to first verify that stuff works. Chuck, code version. How much time do we have for this demonstration, by the way?
Jackson Bierfeldt: We have, like, another 20 minutes, but we want to ask some questions, too, okay?
Eric Wong: Yeah. Okay, sure. So let's say I want to do something like Payer extraction. So I want to see. I have some client details in here, and I want to see. I want to use the pair extraction template. So first we're. Going to do jot code init. So ja code init will pull in all the available templates that we have in a shared template repo. This is shared across all. There's a GitHub repo that's set up that is JA called Jaco Templates. And so whenever maybe Jackson creates a new template that's based on, let's say, this demo, then Marcus can pull this in just by saying Jacqueline and then jot code. Pull. As we can see, our templates are already installed. We can use J code or to reinstall them. So we can see that we have pair extraction, performance review, template training. And then we can also see that. In here. Yeah. So they're in Jaco templates. We can list our templates. There's a couple just, like, commands that I want to run through. There's stuff like jaw code list. This will list the templates that we have as well as their descriptions. We can say, like, jaw code search, and then let's say I want to search for something in regards to Payer. Right, let's say we like 15 different templates, 50 different templates, and we want to see something that similar to the Payer stuff. So we have of course, just pair extraction and then it's tagged by Payer extraction, PDF and clinical. So you can set custom tags and you can you can. You can see all the templates that are related to one thing. Yeah. Next. Let's see. We will start to instantiate a new project now. So first we're going to do Jaco New Payer extraction. And this is also all as simple as simply, let's actually just maybe use Claude for this.
Jackson Bierfeldt: You're reading my mind.
Eric Wong: Right. So, yeah, you don't even have to use the CLAUDE code. Cli. Let's see, we're going to say just to familiarize CLAUDE with this real quick, we have a JOT code repo, that is a project scaffolding tool just to, like, get it into its memory and you can set rules for this, like in cloud in the future, like within your global directory files, not just the project files. Like whenever there's a new project, then you know, use JOT code and use the CLI commands within Java code to instantiate projects. Of course, mine is not set up in that way right now. But that is something you could hypothetically do. That's something that would just make this entire process a lot easier if you wanted that. You know, that very natural language sort of way to say, like, oh, make a new project for me for payer extraction, or make a new performance review project for me. But for now, we'll just say we have a Chaco Rico repo. That is a project scaffolding tool. Use its content to instantiate a new project. Or acme. Clinic under template payer extraction.
Jackson Bierfeldt: You type to your cloud a lot more. Politely than I do.
Eric Wong: Yeah.
Jackson Bierfeldt: I'm at the point where I'm just like, go figure this out now. Do it. And, you know, I give it almost no context, and somehow it still works.
Eric Wong: Yeah. Sometimes I talk to Cloud like that. Like, or like, when it's. I'm a little bit less patient. I will just. This past weekend, weekend, I was at another hackathon and it was like 4:00am and then of course, at 4:00am at that point you're just like, you know, like this broken. Fix and then that's it.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah. What was the hackathon?
Eric Wong: It was the Y Combinator X browser use Web agents hackathon. It was really fun. Me and my friend flew out to SF for it.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Oh, cool. Place. Did you guys come in?
Eric Wong: We came in third overall. We won some Minis and, like, just a bunch of credits. It was really.
Jackson Bierfeldt: That's so cool.
Eric Wong: Yeah. I'm excited to set it up later today. We're going to get open cloud running.
Jackson Bierfeldt: That's great.
Eric Wong: Yeah. So Claude is just getting familiar. This is like a. Just like an initialization thing. Okay, great. So Claude created our project. So we have a readme template docs, we have the harness. We have an NV example that's already filled with. Here we are. Let's check this out. We have an nd example that's already set with. With. With specific stuff. We have our Claude local settings configurated, which will tie into our notion MCP server, which is very important for later. We have. Documents for, you know, just a wide variety of documents. Let's say, you know, like whatever PDF you have, whatever CSV files you have, whatever client data, you can just drop it into documents. And it might be a little bit cluttered. Just drop it all into documents, which you can do is you can just ask Claude. To rearrange them into further categories later down the line if it's a little bit too messy for you. Also output, of course, like, you know, new new pairs extraction documents. Yeah.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Great. Eric, I'm just going to cut in here. And ask. You know, one of the things I'm particularly interested in is how you think we should solve the. You know, how we have, like, the engine and the fuel idea here, this GitHub repo and this library or this little cli tool that can, like, create the scaffolding and sync it, really. Solves the, like, engine part of things. But, you know, what if I am working on, you know, a clinic, and I have 840 PDFs that contain, you know, private patient information that I need in there because I need Claude to be able to, like, work with them. And I wanted to say, Marcus, can you. Work on this same thing with me. And he and I, you know, we have different setups, but we need to share those, like, 800 PDFs, but we don't want to, like, version control them. How. How should we think about that kind of situation here?
Eric Wong: Yeah, sure. There's a. There's. There's. There's stuff like shared. Shared drives. So there's Google Drives that you can link a shared project to. So, for example, there can be something like an Acme Clinic repo on your. Like a project on your computer, and then you can make one. That's ACME linked so that, you know, you guys have it a little bit separated. So you guys are not, like, maybe colliding into the same. Into the same stuff and working on the same repo. So on your computer, it'll be ACME Clinic and then the shared repo that you guys. Control will be Acme linked, and then that will, like, connect to a shared Google Drive that you can, you know, have your documents in that you guys say, no, pull from the shared Google Drive. That is connected to this project. Additionally, like you said for notion there will be when you initiate projects it'll bring initiate this project. Project and notion URL. Code will automatically initialize a notion page for you and just give you a link to it so that you guys can immediately have a link. And it has like a small amount of pre filled things. I wasn't necessarily sure what would be in the oh no. Okay, maybe I just have an example of a notion, like a generated notion page here. Okay?
Jackson Bierfeldt: It's okay if you can't find it.
Eric Wong: If you kind of.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah, you can just walk us through it. You don't need to go get all the tokens and everything.
Eric Wong: Okay, sure, sure, sure, sure. Yeah. So like I said, as far as, like, engine fuel separation, if you have 800 PDFs. Like I said, there are shared Google Drives. You guys can share projects, everything. That is not the way that I designed it. Was that, like, Fuel files were a lot harder to distinguish and a lot like, you know, they come in like 800 different possible formats like you said, you know, PDF, CSVs, just random documents like Excel, like Docx, all that. It's very hard to keep track of. And the name's also vary by a lot. So I thought it would just be easier to do. It's kind of like a loop that, like, you know. Quick, quick terminates or short circuits, like, basically, we're going to just identify all the engine pieces and then we're going to leave everything else that's not an engine.
Jackson Bierfeldt: To be a fuel.
Eric Wong: I just thought that that would be easier.
Jackson Bierfeldt: When. When would we be doing that? Why you're talking about like the asking Claude to differentiate the different files.
Eric Wong: No, no, no, no, Claude, wouldn't. That would just be a jot code thing. That would you. That would be you JOT code export. You know, like acme, Acme Linked or ACME Clinic. Oh, I see. This. And then you can share this instance of the project with or this template of the project with. Marcus.
Eric Wong: So this is like sharing aspect then. Ja. Code itself would identify. It's like there's probably file linting functions in here that would just identify everything. That starts with very classic project and there's like there, there, there's like a fuel template pretty much that the Linter will look for and. Then you can add, you can edit it as well. Like. So, if you want, hypothetically, in the future, you guys update your templates and you want, you know, all files under. Let's say, let's say like payment, something like that. To be considered as engine from now on. Then you can go and edit that. Everything is customizable, everything's modular. You can make a new template yourself. It's as easy as just telling make a new template. Called. What do you want to do? Let's say zoom. Meeting transcripts. I don't know if.
Marcus Irven: That's accurate, but.
Eric Wong: Job code. And then it'll, like. It'll pop. It'll populate something that's, like, similar to what you would be doing for this. It'll create, like a new. A new. A new harness. It'll create a new, you know, NV file that you might need for, you know, maybe, like, there's, like a. There's some API that you might need for this, and then it'll be like, you know. Like it'll. It'll ask for your zoom API key or something. It'll have, like, an NV file, and they have everything ready to go for you to share this to Marcus or vice versa.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Here's a question. What do you do you anticipate the hardest part of using this being for non technical people?
Eric Wong: Do I anticipate this being? No, no, I don't think so. Because this is like as. As long as Claude has the documents. As long as Claude is familiar with Jotcode itself, Claw can do every single one of these. These things for you. Like, you can type to it in natural language like you wanted. Like, you know, like, make this project. Payment extraction. Make this performance review project and add Marcus. Like if there's a notion document that has somewhere Marcus's email. Like if you share a project with Marcus before at some email they can say make this and then share it with Marcus. Share it with like Melissa Peter. You know, whoever it might be.
Marcus Irven: How is Claude familiar with Jatcode? Is that something that included this?
Eric Wong: Yeah, it's so like at the beginning. I don't know if you saw. I had to like, tell kind of Claude what Jacob was. But like you said, like, you can go to the global settings, the global config for your Claude. You can just write in drop in your global like Cloud MD when you want to do new projects related to jobs like use jot code for project templates and then it'll write in all the rules. It'll go to the jaw code, you know, because you have it installed in your in your repo
Marcus Irven: Is that something that could have been added to this so that people, like everybody gets set up for free?
Eric Wong: Yeah, yeah. I just didn't do it because I was designing it. You could definitely write it in the jaw code settings to instantly add itself as the de facto method for creating project templates when you install it. That is something that. That can be done. So that it automatically configures itself immediately when you cold start it from a new computer. Yeah.
Marcus Irven: Cool.
Jackson Bierfeldt: All right, Marcus, you go ahead.
Marcus Irven: Yeah, well, I was going to ask it. I was looking at your repo, and it looks like. I like that you did some research on, you know, other, like, template. Libraries or frameworks out there that you could have, like, leveraged. Again, tell me a little bit about that kind of process and, like, why you ended up what, what it was that differentiated what we needed versus what was kind of out there.
Eric Wong: Yeah, yeah, for sure. So if I remember the current, like cookie. Cookie cutter. Cookie cutter. I don't remember the other ones. I just remember cookie cutter because that's like the main one, but cookie cutter and all these other project template creation, sharing and, you know, these type of files are one not really familiar. Like, primarily, they're not familiar with how Claude works. So you want like a. Very coordinated way in order to do things, because you operate in cloud code, right? So this project template, like system needs an innate awareness of how Claude operates in each project globally, how it has its preferences, how it works underneath the hood. Like, it has config files, there's settings files, there's like, specific things. That Claude has, you know, memory. There's a memory md. There are, you know, local settings, config files that you need to configure for Claude. And cookie cutter would just do none of these things for you. So when you have, like, something that is more coordinated, you can just go, you know, go into. A new repo, Claude. Instantiate this, it'll instantly know what to do. Whereas if you're setting up cookie cutter project, it'll be more like before when I was just doing it on my own, like, oh, ja code initiaco knew Payer extraction. You got to maybe go through all these, like, you know, 40 steps, whereas. In Claude. You can just have a little document. It doesn't actually need more. I think the Jaco init like documentation is already enough. You can just say Claude make this is a payer extraction project for Brookstone Clinic. Set it up. Bang. And then you'll get it done all for you instantly. It's all there for Claw to navigate. Right. There's nothing that you need to do extra. And this is by Jaco's desire to be more cloud code native.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Seems like a good opportunity for someone to make the cookie cutter. Claude code native version. Yeah.
Eric Wong: I mean, yeah. Yeah.
Jackson Bierfeldt: That's great.
Marcus Irven: What? So if you were to, like, kind of keep going with this project, like, what do you think, like, the next feature that would be useful that you would build for this?
Eric Wong: Yeah, sure. Like you guys said, I didn't want to over engineer and I also, I, I thought that like even some stuff, some of the stuff that I was doing as far as like, you know, the jot code pull in order to make, you know, a shared repository with, with new templates, like, you know, like, oh, like. You know, I'm working on a specific template and I want Blank to have it. Now I'm just going to, you know, make this new project. I'm going to pull all these things. I'm going to. I'm going to. I'm going to jaw code export and then make this available. To, you know, blank by sharing it to a shared GitHub repo. I thought that even this was somewhat like, over engineering, like you guys said. This could be something that's done with just frameworks and just like, you know, a couple MD documents. A couple, like, documents really describing how this type of stuff works. But I thought that there were, like, really actually genuinely useful features. Like, you know, having version control for templates, having things where you can be like, oh, like, this new version of this template doesn't work for me. I want the new one or the old one, because, you know, Kaiser Permanente doesn't work. You know it doesn't have this quote, quote section. As far as what, like could be done in the future. Like I said, I think I want to keep it relatively lightweight just so that, you know, you don't really fill up 160k worth of tokens the second that you instantiate a project. You actually have context to work on afterward. You know that 1 million extra usage is super expensive. Even if you saw it like this. Absolutely ridiculous. So yeah, I don't know. I think there's a couple things that I was thinking of to make one template sharing easier also notion documentation easier to kind of like have a maybe. I'm not sure exactly how you guys work in notion, but maybe to have like, you know, big share, like notion, like a brain almost. One thing that we. So at the Hackathon this. This weekend, we worked on a shared routing brain for web agents and it can. We can maybe do something like this for ja code instances on people's machines at Shotsite. So for example, like, you know, you want to know where you can find blank, blank, blank. File on Marcus Jocko templates. For this clinic, then you can just. Clonco can be routed to the notion document. You can extract everything from there, and then it can navigate through the notion in order to work out, like, you know, maybe. There are some payment details that specifically you want to work on. Nobody wants to, you know, like, airdrop or, like, you know, wait for the Google Drive to finish uploading. So it's just like, you know, Claude, pull these documents straight from the Shared Notion file. There's, like, very. There's more like, quality. Of life, things like this that we can do just to make sure, like, you know, literally all you have to do is remain in your cloud code terminal and you can work on this project fully. You don't have to talk to anybody. You don't have to do anything. It's just like, you sit here. And you can just work, get everything done.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah, that sounds lovely. Awesome. We're almost at time and Marcus and I got a got to jump off. But I did just want to ask. One I want to confirm really quick. So you are, if I remember correctly, you already have something that you're doing this summer, but you're looking for something that. That you could do part time over the next quarter.
Eric Wong: Yeah. Okay, great.
Jackson Bierfeldt: And what are you doing over the summer again? Can you just remind me?
Eric Wong: Yeah, I'm working at State Farm on their AI infrastructure team.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Okay. Wow. That'll be fun. Get to see insurance from the other side, too. Okay, great. And then what are you. So you think you'll have maybe like 10 hours a week of availability in the spring quarter? Yeah.
Eric Wong: Yeah, likely more. We'll see. I pre register for a bunch of classes. And I'm not really entirely familiar because one of them is, like, completely new, is a distributed systems class that has never been offered. So I don't really have a gauge for, like, how hard it'll be and how much time I'll spend, but I'll likely have, like, a very good idea. Of this within, like, the first week. And then as well like us as my commitment to a bunch of, like, clubs and stuff. I will. I will. I will know about the first week.
Marcus Irven: Okay, great.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Good to know. Awesome. Well, Eric, thank you so much. We're going to take a look at this, and then we'll be in touch with you shortly about next steps.
Eric Wong: Awesome. Sounds good. Thanks so much.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Thank you so much. I'll make sure that you get paid the the $200. So I'll look for an email soon on that.
Eric Wong: Amazing. Okay, great. Have a good one, guys.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Bye.
Eric Wong: Bye.