jdumakor: Nice to meet you. Nice to meet you too.
Gioia Garden: So. I know it seems like you've been pretty frustrated with the update. Yeah, tell me how this can be helpful today.
jdumakor: So I understand when I log in, I have to change the templates as to what I want it to be to do. Or what I'm looking for, whether it's a progress note or whether it's an intake. I've tried the intake so many times by the end of my session when I complete it. It doesn't give me the intake. It just gives me like a progress. Not. Right. Six of them that has done that. I remember the last time we talked, you said, because it said to default medication management or whatever, but even if I change it at the end of my session, it doesn't, I mean my notes are privacy, so I can pull it, but you will see I do change them, but it doesn't generate what I asked for.
Gioia Garden: Yeah, so when you set up, when you schedule the new appointment in your calendar. You set the appointment type. And then within the appointment type, you select the appropriate template. And it still generates the wrong. Template in the note.
jdumakor: Yeah. Especially with my intakes.
Gioia Garden: Okay. Especially with intakes. So we can do this. Either I can share my screen. And we can just review some of the steps. Or if you feel comfortable, you can share your screen and we can review the steps. Which one would you feel more comfortable with?
jdumakor: You can do your screen.
Gioia Garden: Okay. So. I want to address the template issue. And is there anything else that you have questions about or want help?
jdumakor: I just don't like the abbreviations because what I do where I work, I cannot put the abbreviation in the like symptoms. It will give me X. Right, right. And that's not acceptable. I can do that. Or it can give me. What is the other one that it does. I'm a little tight, so I can't even think straight. Like I don't need the abbreviation. If I need to abbreviate, I want to do it myself. I want to avoid the abbreviations. Yes. I spend time. Correcting the abbreviations, which like I might have symptoms come up. Like. Six times in my subjective and then in my objective. And it gets frustrating trying to correct them, spending my time trying to fix them.
Gioia Garden: Yeah. Yeah. Okay. So we're going to address that. And then is there anything else you want to add to the list?
jdumakor: Anything, what else? I would like the summary and sometimes the plan to be a little better.
Gioia Garden: Okay.
jdumakor: Because sometimes it just generates a vague plan, which is like, okay, this is not even. What we discuss or talk about. I don't know if it's from. The communication or it wasn't recorded properly or couldn't hear my patient. I couldn't hear me. I don't know.
Gioia Garden: Okay. Okay. Okay. Well, let's you can do. Let's start with the template stuff. So I just can you see my screen I just shared it.
jdumakor: Yeah.
Gioia Garden: Yes. Okay, so forgive me. I know this is your calendar probably looks much more.
jdumakor: I don't. I don't do calendar like that. My patients are scheduled daily based on where I work. I do my schedule. I set it up daily. So when they come in, I set my appointment. So it's nothing to do with Canada. I don't use this. I don't use the calendar. So each morning when my patients come in, I go to the recording to record my patients. So I don't use the calendar.
Gioia Garden: Okay. So your workflow looks something like this. You press record.
jdumakor: Yes.
Gioia Garden: And then you set the patient. So let's say. Richard Testing, just a made up patient I have here. You do this and then you set the appointment type to be, let's say an intake. Yeah. And let's see. Hold on.
jdumakor: So you see how you have the blue and the orange. Some of mine. I don't even know if the color coordination matters. Some is orange, some is blue. I don't know. But I never even do medication management. I just go to progress node or the intakes and the intakes are what I'm having issues with because the system in this intake should not give the summary it gives me. I'm like, okay, I need more than this one. And if I don't write them, the first two realize I was short of the information. So I started writing them some of the things that I need. Or typing in in the where I work. I have a template for intake as well. So I started typing in that template. That is the only reason I was able to get the information that I need. Because at the end of the war was generated like some of it did not capture at all.
Gioia Garden: Yes. Okay. Okay. So there are a few things I want to hit on then. And some of this might not pertain to you and you can just say so. So when you set the appointment type. Can you click, do you ever click that little arrow? I'm going to go back to this. Do you ever click this little pencil? And then, as you can see. So like, and I'm just using medication management as an example of an appointment type. Right now there's, I don't have a default note template for it. But if I wanted it to always come out as a soap note or, you know, if I always wanted the like psychiatric intake to come up or something like that, like those templates, I could set as the default. Do you know if your appointment type. Is set to have the appropriate template default.
jdumakor: So I decided not to set anything as a default because each patient I see varies. So one can be medication, one can be intake, one can be, I work in a correctional setting. So my patient population is different. So I cannot set anything as a default. I have to change them based on who's coming in.
Gioia Garden: Okay. And so in your workflow, you set the appointment type, you set the template based on who you're seeing. Right. And make any other changes. Update. And still when you press, you do your session. Recording, it still generates the wrong template.
jdumakor: Yeah. The medication and the soap notes, the progress note, I mean, some of the summary, it's okay. And I don't have issues about it. But like I said, it's the intake which is longer. And sometimes it will not give me social, it will not give me family. It will not, it was summer summarize it and then note and then leave some information out. But the social, the. I can, I forgot like those information I cannot have left out. I need that part of the template.
Gioia Garden: Right, right. Okay. So then, and when you notice that that information is left out, do you ask the AI editor to include that content? And I want to, I can show you what I mean. So let's say we did this node with Richard testing. I'm just going to go to an example note. Let's see. Okay. So here's another fake person. I have this note.
jdumakor: And see my nurse don't even break down like that. It doesn't. And you know, when I said it, the reason why I have this is to save time. Right. I don't have time at work. To go asking, hey, I do this, do that. I purposely have this, you know, one funny thing. I don't like ChatGPT, but lately I have to, I'm using that to correct to assist me with this. And that is even free.
jdumakor: And that's where I'm frustrated because that is generated some things that I need and that is free. I'm not paying.
jdumakor: And the one that I'm paying, I'm using it to assist. Like what you have here, my nose don't even generate like that. I would love to see my notes like this, but it doesn't.
Gioia Garden: And when, how is ChatGPT and ChatGPT is helping edit the notes you're making in Jot psych?
jdumakor: Yeah, if I put what you guys give me and I wanted to arrange it, it gives me what I need.
Gioia Garden: Okay, so let's see. I want to. I want to see if we can address that.
jdumakor: So the crazy thing is most of my colleagues are using those and some of them using it for free and some of them sign off with the $20 one. And the reason why I keep just site is I want my nose to be different, especially the word in the language so that everybody is not using the same language. If I'm having this issue and like to tell you the truth, I'm frustrated.
Gioia Garden: Yeah, I think that makes sense. I think that makes a lot of sense to have to feel like
jdumakor: you're see how it has risk, sleep triggers, functioning work, motivation insight. My nose don't even generate like that.
Gioia Garden: Okay, so I want to show you one thing and then I want to get to how we can edit your templates. So one thing is when your notes come up like this, do you ever click? Have you ever clicked these, like these stars over here? Do you see where I'm pointing? No. Okay, so if you click that. Tool, this is essentially the AI editor. So if I were to say. If this were to. Be using something like I wanted it to actually include the content that I know as we discussed about family history, I would type that into here. And I'm not going to do that because it's just going to, I think, waste some, some of our precious time. But a really, really easy example is to say like, so for example, this note is using the word patient. If I was in here and I was like, oh man, I actually want this to use the word, the word client. I would say change. Patient to client. And I put that in the chat. And it's going to analyze. And then as you can see, now this says client. So just like that, it changed. And now it's going to ask me. Would you like to train all four sections to always apply this formatting? Yes, train this because I always, I'm always going to, I know I'm always going to use, you know, client. And I could have said no. But as you can see, it's also in the chat. It's going to track the changes that it's making. And so I use that very, very simple example to sort of demonstrate how this works. So if I were looking at my note and I'm like, man, like, I know. Like I said, like I know we talked about family and it feels very sparse. I could type in here, please elaborate on family history. And I might even say, you know, whatever section I want it to be in, I can be specific and it should respond with that. Does that make sense?
jdumakor: I mean, I get what you're saying. That makes sense. I will try that to see what happens. But like I said, I don't have the time to do that to each patient.
jdumakor: I say the truth. I do not have the time. My time is the issue. Yeah. I feel like in, in a psychiatry intake has. Like my job. We intake has questions and that we ask. And a template is generated. Like you have the triggers, you have the functioning, you have the motivation, insight, race, it's a template. So I feel like if that template is there and that's what is, I need all that in my intake, you know, family history, your sleep, your risk, your panic, all that. And I remember beginning I was before the updates, it was there. It was giving me all that their social stuff, the functioning their family. It was thought that and all of a sudden the update came and that's gone away. I'm like, who does intake without those that part of the information? And boys have to, like I said, that's the part I have to go use ChatGPT for, you know?
Gioia Garden: Yeah, which I see. It feels like, yeah, I would be frustrated with us too. So I want to show you something now. So can you see my arrow at the top? I'm pressing documentation.
jdumakor: Yeah.
Gioia Garden: Okay. So I'm going to go now down to note templates. And have you edited any of your templates, your intake, for example?
jdumakor: I did the last time I spoke with one of your colleagues. We went through this to edit the templates for me to choose that. And that's how come I was getting that stuff and it changed after the day.
Gioia Garden: Okay. I apologize. I. Don't know why I would have changed your templates that you edited. So it might just be that you have to do that again, which again would go to this icon, the stars, the little twinkle stars right here. And then you can. Sorry for as it as it is generating a preview. You can again see. Yeah. So sorry. Okay. So. You know, this psychiatric intake is something I found in the library. You know, you can browse the library of templates that we have. And then you can customize it. So this has a summary chief complaint, HPI medications, medication access, social history, all that.
jdumakor: Yeah. I don't get to change it. I don't get family history. I don't get substance used. It doesn't generate all that for me. But what I'm trying to say is, are you saying that every time there's an update, I have to go and change my templates?
Gioia Garden: No, that shouldn't be happening. I don't know why it happened in your account. And I apologize for that because that should not at all be the case. And I wish I could dig into your account a little bit. And I, but I understand that there's like patient privacy and all that. But. So I apologize because a, that should not have happened and B, this means you probably, you will have to sort of edit the templates that you want again. And so you can say in this editor, you can say, you know, in your case, add social history section below. Substance use section. And then you would add press enter. And the AI generator will, will make that edit on your behalf. And then you can also say please don't you often use please, please don't use any abbreviations. In the template. And it will also take in that, that queue and it will no longer give you should no longer give you abbreviations. You can also say make sure to write out. You know triggers and motivation in XYZ section, things like that just to make sure you are getting exactly what you want. So the AI template builder, again, you get to it. By pressing like little twinkle stars. I'm going to go back. Oh. Another way to edit is also to say, okay, I know I don't really want this. I don't want sleep in here. So you could. Exit out and now a sleep section is gone. Or I know I want mental status exam up here. You can drag and drop. And then, you know, you just press save.
jdumakor: So you see what you just did. This template, do you see social history, family history, medical history?
Gioia Garden: Yes.
jdumakor: Okay.
Gioia Garden: And this was, again, this was a psychiatric intake that I found using browse library down here at the bottom left.
jdumakor: Okay.
Gioia Garden: And the thing is, you also mentioned that you're some of your settings have their own intakes. So you could go through that intake and say, okay, they have this specific section that they, that they like. Maybe, you know, whatever it is, you can, let's see, let me go back. You can say, okay, I want to add this section at the bottom. You kind of hover here. And you press add section. And maybe find, you know, I also want to add. Whatever it is. Clinician to dos. I'm going to add that.
jdumakor: Why did you add?
Gioia Garden: I just added this clinician to do. And then if I say, and then, you know. It'll sort of give me example. But then, you know, again, the best way to maybe edit this broadly is to press these stars. And it goes back to the template builder and you make your suggestion, your requests. However, if you have, if one of your settings has their own template that. You want to just drag and drop into here, they can make jot site can make it. So like. As part of its system.
jdumakor: So.
Gioia Garden: Let's see upload a template. I'm going to go over here bottom left. And let's see one second. Let me just find something. I have a discharge summary note that I'm going to drag and drop into here for my files. And now I'm going to say create template. And so AI is doing its thing. This might take a minute, but I basically just took a PDF of a discharge summary note that I know I like to use, but I couldn't find in the library. And I just dropped that file into this. Into that little box. And. It should in just a moment generate a discharge summary note template. So. Thanks for your patience with this. I know it's not fun to see. All this loading. Ah, okay. So now I have this treatment episode summary, the diagnoses, presenting problem and assessment termination status and reason. Post termination plan, all that. And then if I were to say, okay, yes, this is perfect. Done. I know this is what my setting likes to use. I just press save. If I want to make edits though, I would make edits just the way I would do any other template. Does that make sense?
jdumakor: Yeah.
Gioia Garden: Okay. And like I said, for all of these, you can put into the AI editor. Do not use abbreviations in any section. And it should respond. It should make that change and apply it. And you might have to do it for multiple templates. Whatever templates you use, but it should apply them to all future nodes. And then if you have pass notes that you've already done. You'd open up the AI editor and say remove all. Abbreviations.
jdumakor: Now, if I've seen a patient already and the patient is coming out for follow up. Instead of generating another recording, how do I continue with the patient? The patient is like, like I have a patient already saving my notes and I'm seeing the patient again. Let's say this is snow. I saw a month ago. A patient is coming back. And I want to continue that note. How do I do that?
Gioia Garden: Like you start a new note?
jdumakor: Yeah. How do I do a follow-up note that day from my previous visit?
Gioia Garden: So, okay, tell me if this, if this is answering your question or not. I want to make sure I get it. So I would go, I just saw, you know, N snow a month ago and they're back. I open. I'd go to patients. I'd find them and, you know, snow. I'd find them in the list. Open it up. I have their chart here. Patient diagnoses pass encounters over here, things like that. I would press record now. Because you're not using the schedule. So I just go to record now. And I would. Double check. Okay. Like, yes, it's that the correct appointment type is set up. And then I would press start recording.
jdumakor: Okay.
Gioia Garden: Does that. Does that answer your question?
jdumakor: All right, I'll try it and see what comes up. We'll see. Okay.
Gioia Garden: Okay. And then. You mentioned you want the plan and summary to be more robust. It's too vague right now. That would be something I would add specifically to your template edits with that AI generator say, make sure the summary is detailed in paragraph form. Or if you prefer bullet points, you could say, make sure the summary is in bullet points very detailed, something like that. Because you can even, you can even change the formatting.
jdumakor: Okay, I will try it. I'll let you know.
Gioia Garden: Okay. Okay. Anything, anything else? Before I wrap up that I can help with or show you.
jdumakor: That's about it for now. I'll try to see what happens. I will send you an email if it's anything else comes up.
Gioia Garden: Okay. Okay, great. Thank you so much for your time. I deeply apologize for how difficult it's been to get in touch with us and the frustration that JotSite has been giving you. We definitely don't want you to feel like you have to supplement with ChatGPT. So trying these new steps, please, please feel free to just reach out if they're not working or if you have more questions on top of it. We're actively working on making sure our response time is much faster. So don't hesitate to reach out. Please.
jdumakor: Okay.
Gioia Garden: Okay. Okay. Thank you, Jennifer.
jdumakor: All right.
Gioia Garden: All right.