jeremykanter: Pretty good.
Becca Bressler: So you got a chance to glance at the project.
Becca Bressler: Yeah, and mostly make sense. I mean, there's probably some specifics around the different features that we could talk through.
jeremykanter: I think. Mostly for me. This document looks really helpful. I think the questions I'll have, I'll need to look at it more carefully. I want to, you know, see what we're going to talk about today. A few questions already, but I think questions are going to be coming over the course of start working on this.
Becca Bressler: Awesome. Hey, marcus.
Marcus Irven: Hey. Hey. Good to meet you. Jeremy.
jeremykanter: Hey, nice to meet you.
Becca Bressler: Jeremy I think this is mostly going to be like intros and then giving other people an opportunity to like add additional context. I know you need some time to like probably soak it in before you have additional questions and so like where all a resource. I'm your go to primary person. But yeah, so this shouldn't last, like an hour.
jeremykanter: Okay?
Becca Bressler: Hello, jackson.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Hey, good morning. Hi, Jeremy. Nice to meet.
jeremykanter: Nice to meet you.
Becca Bressler: Let me ping nate and alfred.
Marcus Irven: Hey, Jeremy, were you located?
jeremykanter: Pittsburgh.
Marcus Irven: Okay?
jeremykanter: What about too far?
Marcus Irven: I'm in new york, in the hudson valley.
jeremykanter: Where?
Marcus Irven: At. New pulse.
jeremykanter: Okay.
Marcus Irven: My brother lives in Kay. I'm just done there. Done. The highway from Kingston.
jeremykanter: Okay, nice.
Marcus Irven: Small world.
Becca Bressler: Okay, let me just see if Nate has, like, a meeting before this that he might be. Stuck in.
Marcus Irven: Looks like you marked himself as.
Becca Bressler: Oh, optional. Okay. Or maybe. Okay, cool.
Becca Bressler: Let's kick this off. So, guys, Jeremy and I talked yesterday.
Becca Bressler: I gave him kind of like a high level sense of this project. So he's walking in here with some context, but I really just want to take this time to do intros. And give others an opportunity to provide, like, additional context to the project. And I can go over it at, like, I can go through it again just to kind of refresh people's memories, but just, like, starting with the intro stuff to not put Jeremy on the spot immediately. Let's start with our team. Marcus, you want to.
Marcus Irven: You want to kick intros off. Yeah. I'm Marcus. I lead our small little engineering team here. I already told you where I live, so we'll be. We'll be working. Working closely together, I think, on this. Good to meet you.
jeremykanter: Cool.
Marcus Irven: Alfred.
alfred: Hi, Jeremy.
jeremykanter: Alfred.
alfred: I'm here in New York in Brooklyn. I'm, I guess, a front end engineer for just like Full Stack issue at this point.
Marcus Irven: Hashtag Full Stack.
alfred: But yeah, looking forward to working with you.
Becca Bressler: Alfred's probably the closest thing we have to designer that's on staff. Yeah.
Jackson Bierfeldt: I don't know. I've put some rounded corners on things before. I'm Jackson. I'm one of the co founders and on the cto, and I work mostly right now kind of as a forward deployed engineer on all of our billing stuff. I work pretty closely right now with a bunch of our practices that are starting to do the whole RCM part of our application. And I'm kind of embedded in those processes right now.
Jackson Bierfeldt: So you'll see the way that the team is structured is that Becca, Marcus, Alfred are kind of, like, working more on the core product while I'm, like, building little experiments out. In the billing land, and then we, you know, try to funnel those in.
Jackson Bierfeldt: So that's important context for, you know, this project, because part of what we struggle to do is communicate the discovery of new things, integrating new stuff into the, like, existing framework that we have, making things feel familiar, all of that, I'm sure. You've read all the context, but, you know, I'm. I'm a big part of the problem, I guess I would say.
Becca Bressler: Don't say that. Cool, jeremy.
Marcus Irven: I'll get over to you.
jeremykanter: Yeah, I'm Jeremy. I'm a product designer. I've been doing this for about 15 plus years, mostly at two different startups. So the first one I was at, I got involved without a college. It was a sports technology startup. We basically ended up making the apps for most pro sports teams in North America and the major leagues that you can think of the crazy thing to be involved in, like, straight out of college. After that I was at Ford Motor Company for one year, realized I did not like the big corporate environment and came back to my second startup which was actually co founded by one of my original team members from the first company and we made an app called Gridwise which was to help. Gig workers like rideshare drivers and delivery workers to earn more money, manage their finances and businesses. So. That sort of did not have like the storybook ending I was hoping for. And for last year, I've been freelancing and really looking for clients that are building products that just help make the world a better place and help people do their jobs more efficiently. So really excited to get started here. And yeah, I'm based in Pittsburgh. Yeah, that's me.
Becca Bressler: Awesome. Alfred worked at MLB for a long time, so also has some sports background too.
jeremykanter: Ok, like mlb is it. I forget what they're. What was it called over there?
alfred: It was mlfam, right?
jeremykanter: Yeah. Okay. Okay. That's awesome. I'm very familiar with that.
Becca Bressler: Awesome. So team. I don't know how if everyone read the project deeply in a cursory level or whatever, but just to kind of give this, like, broad story of what we're doing here. As Jackson mentioned, we have a problem with feature discovery, with rollouts, and we have a ton coming up. And I think that one of the key challenges we have generally is just like, making people aware of new features.
Becca Bressler: Helping them understand what they do and what the value prop is and then making it easy for them to get started with it. Sometimes that might require setup, sometimes that might not require setup, sometimes that requires, like, set up before they can even Anyways, and so the document here that I, like, put together and we need help with it crucially. So the document I put together, I think, like, in thinking about the different features that we have and our upcoming, there's kind of a taxonomy of the different types of rollouts we have and the different types of feature releases we have. So one of those to go to give some concrete examples, we have something like JOTRX eprescription, you know, and this is something where we want our users to be made aware of it, know what it is, but it needs to be purchased before they can even start the onboarding process. And not only does it need to be purchased, but the configuration of it is split across different roles. You know, so you have your clinic owner doing one role and then the clinicians doing other. So that has its own unique set of challenges. We then have a rollout type where, let's say the form, you know, form builder or whatever. We give people the ability to, like, send forms to their clients. You know, this is a feature where, you know, if we release it, we want people to know what it does, know the value prop, and they're able to use it immediately. They don't have to purchase it first, but they do have to set up they have to, like, create a communication setup to make sure, like, their phone number is, you know, in our system. There's, like, a couple other settings, and then they can start using it, but then they hit a paywall after a certain amount of time. Right. And so that's kind of like one type of rollout. Of a new feature that then, you know, we're wanting to, like, drive people into a conversion funnel, and then there's, like, a third type. Which is something like jaw audit. So a more new a recent feature we had, which I think I was telling you about yesterday, but basically a tool that helps that audits our clinicians notes. So basically tells them what might what an insurance company might flag and not pay them for and gives them the tools to address it. Before they finish it. Right. This is a feature that, you know, we release. We want people to be made aware of it, understand what it does. And then they can start using it immediately. There's no set of required. And then they, you know, eventually hit a paywall, and we want to be able to, like, drive them into the conversion. So, you know, this document spells out, like, what I think are those kind of three main buckets, and I think we need help with all of it. And I think just creating some sort of a system that we can return to, because as we roll out new features, they'll likely fit into one of those three buckets. I think the goal of this project is to not only, like, have, like, a system of repeatable, you know, patterns and flows of how we roll things out, but I think, you know, of the examples I've given you or, you know, features we've already rolled out, and I even think. It'd be useful to go back to those three and get some sort of low, low, medium five wireframe so we can kind of just see what it would look like in the future when a new feature comes up. And we can be like, ok, it's this kind, you know, it's rollout number. One, it's roll a number two and just, like, give us kind of a framework for thinking about how to roll it out. So. I want. No worries. Nate. I want to give the rest of the team, and they may not have things to add here, you know, that may come up as we go, and people are, like, giving feedback. And I think you and I can talk, just the two of us, about, like, process. You know, we move fast here, so ideally we could see stuff. In a week or see things earlier to iterate on. But I think in a week's time, it would be really cool for us to, like, have all three of those and be like, okay, great. We have this, like, ready to go for when we roll something out. I do want. And then quickly, actually, I do kind of want to just like, Alfred, I think, is going to be, like, a really great resource for, like, getting you up to speed on, like, you know, what components we use. I think he can probably direct you towards, like, a Figma file that has some of this stuff we need. We need to make sure you're on our Team Figma account. If you aren't already. So. So that's definitely a to do to get you up and running. But I do want to give other people a chance to kind of weigh in here if they have things to add about the problem, about constraints. Engineering constraints they want you to be made aware of.
Becca Bressler: So does that all make sense? Do people. Did that cover? Thumbs up, I guess. Thumbs down, maybe.
jeremykanter: Okay, good.
alfred: I'll jump in if that's all right. I think. One of the things we we currently use the Material UI library. For essentially all of our work. So ideally, we have a. We have a version of it that has our theme ready embedded in it. And ideally, you know, when you're working, you're using these components as a starting ground rather than rebuilding things. And, you know, if we need to create new components, we can create new components, that's fine.
alfred: But again, ideally, we're not building different buttons and different things and different, you know, and we have some sort of. Some sort of. You know? Uniformity. One of the things that we're trying to get there at least. But then, having said that, if there are things that we should be creating, let's also think about creating them. For reusable, you know, in that. Reusable in that sense. So one of the things that I want to do that we have yet to do is to connect our wrappers and our rappers and our own components back into the figma.
alfred: So when we pull from the Figma MCP server to build out or, you know, the components and whatnot. Where they're already linked to the primitives that we have in the application and kind of make. Make development faster. So, you know, there's another designer part time Anya. I don't know if you've met with her, but at some point I do think it'd be good for, for you guys. To talk. And because that shared, you know, that shared design system file kind of becomes your guys's purview and, you know, want to make sure that you guys are. Properly communicating and not stepping on toes and that sort of thing.
alfred: There are things you believe we still need to do at a global level and all that stuff. So anything that you can see there as you're working on stuff, I think it's also beneficial, but probably not priority. Yeah, like. Like I said, you know, I'm here for anything. And I'm sure we'll be collaborating on stuff as well.
Marcus Irven: I'll just add one thing that's sort of on my mind on this is like. Our application is becoming, you know, a lot more complex with, you know, these add ons and a la carte type type offerings. And obviously that's why we're, we're having to look at it. But something to keep in mind and like our priorities, of course, be on giving our users the best experience. As possible. But I, I am a little bit worried as it becomes even more complicated about how us as employees can reason about the product. And if it is really like this person gets a completely different experience than this person, that it's really hard from us, from a customer support, it's hard for us when we test things. So I don't know. I just want to, like, keep that in the back of our minds as we're building things like how can we give the users the best experience, but also keep the products easy to reason about it as it becomes more complicated? I don't know how that translates exactly, but. Just, it is something that is worrying me and keeps me up at, at night a little bit. Just like, okay, as we build things, it becomes even. You know, if there's infinite number of ways that a customer can experience, how do we like, understand that as engineers, but also just as like employees here? So just keep that.
Marcus Irven: In the back of your mind.
Marcus Irven: I think that's great.
Becca Bressler: Yeah.
jeremykanter: Yeah. Excellent.
Jackson Bierfeldt: I just have a question. Oh, sorry.
jeremykanter: Jeremy, you go first. I had a couple, like, questions that were kind of like, in the line of the UI frameworks and figma and stuff like that. So I wonder if this a good time to, like, ask those?
Becca Bressler: Sure.
jeremykanter: Okay. The. The design framework was. Definitely something I was going to ask about. So good to know. It's material. One of the things I was like. Hoping to find, like, in Figma because it's hard for me to, like, get all the in it, all the different states when I'm just, like, clicking around in the app myself. But, like, I'm very curious about, like, the, the various different. States and levels that the, you know, the home screen just goes through as you're through, like the onboarding and stuff like that. So hopefully, is that something that is available in figma?
alfred: Home screen. You mean like the dashboard of the application? There's a lot of things that are not in figma.
jeremykanter: Okay.
alfred: I might have. You know, if you're. If you want to. If at any point you want to walk through the different states and all that stuff, we can just. Just ping me and we can take some time. And go through that, you know, and at that point, Actually, you know what? I take it back. The dashboard might be in figma.
jeremykanter: Part of it.
alfred: Probably not the final version, but at least a good starting point. If you want to. If you want to look at that. Let me. Let me find a bit.
jeremykanter: Yeah, okay. No worries.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah, but one answer to your question embedded there, Jeremy, is you should just make like three different jot psych accounts and we'll. Put them into different modes, and you're just going to have to explore the app a little bit. Live. That's just going to be one of the.
Jackson Bierfeldt: One of the things we all do. It's how we, like, access things right now, in the future. You're right. There probably is some, like, other way to do it, but right now, that's just where most of it lives.
jeremykanter: Okay. Yeah, that works, too. Yeah, it was just. That that was something I was like, I live in messing around. I'm like, okay, like, it's going to be very difficult to get into all these different states just from here. So, like, as long as there's. Yeah.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Some way to do it, all of us developers, we have, like, you know, Jackson +1. @jotsych.com Jackson +2 and then, like, one of them's the organization leader. One of them is just a billing admin, one of them is a front desk person. So you kind of do just have to create four accounts, give them the four roles, and then, like, have five windows open and interact. In that way, but I'm sure you're familiar with that.
jeremykanter: Yeah. Yeah. I literally just made one of those last night. Trying to see what it was like to, like, invite a new person to a practice. So.
Becca Bressler: So, yeah, and we'll probably need to help you with some of it. So, like, if you hitting a paywall, right, so that you don't have to create, like, 40 notes in order to see the audit paywall for. Example, we can, you know, help with that as well. Just kind of zooming you ahead.
jeremykanter: Yeah, and like, like signing up with some of the features that require, like, further sign up and a lot and information and like, will you be able to, like, give me, I don't know, like, fake ID numbers or whatever that need to go in there to, like, get me through those processes? Or, like.
Becca Bressler: So the form stuff is like your. You can put your information. Basically, you don't need, like, clinic information. For JoTRx, the ePrescription, we have dummy data to, like, walk you through.
jeremykanter: And so, yeah, Great. Okay. I think that was all I have on that for now, I think.
Becca Bressler: Jackson. Were you going to jump in? At some point I thought maybe you were, but I don't know.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah, I just wanted to hear from you, Jeremy, a little bit on, like, what your AI enabled workflow looks like these days, you know, because one of the things that we work on a lot right now as a product team is, you know, we're kind of at the point where we're like, all right, none of us are really writing lines of code anymore. It's all about how we're using these tools to do things faster. How do we bring in context, how do we make it so that we can develop an internal system that knows about our design and knows about our code base and knows about the customers and what they complain about so that we can just, like, keep that iteration loop fast. And I'm just curious, like, what skills you're bringing into.
jeremykanter: Yeah. I think a decent amount of familiarity with, like, the AI products. Like, it's been a weird time. To be freelancing and not, like, embedded in a product team as all this is, like, happening. So I have not been on a team where you're using those kind of tools, like, on a product of this size. So I'm curious to learn about how that's working. But I have, you know, used AI tools to help me, you know, build, you know, small side projects and stuff like that. So I'm, like, you know, fairly familiar with, like, what the can and can't do. And kind of how they need to be guided through projects and stuff like that, so.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Okay, great. And then do you have any, like, front end web development background yourself?
jeremykanter: I am fairly familiar with HTML and css. Like, pretty comfortable, like, writing HTML and CSS for, you know, at the basic, like, component level. Now at low, like, massive, like, product level, but definitely, like, you know, understanding of, like, HTML and CSS technologies and layout conventions and things like that. Yeah, that's probably the extent of it.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Okay, cool. Yeah, I was just curious just to modulate the, like, communication level, you know, how. How we should treat that, so that's helpful.
Becca Bressler: Nate, I don't know if you want to weigh in or no pressure, if you have, like, things to add or not, but.
Nathan Peereboom: No, I just am coming from. I didn't hear the first part. I don't want to repeat things that you already said. Becca, I think a lot of. No, I, I, I don't have. I'm not going to disrupt this. This sounds okay. Yeah.
Becca Bressler: Great, great. Awesome. Well. Amazing. Less than 30 minutes.
Becca Bressler: That's the rarity for Jeremy at the but something we're trying to achieve here. So, yeah, unless there's anything else. Any other immediate questions you have, Jeremy, for the group, based on what you heard here, like, you know, floor is yours, but otherwise you and I offline can. Talk about like milestones, process and specific things. Question, user questions. I'm like your go to for et cetera.
jeremykanter: Okay? Cool. Yeah, I think probably nothing I need to take the whole group's time with right now, but for sure, like once I get into figma, once I get into some of the other, you know, product account states and things like that, then I'm sure I'll have all sorts of questions.
Becca Bressler: Great. I think. Nate would be the one in charge of getting you on the team Figma account as the admin. So, Nate, I can add to your task list for that we have a designer chat channel. You're not in it and I'm going to add you right now. So use that. We like to, you know, use. Public channels just for, like, visibility, et cetera. So, you know, use that channel for questions to all of us, et cetera. You know, obviously, best judgment. If something very much seems like, you know, you just kind of want to run by me, that's cool, too. But, yeah, that's the best way to get us. Kind of all looped in, looking at your work, getting where we want to, you know, be able to click your figma file and drop notes in, et cetera.
jeremykanter: Okay, cool.
Becca Bressler: Awesome. Thank you, everyone. We're super excited to get you going, Jeremy. This is, like, a huge need for us and an exciting time for us because we're rolling a lot of stuff out, so, yeah, we're stoked.
jeremykanter: Yeah, I'm excited. Thanks for having me.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Thanks, Chairman. Looking forward to see what you do.