Emmanuel Adjin: I'm okay. Hi, nathan. How are you doing?
Nathan Peereboom: I am great. You have an amazing headset. The audio quality is so good.
Emmanuel Adjin: Oh, thank you. It's both.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: Are you like, a pilot or a gamer or something like that?
Emmanuel Adjin: No, I work as a psychiatric nurse practitioner.
Nathan Peereboom: Awesome. Well, hey, tell me about yourself. You know who I am? Probably. I'm the CEO and co founder of Jotsych. But I'd love to know. I mean, it sounds like you're. Are you thinking about starting your own practice?
Emmanuel Adjin: So I do have my own private practice. And in fact, your platform, Jot Psych, has helped so, so much.
Emmanuel Adjin: In terms of the documentation, I've been with you guys for, Is it two years now? Something like that. Maybe a year and a half. And it's made a huge difference in lifestyle. And just time buyback. So you guys are doing an amazing job. So just wanted to start off with that.
Nathan Peereboom: I appreciate following to the engineers.
Emmanuel Adjin: For sure they're doing a great job. And the updates are quite helpful too, for sure. I've seen a change across time and it's a good change. So I saw the website that you guys put out regarding getting credentialed with these insurance companies, and I like how it's very straightforward and it's very clean. It's not complicated. You see all the information that you need. An idea that I have that I'm working on is a different website. It'll be a digital website. A digital course website, I should say.
Emmanuel Adjin: And the idea behind it is to help relationships. It will be based around relational values. What does that mean? That means for a lot of people, when they do get into relationships, yes, they have some idea of what they're looking for, but they don't really know for sure. And a lot of people are afraid of asking those deep questions. That would actually help their relationship thrive.
Emmanuel Adjin: So they shy away from those relationships. And then later on down the line, these questions, obviously, they do come up. What does it look like when we have a child and I don't want to work anymore and I want to stay home? What does it look like if I were to change political ideas? What does it look like when my mother in law or my mother wants move in? And you feel as though. No, I would rather. So instead of waiting to discuss these challenging topics later on, why not engage these topics now while we're dating, let's say. Or if we're not dating, why not? You decide what it is you actually want. Are we going to carry that? Am I someone that I'm going to carry debt for the rest of my life. Or do I want to be financially free? And if so, whoever I'm going to be involved with, they need to be aligned with me on this page, let's say. So that's the idea that is surrounding this website.
Emmanuel Adjin: So it'll be a digital course. And I'm hoping that what you guys have done with this page, it would be something like that, where it's very clean, straightforward, easy to understand without a lot of complications. And that's where you guys. So I'm wondering if that's something you do. I know you mentioned you guys did that. In house. I guess I'm just wondering if that's something you guys would do, and then we can talk about the credentialing also.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, cool. We built that website in house. We are experimenting with the idea of having a service where we make websites for clinicians.
Nathan Peereboom: And the theory behind that is the theory is we kind of figured out how to make these nice websites, and it really could be something a nice offering for people as they're starting out or improving. Their practice to just have a good front end. We've considered that we haven't actually done it for anyone. And I think that the way that I could probably spin it to the technical team if we were going to go forward with it, is probably if you were interested in doing billing with us or something like that, I could be like, hey, guys, look, this is a bigger picture thing, like a manual, is integrating his practice into our deeper product. And that is something where, as part of that process, we want to support him in getting people onto his course and expanding kind of his reach. And that's going to be something that makes sense within the company strategy. So that's kind of the framing. I mean, I think, you know, we are sort of evolving our mission as a company to be very, very singularly focused on helping you and your colleagues get paid for the good work you do. There's this oncoming, I would say, like a drone war or robot war with insurance companies because they're auditing notes more rigorously now. They have AI tooling that's reading them and trying to figure out clever ways to deny your claims. And so our view is, like, we want to be the shield between you and the insurance company, and we're betting the company on that. Like, we are really focusing the entire technology stack to do that. And so that's why we've launched credentialing. That's why I think you know that.
Nathan Peereboom: We do full service billing at this point. So that is kind of like the broad space that we fit in. I think that there's something really exciting, though, about touching this, like, front of house idea and saying, hey, so many clinicians want to have really beautiful websites, either for courses that, like, bring in clientele and also create some extra income or just because they have a practice that, you know, they want to have some content, you know, to kind of show what they do and, and how they do it. So it, it makes a lot of sense, even within our company strategy. You know, if our goal is to help clinicians get paid, You can't get paid if you don't have patience, and you can't get patients if you don't have some kind of online presence. So it, you know, it does make sense in that context. Let me pause there. I mean, Sure. Do you think that there's, like, a kind of path here if we, like. Is that something that, like, we could talk about some deeper, like, service offerings and then bundle this into that agreement? Would that be something you'd be open to?
Emmanuel Adjin: Okay, so I guess while we're on the topic. So you mentioned billing. So what would billing look like for. For you guys? Let's say I've seen it come up that feature. But I don't use that feature for sure. With Jike. My billing has done us elsewhere. But I'm wondering. What does that look like? For you guys. Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, totally. Well, I guess I can show you. Kind of like our. Our approach here. Okay? So. Okay, so, you know, the idea of our billing engine is that it unites the AI system that writes the notes. That audits the notes. With a billing engine that, you know, submits claims. Looks for eligibility, does auto appeals, and also has people and humans involved in edge cases. So from your perspective, you log into JOT Psych, you'd see eligibility immediately, you do the encounter, you click done or you sign the note, and then we would handle everything. Afterwards, you'd get a dashboard that showed you you know exactly what you were making, what you're earning, and you know, where there were gaps or lags, and then also, like, what we can improve to make your practice work, work better. So. So that would be the clinical experience. I think that in terms of why we're in this space, You know, at a technology level, what we are good at is taking really unstructured data and turning into structured data. And that enables us to have an edge when it comes to eligibility checks, which, you know, it's the same kind of exercise. Obviously pay aware documentation. And then, like, dealing with some of these, like, the morass of, like, appeals and denials and all that. So. So that's kind of why we are getting into this space. We just think that we actually have the best technology for delivering a really good product here. I mean, I guess, manual. Let me ask this. I mean, where are you with your. Tell me about your private practice. Because you have a private practice. You're an entrepreneurial guy. It's very obvious. Like, you're already starting to think about, you know, expanding into something, like coursework. What is your dream like? If you, Emmanuel, think five years from now, what do you want your professional life to be?
Emmanuel Adjin: So five years from now, it would be stepping away from from the practice and running it from behind.
Nathan Peereboom: Oh, interesting.
Emmanuel Adjin: Okay, not on the clinical side. And by behind, I mean it might be even for sure, reduce hours for sure, so that I have time for me and family. But for sure it would be growing it, you know, to a point where it's self functioning, let's say, obviously with people.
Emmanuel Adjin: But being able to step away from it and not be so directly involved in the day to day the grind for sure, that that would be the ultimate picture.
Nathan Peereboom: The way that we see it is like our product is perfect for a clinic owner. Who believes that their like advantage and their scale. Vision is around recruiting and training clinicians, because if we can handle all the back office, you know, and the person who really does have the clinical context understands patience. And I think in your situation, actually has a strong thesis about the kind of philosophy and the kind of care that they uniquely want to deliver to clients. There's. I think that it's like a. It's a. It's a really, really ideal setup because you. I. This is my guess. My guess is that you don't want to be involved in the billing. Like your head is spending time in the space of wait, what are the relationship conversations that we could front load earlier in the life cycle of a relationship so that people actually have all the information, all the, you know, all the decision making power to like, not be you know, on the phone with their mother in law trying to figure out, like, if they can spend the social capital with their wife to, like, not have their mother in law come, you know, like, you don't want to. No one wants to be in that situation. And so I think I can tell just from where you're focused, that you do care about the clients as human beings and you care about, like, their. Like you have a theory about how you want to change the world in that way for sure.
Emmanuel Adjin: Absolutely. Absolutely. Yeah. Yeah. I guess another question that comes up, and I know we're sort of talking about a bunch of different things, it's like working on, you know, techniques where you guys can sort of. I would say push clients towards the clinician's way. Almost something like what you would see with Zagbac or these days, what was the other one? Clarity. Or whichever. Because that's where some of the big need really is with, with most of the clinicians, I mean, colleagues that I, that I speak with. Especially clients who are well suited and fit for, you know, private practice.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. So eventually, probably in like, three or four months, we'll probably get to that. Right now it's not going to be on the roadmap and for, like, probably three or four months, though.
Emmanuel Adjin: Okay, okay, okay. And transitioning back to credentialing, so. Have you seen what the rates look like? Because I'm sure you're going to run into this question a lot. From clinicians because obviously your email even indicate that you know Alma and headway.
Emmanuel Adjin: What clinicians are really looking at is something like, am I going to be able to compete with these big platforms? If. If I were to be credentialed. Separately from these platforms.
Emmanuel Adjin: And I mean, from your email it sounds like yes, because obviously they take their portion of it and then we get a portion of it. So I guess, what rates have you seen from, from, you know, decent shows? Do you even see the rates between the clinician and the insurance companies?
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. I mean, it depends exactly on, you know, the kinds of visits you're doing in the region of the country. And when we see rates for intakes that are like, 200 to $300 per intake when you're going direct and somewhere between 120 and $180 for med management follow ups. So, I mean, those are. That's just general, you know, rating. Now. It really does depend, though, on the region of the country you're in, how your payers operate. Do you, Emmanuel, do you only work with msos or do you have your own like ehr and private practice as well?
Emmanuel Adjin: So, you know what? Let me ask you this. According to your email, mso. What's. What's mso?
Nathan Peereboom: MSO is like headway, alma, grow, et cetera.
Emmanuel Adjin: So, yes, I do work with headway Alma, not grow. Those are the two. And. But I do have my own private practice, and then I do billing. Through those platforms so far.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, Gotcha. That makes a lot of sense. So are you interested in getting credentialed and going off on your own? And our rates, the thing that you're most interested in figuring out?
Emmanuel Adjin: Yes. And yes, because as you know, you know things can happen.
Nathan Peereboom: With companies.
Emmanuel Adjin: And it would be good to have a direct relationship with the insurance company so that even if it's backup, let's say, or even if you hire someone once, from my understanding, once your credential with the insurance company, it's easier to get someone else in your company credentialed. Is that. Is that what you've run into also? Let's say.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. I mean, insurance companies only want to work with, like, highly legitimate clinicians, you know, and so if you are already credentialed with them, if they already have a pattern of seeing your good care, you know, they have very complex models that actually will show what happened. You know, they can predict and see what happens to your patients afterwards. So they're. They're able, once you're in their system, to really understand at a math level, hey, this is the kind of person a manual is. And, you know, we would be really excited about, you know, the change in how the system would be if he had. More clinicians working under him. And so, yeah, we do hear that it's easier once you have a reputation with them.
Emmanuel Adjin: Okay. Okay. And then one other question that I have is I'm credentialed in several states, so Jersey, New York, Vermont, as well, as well as some other Northwestern states.
Emmanuel Adjin: So with from the website, it sounds like for each state, obviously each state has their own insurance. So based off the website and what was addressed there, it sounds like if I were to get credential with, let's say, four panels in New York, it would be different. The price point will be different from four insurances in Vermont. Is that correct? Okay. Okay.
Nathan Peereboom: Every single insurance company has a different, like, fee schedule.
Emmanuel Adjin: Yeah. Okay, now, so then, for you guys, for someone like me, who is licensed in several states, would that be some sort of discount, let's say. If I'm doing multiple states. Credential. Like seven states, let's say. So if I were to do three for now and then maybe do three additionally, what would that look like for you guys?
Nathan Peereboom: So we've never done discounting, but we'd be. I mean, I'd be happy to entertain it, depending. I mean, what are you thinking would be? The first flight of how many insurers would you want to do for the first flight?
Emmanuel Adjin: So big, let's say New York. We'll start with New York, let's say. So the. The big ones. The commercial ones. And blue cross, blue shield united optum. 1199 is big. I feel like I'm forgetting, like, two, but. So let's say. Let's say five or even seven. I know the website list. Eight, let's say. Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay. Eight. Okay. So if you were going to do eight, it would be, let's say, 2,400 for that, for that group. But we could waive, like, the startup fee just to, like, you know, just as a, you know. Thank you for joining the program. I think if you're going to do more than 10, we'd probably decrease the price of, like, the number, like the insurances after 10.
Emmanuel Adjin: Okay. Okay.
Emmanuel Adjin: Yeah, no, I'm. I'm definitely quite interested in getting credentialed separately. And it sounds like from the website, it sounds like you guys have done it to know the process, because, again, the website really lays it out very, very clearly.
Emmanuel Adjin: And there is a confusion at all, which, yeah, it's.
Nathan Peereboom: Super straightforward. Like, at a process level, it takes a huge amount of paperwork. So, like, we collect all your paperwork, and it's like DEA licenses, resumes, you know, references, things like that. Number, tax IDs. Then what we do is we create what's called a CHQ profile.
Emmanuel Adjin: Cah. I already have that, actually. Nate. Yeah. So most. So most clinicians you're going to run into, especially if they have your own private practice and their credential with some of these insurance companies, they would already have that. Right. So mine is literally set.
Nathan Peereboom: And you know, you could one thing that we find and totally like we have never looked at a C HQ profile that did not have out of date information in it. So one thing we need to do is we have to refresh. That refresh is super important because you can have a CAHQ profile if it's got things that are out of date. It just delays the time it takes for you to actually get credentialed because the insurance company is like, they're being really careful about all that. So. So we're we're still going to look at it. Then after that, we own all the back and forth with the insurance company. So we, and we, like, negotiate the rates for you. We, like, we will show you the fee schedule for your region, for your, you know, for, for who you are. And so you know, our goal. Is like, we want to get you the best rates possible, and we want to help. We want to be such a partner to you that at the end of the credentialing process, you're like, guys, I want you to own my billing, too. They're totally decoupled. You don't have to do billing with us if you do the credentialing, but in our minds, everything we negotiate for you is under the assumption that, like, if we do a really good job, we'll have the compound benefit of you being happy and us having negotiate. A really good rate that actually also, you know, positively benefits us as a company. So the incentives are just really, really aligned. And the reason why we have an advantage when it comes to credentialing is because of this, like, AI tooling we've developed. You know, we can take 100 documents and a bunch of letters from insurance companies and we can spit back a reply so quickly that the time it takes to get credentialed compresses versus, like the industry average. So that's kind of what we find to be the There are two things we find to be really important with credentialing. One, speed people want to get credentialed really fast. You know, they want to move forward with their lives. They want to, like, mature their practice, hire more clinicians.
Nathan Peereboom: They want to grow. And then the second thing is transparency. People want to know, where's my application? Why? You know, why is it taking so long? Who's own who has the football right now? You know, and so we're also using all of our tooling, you know, if you decide to credential with us, you'll get a personal website that updates where you can see exactly where every document is, where you are in the process, how long we think it's going to take for it to finish all of that so that you just, like, have your, you know, you have a dashboard or radar for the entire thing.
Emmanuel Adjin: Okay, okay. Okay? And do you guys, you know, years down the line, do you renegotiate rates? I know sometimes insurances, you have to go back and sort of renegotiate.
Nathan Peereboom: So that's a different. Like, if you want us to, like, keep up on, like, all of that. Yeah, that's a. That's a different service. But what I would say to you, Emmanuel, is like, I would like, not worry about that right now. In my mind, I would be like, one thing at a time. Get credentialed. You know, at least start the clock. And then all the other pieces we can put into place. So, you know, if we start moving and you're like, guys, I actually do want to do this website thing, and I'm interested in you running my billing once the private practice is rolling, like, we can do all of that together. But the most important thing is that you. You get credential because it's so hard to do anything in this industry without being individually credentialed with insurances.
Emmanuel Adjin: Gotcha, gotcha, gotcha. Okay, so. So in terms of, I guess, moving forward, what would that look like? With the.
Nathan Peereboom: It's really easy. There's nine documents. That we need from you. I can send over the batch. That batch. I can basically get started with the rest of the team. Credentialing you. Like, this week. Like we can get all the paperwork out by the end of the week. So that, so that again, like, the process is just rolling and like, everything is like, starting to move. And then as I mentioned, so you get a website where you, a manual can log in continuously and check to see exactly where the pieces are and how, how each of them is moving. So if you want to do that, it's I mean, I think it's a great experience. You know, people seem to be really happy with it so far. And I think, yeah, I do think it's probably, like, the right next step if your dream is to grow a practice and step away from it, but hire a lot of, you know, clinicians under you and be sort of an entrepreneur in the space.
Emmanuel Adjin: Yeah. And then I guess now that's down the line. So the website idea, what would that look like? I know it's rather new when you mentioned you've never done it when you won, let's say. But that's in the narrative for the company. What would that look like? If you can imagine that timeline. What. What are some rough thoughts about that, let's say.
Nathan Peereboom: Totally. So what I would probably do is I'd probably want to interview you about what you wanted in the website. I would then probably scope that out and then give it to our, like, technical team and see, like, what they thought the build would be. So we have designers, we have engineers, and they'd probably have to, like, spend some time on it. So we would just want to give you, like a time dollars, terms, you know, understanding. There's a huge range of what constitutes a website. You know, there are single page websites, there are encyclopedias. So the thing that you want. Like, it really just depends on what exactly you want, and I think that that would probably be the next step.
Emmanuel Adjin: Okay, okay. All right. Gotcha, gotcha. All right. That's all from me. Nathan. Amazing questions. I listed and, yeah, you fancied all of them. Appreciate that.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, Beautiful.
Emmanuel Adjin: So I guess I'll wait to, I guess, see your email, and then we go from there. And then for you, this credentialing process, are you guys able to do that in all 50 states? I mean, I'm not in all 50 states, but I'm wondering. You are?
Nathan Peereboom: Yep. We can do it. Everywhere and anywhere. Let me send you the list of documents that we need right now. Okay, so I'm going to send them here. Okay. And then the other thing we need is your ca.
Nathan Peereboom: Login and password. And once you send us those 10 things, We're good to go, and we will just doggedly pursue it until it's done.
Emmanuel Adjin: Okay. Okay, sounds good. Sounds good. Anything else that I need to be thinking about regarding this outside of the paperwork being forwarded and login and password in anything at all.
Nathan Peereboom: I think one thing you want to start thinking about is for the patients that I see on headway. Alma Growla, wherever you see patients. You should probably start mentioning lightly to them that you're thinking about moving off platform because it's great to take those patients with you, you know, and so any patients that you're seeing that you're developing, like, a really good relationship with just being like, hey, by the end of this year, I'M going to be, like, on my own platform. And, you know, I would love for you to join me. I think that the, you know, just. Just starting to, like, talk with patients about that is also, like, a really good practice.
Emmanuel Adjin: Okay, okay. So, so then billing, doing billing with job site, the platform. I mean, for a lot of companies, obviously, they. They do take a portion of what comes in. What would that look like for J. Psych billing?
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, so let me share my screen here. Okay? So our billing is priced at 4 to 8% of collections. And it's all dependent on what exactly you would like us to do for you. So, you know, the most basic version is just like we do your eligibility checks, we do pairware documentation, we generate clean claims. At the higher level, though. We're doing auto appealing for you. We're managing your era, we're doing payment posting, we're keeping up to date on all the changing payer rules. And then we're, you know, at the highest level, we're actually, like, looking and making sure, hey, the money that hits your bank account, does that cohere with the contracts you have with the insurers? So that the whole waterfall of how, you know, how a claim, you know, actually gets paid out is. Taken care of. Hey, buddy. You can't hear me?
Emmanuel Adjin: Can you say hi?
Nathan Peereboom: Hey. Oh, man.
Emmanuel Adjin: Okay, one second. Okay, papa. Okay, so it's. It's different levels, essentially. Okay. The 468. Okay. And then. Sorry if I missed that. Tell me more about the 8% collection.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, totally. And I'm gonna have to run at 2:30, but we can always.
Emmanuel Adjin: Me too, actually.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. Perfect. So the 8%, what we're doing is we're actually looking at your true bank account and we're figuring out. Hey, did the insurance company actually pay you? Because there are all sorts of. Ways. Insurance companies don't pay you. Know they can deny the claim. They can pay the claim, but at an adjusted rate. And then they can tell you they paid the claim, but then you know, the payment gets somehow lost and it doesn't hit your bank account. What the max version does is it. Is it manages, like, at the scent level in your bank account, the coherence between that payment and what you're billing. Now. The other thing that we'll do at max level is we'll take care of your patient payments, which. Which can be really helpful so that's. Like the entire. That's the entire cycle.
Emmanuel Adjin: Okay? Okay? All right. Sounds good. All right, Nathan, again, thanks for making the time, and I'm sure we'll be connecting soon again.
Nathan Peereboom: Amazing. Oh, wait, Sorry. One question, Emmanuel. Do you have phone number that I could just, like, shoot a text to after this?
Emmanuel Adjin: Seven?
Nathan Peereboom: Yes.
Emmanuel Adjin: 7718. 514. 3730.
Nathan Peereboom: 718-514-3730.
Emmanuel Adjin: That's correct.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay. Awesome. Well, thank you so much. And, yeah, this is. This is really, really exciting. Do you want me to follow up with you at any point just to, like, make sure that we're on the right track? Do you feel like you're going to move forward with this? And, you know, we're, we're going to hear from you.
Emmanuel Adjin: No, if you. If you send the documents, that should be enough. Yeah. It's a green light. Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: Awesome. All right. Perfect. Emmanuel, thank you so much. Really, really stoked about this. Take care. Bye.
Emmanuel Adjin: Bye.