JORGE VALCOURT: Thank you for, for the meeting today, Nate. I know you have been on the road.
Nathan Peereboom: Oh, no worries. No worries. Yeah, it's been, it's been a busy period, but that's all, it's all good. You want to be busy, I bet.
JORGE VALCOURT: Yeah, that's true. Okay, so a few things. So I have been playing with your program, with your software for the last few days since we met last Tuesday. Great. Yesterday night was the first time that I really, really put some time into it. I created templates. I wrote a few things on the channel. I don't know if you got a chance to see them.
Nathan Peereboom: Let me open this up. Yep. Let's see. Oh yeah. So you made some recommended changes to publishing forms showing document status.
JORGE VALCOURT: Yeah. Yep. Few things happened while I was trying to create new templates. I don't know, Nate, if that is ready. I mean, it looks like there are some bugs that you guys need to fix.
Nathan Peereboom: It seems the thing that we know. So sharing documents like self serve is a little challenging across accounts, but we can move those in the back end for you. So if you create like a form or a template or like a document, like a, a template for the document generator, we can move that in the back end for you. But the sharing is not ready.
JORGE VALCOURT: No, that's fine. I mean, I, I, I don't, I don't think we are talking about the same thing. I am not talking about sharing. I mean right now I was using only one account. And when I was, when I was creating a new document, the document, the documents that we already created were changed, were changing from published to drafting by itself. So I wasn't touching that document at all. So I, I went back and I press again. Publish. And it went back to, to publish. But something weird that was happening with, with old forms. After the eighth or ninth form that I created, I couldn't, they weren't saving anymore.
Nathan Peereboom: It will say failed.
JORGE VALCOURT: I send a screenshot of that too. So that's on the, on the forms. I was asking Jackson if there was a way where we can see all the documents that are pending that are out for approval. I probably, I don't know if, if it was, if I wasn't clear enough. I think he understood something else.
Nathan Peereboom: You think Jackson understood something else?
JORGE VALCOURT: Yeah, I think so.
Nathan Peereboom: I think so. Can you point me just to the chat, just so I can understand. Just so I can do some translation here?
JORGE VALCOURT: Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, thanks. Let's see. Okay, so I'm opening up. All right, so the first thing I see that you write is, is there a way to see all sent documents and their status in the same screen?
JORGE VALCOURT: Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: Oh, I see. So the thing that you're interested in is really the status. It's not the compilation. And then the previous version of it is still published. Thank you for pointing out. It's a bit confusing right now. We'll look into changing this, but when you open up a form to make changes, that new version goes into drafting mode. Okay. So I think what Jackson is saying is that whenever you open up a form, at any point it goes into. It gets called drafting. Because the thing that you're working with is not technically published, but it's not reverting back to an unpub. Like, the actual form out in the world is not unpublished. It's just the thing that you're working on is.
JORGE VALCOURT: Yeah, but I wasn't touching those forms, Nate. Okay, on the bottom and then the one on top where was changing to drafting. If you see my. My screenshot.
Nathan Peereboom: I totally see it. Can you. Can you.
Nathan Peereboom: Do you have it open on your computer right now? Can you show us this? Because this is just a bug we haven't heard of, and if it is a bug, like, I want to just, like, squash it as fast as possible. Can you share your screen and show me, like, how this happens?
JORGE VALCOURT: Yeah. Okay. Looking for the password right now. That is one thing that I found out last night. Something else, and I think even more important than this, Nate, right now, once the EHR system is where everyone logs into and creates the notes in that system, right? You know that all the supervisors log in, look for notes, and sign the notes in that system. Same with. Same with claims with billing. They go into one system, and all appointments are there. The appointments are converted into claims. The claims are assigned a CPT code, and they go out to the different payers, right? But it is. One central system right now with what I understood from our meeting on Tuesday and please let me know if I'm wrong. We're going to have multiple accounts. Each provider will have their own account. They will add the patient to that account. They will create a documentation on that patient. Right. Okay. Is it that those patients, after they are created, move or are copied into a master account so someone can get in and build from the same account or the dealer has to go into each separate account and build claims through that account?
Nathan Peereboom: Now, the billing happens at the organization level, so. And your patients happen at the organization level. So when you, when, when we upload your patient list to job site, for example, you're going to have all your patients in jots. Like every single clinician is going to be able to tag a note to a patient and then whoever's doing the billing is as an admin is going to be able to go in and see all the notes for all the patients and all the people from a single account.
JORGE VALCOURT: From a single. So there's going to be a master account and that account is connected to the single account.
Nathan Peereboom: Exactly. Okay. Yeah, because we can't, for HIPAA reasons, we can't have an administrator logging in under the sign in to 20. That makes no sense. No, no, no, no.
JORGE VALCOURT: Okay, so let me share my screen.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay. Okay, great. Yeah, so show me what's going on here, Jorge. What I'm going to do is I'm going to take this video I'm going to send to Jackson and we'll get back to you. Okay, so what we're looking at, everything's published in the top two rows. So you click edit. This one's already drafting. We click publish, it's published. Awesome. Edit, Publish.
JORGE VALCOURT: I'm going to publish all of them to publish. Then I'm going to work on one to see the status change. Awesome.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, cool. Great. So everything's published right now we click edit will make a change that's arbitrary.
JORGE VALCOURT: You see on top fail.
Nathan Peereboom: Yep, I see that it failed.
JORGE VALCOURT: So I will be able to publish this one. So I have to go back and.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, so it's drafting. That makes sense. So. Oh yeah, sorry. Keep going, keep going. Okay, so we click Publish. Great. Okay, that seems to work.
JORGE VALCOURT: Yeah, nothing changed right now.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, interesting. Let me see. I'm just. I'm just texting the engineers at the moment. All right, so we click Publish.
JORGE VALCOURT: Yeah, it isn't doing.
Nathan Peereboom: And then. Sorry, is that. Is that incorrectly marked as drafting? Because you just saved it.
JORGE VALCOURT: No, no, this is the one that we couldn't save. Gotcha. Let me. Let's see.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, let's see if we can replicate this error again, because that would be. Oh, wait, wait. We might get it. Oh, darn it. Saved. All right, so we click Publish.
Nathan Peereboom: Hey, can I show you what would be helpful? So can you right click in the middle of your screen? Just like right click on your. On your cursor.
JORGE VALCOURT: Do you see it?
Nathan Peereboom: Oh, no, but. But I can tell you what you should see. So at the bottom there's this button, or at the bottom of that list, there should be something that says inspect. You click inspect. And then. Let's see. And then if you go and you click the carrots. Oh, wait, I don't know. Can you see the inspect panel by any chance?
Nathan Peereboom: I don't think I see it on your side.
JORGE VALCOURT: You can't feel the element right now. Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, great. So if you click the little carrots, you should be able to see the word network. And what I would ask is, can you see. Did you get to the. Oh, perfect. Yeah, you got to. Yeah. So up there, click. See? Scroll over. It shouldn't be bugs. Maybe it's. No, scroll. You see the little WI fi thing? Yeah. Click that. The little WI fi tower. So two left of where you're at. Memory. Yeah. Click that. Click network. Okay. The next time that you get an error, what would be helpful is if you just took a screenshot of what was happening here.
Nathan Peereboom: Is this will tell us when that saving fails. It'll give us a clue to. There's probably something going on weird with your wifi network or the computer you're on. Not your fault. It's just like something that our software must not be dealing well with.
Nathan Peereboom: Just take a screenshot of this. Network page and send it to me or send it through the Jottec Valcor Slack channel and that'll, like, get us 95% of the way to solving the problem.
JORGE VALCOURT: Okay, that's fine.
Nathan Peereboom: But everything looks like it's running right now.
JORGE VALCOURT: Is that right?
Nathan Peereboom: The publishing is working, the drafting is working. Things are saving. Okay.
JORGE VALCOURT: Yeah. This is the only thing that is not saving, right? The last, and I don't know why.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, let's see. Oh, yes. Okay, great. Wait, so we're in network. Don't. Don't try and reload it. Let me take a screenshot of this and send it to Jackson. Let me see. Okay, so it failed there. Now what happens if you click that, like, you know, refresh button on the fail, failed to save. Yeah, so if you click that again. Okay, can you go down to. Okay, on the right side of the screen in the inspect panel, can you click the draft 422Fetch? So it's. It's the red. Yeah, let's just click into each of those. Okay, great. Let me just take screenshots of this and send it over. Okay. And then can we do it for the other two as well? It looks like there's two. Two spots where it failed. I just want to see each of those. Okay, great. Awesome. Okay, and one more. And then let me see if there's. Yeah, there should be one other. Yeah, perfect. Okay, and then can we see the payload and the response here as well? So just to the right of headers. Oh, no. Click into that one more time. We're here. That. Nope, down at the. Yeah, just click into the red one again. There you go. Any. Any of the red ones will work. Perfect. And then up near there you go. Payload. Awesome. And then let's see response as well. Okay, and then can you scroll to the right? It looks like that the message is giving us a clue there. Can we see the message? Yeah, like, I think it's five lines from the bottom. There's something in there. Input should be a valid dict type. Should be a valid dictionary. Okay. Okay. Hey, I think we know what the error is. Can you just click into the response from the other two red. Red draft things just so I can see it? Input should be a valid dictionary. Okay, great. And then let's do one more there, which is the very bottom one.
JORGE VALCOURT: I think this is the last one right here.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, there you go. And let's see. Okay, great. So it looks like it's a consistent error on all three of them. Okay, let me take this back to the engineers. I think this makes sense. And yeah, I'm really sorry for the. For the hassle here.
JORGE VALCOURT: That is fine. Don't worry. Let me. Let me share with you one more thing. And okay, I have another documentation.
Nathan Peereboom: Thank you.
JORGE VALCOURT: Okay. Forms. Here they are. Okay, so here I. It shows four, but I have maybe sent maybe six or eight documents last night to patients. Right. What documents show up here? Only the documents that have been opened by patients or all of them.
Nathan Peereboom: Can you click into one of these documents just so. So I can see kind of what's here?
JORGE VALCOURT: The same happened yesterday at home.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, see? Ah, okay. So what shows. Yeah, that's what I thought. Okay, so it only shows documents that have been been actually completed and filled out. So I think what you're asking for is you want to see all the documents and then the status of like, hey, I sent it. There's a response. There's not a response. Right?
JORGE VALCOURT: Yeah, yeah. So we know what to work on.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay. Understand I'm putting that into our request. That should be. That should be somewhat doable.
JORGE VALCOURT: Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, cool. Jorge, is. Is this blocking? I mean, we have a lot of the team just starting to work through, like, the billing materials right now for you. Is this a blocker for you, or is this something where, like, if we fix this in two weeks, you're going to be fine with it?
JORGE VALCOURT: Well, right now, Nate, I am. I am asking the team, at least at peak that we have left volume that in Balcourt, to stop using Zoho. That's the electronic signature software we use to start testing yours and start moving patients here so we can start using your system in Peaks. But I cannot leave SOHO until I can create a template and I can send them over to them to their patients. That is one thing. Second, and even more important, I cannot download the template, download them for. To sign them. To sign them and go. Let's go here. Patience.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, let's see.
JORGE VALCOURT: Okay. She completed these three last night.
Nathan Peereboom: Yep.
JORGE VALCOURT: How can I download? Do I have to go to the previous page and somehow it downloads?
Nathan Peereboom: If you click full view. What do you see there?
JORGE VALCOURT: There is a button to print out this document.
Nathan Peereboom: Gotcha. Okay. Can you go back to the forms page? Okay. And then if you click that download button. So you see that? Yeah. Click that guy. What happens there? Fail the download document. Okay. Yeah. What about the eyeglass? Can you open the eyeglass there or the eye? That's view details. Yeah, maybe. And then if you. If you click download on the right side of the screen. Does that work?
JORGE VALCOURT: I guess it does. Maybe it might be the app reader here. You.
Nathan Peereboom: What web browser are you in?
Nathan Peereboom: I've never seen this web browser.
JORGE VALCOURT: This is the Microsoft one.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay. Okay, gotcha. Let me. Okay, let's do the same thing that we found with that network error. So can you open up the inspector panel because you should be able to download. These people download them all the time. And I'm wondering if there's some. Oh, no, back to. Not here, but back on the forms page where there's that little like, download button. Okay, great. So let's open up the inspector first before you click download, because I want to be able to see the network. So. Right, click Inspector and then we'll look at network again. And then network is. Yep, right there. Right. We're going to make a software engineer out of you. Okay. Oh, I don't think we clicked into network. I think we're still on elements. Yeah, there we go. Okay, cool. So let's click that download and see what happens. Great. Okay, so you see the red on the right? Can we click into that response? Failed to load response data. Okay. Can we see payload? Okay. Okay, great. And then. Okay, can you X out of this just so I can take a screenshot of. Oh, not the inspector. Just. Yeah, that. I just want to take the. The problem here. Okay, great. So it's a form submission thing. Okay. And then last thing, can I just get the details of the browser that you're using? Because I'm just wondering, like tons of people using this stuff and I just wonder if like there's something weird going on with your browser. Can you go to the top of your screen? I think that's on like the top left side. There should be something like, like when you click, is there something like, about this browser on like one of the two left hand tabs at the very top of the, of your computer? Scre.
JORGE VALCOURT: Yeah. You don't see it, right?
Nathan Peereboom: I, I, yeah, I can't see it.
JORGE VALCOURT: Let's see.
Nathan Peereboom: But whatever is shown there, if you could just like maybe Microsoft Edge. So you're using Microsoft Edge. And do you have the version number on there?
JORGE VALCOURT: Can you see it now?
Nathan Peereboom: Oh, yeah. Great. Okay, cool. This is exactly what I need. All right. Okay, cool. Perfect. All right, Jorge, let me get back to you on this. I'm really sorry for the frustration. Understand that you're trying to transition the team over here. And let me ask this, what do you need from me? Do you, like, if I came back to you and I was like, hey, this is going to take like two weeks to iron out these things for your particular device, Would that be a problem for you or is that okay?
JORGE VALCOURT: I want to move at least peak even before Valcort moves over. I think it's easier for me to transition peak with less volume than it is. Okay. Okay. So if, if you can get me at least the forms to work. I mean, for me to be able to save those templates, it will help me a lot. Even if you cannot get that screen with the status of the, of the documents. I keep a document on my end, maybe a spreadsheet with what I sent out, what the patient is, and then I go back to each patient and check the status if I have to do that.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, perfect. Okay, great. Let me, let me, let me turn this around to the engineers, Jorge, and get back to you. But I understand there's urgency here.
JORGE VALCOURT: Yeah, if you, if you can. I mean, I was working on this until late last night. I know you guys were eating because of the light and all that. Didn't want to bug you guys last night.
Nathan Peereboom: No, you can. There's no such thing as borrowing or bothering us. We like, it's actually incredibly helpful. You know, Like, I, I think this is just the nature of software development. Like, there's, there's like all these things where we don't know all the, like the little workflows that you have. Like, I didn't even know that it would be, like, important to download a form, but that's interesting. That makes. That totally makes sense. Um, so the more you tell us, the more we can kind of craft this to be a good thing for you. Okay? So never feel bad about reaching out and kind of saying what you need, all right?
JORGE VALCOURT: Okay. Okay. Thank you again. You have my number, my email. Anything you need from me, please let me know.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, absolutely. Thank you, Jorge. I appreciate you.
JORGE VALCOURT: Thank you.
Nathan Peereboom: Take care.
JORGE VALCOURT: Bye. Bye.