hadi.soueidan: Can you hear me? I can't hear you.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Okay, now I should be able to hear you loud and clear.
hadi.soueidan: Hey, nice to meet you. Thank you.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Nice to meet you too. Is it Hadi? Hadi?
hadi.soueidan: Hadi. Hadi is right way. Yes.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Okay, great. Nice to meet you. Yeah. So thanks for getting on so quickly.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Did you see in Slack any of the context there?
hadi.soueidan: Yeah, I reviewed a thread with Will and I saw you laid that like you were exploring three possible options, which is pretty common, which is pretty common among our customers. So, yeah, happy to help here. I work very closely with oil. I'm more technical. But yeah. So happy to sort of understand your use case here and explain what's possible.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Okay, great. So I think the first thing I want to do is just give you like a little context on our use case and what we're trying to do. Then I have some specific questions I want to ask around the different partnership models, mostly around like, who. Who pays? And like, how that gets passed. And then if we have a little time, I think I'd also like to just show a couple like, diagrams of like, what we're building and just kind of like gut check that we're building the right way in order to do our initial pilot quickly. That's awesome.
hadi.soueidan: Okay, great.
Jackson Bierfeldt: So the first thing is you can think of us essentially as a practice management software. Ehr. Practice management. We started as an AI scribe and are moving into the RCM space because most people use RSCRIBE in order to generate really high quality notes in behavioral health in order to do compliance and billing. Anyways, so we're just trying to own more and more of that flow. And we're using Steady right now for eligibility checks. And we want to start making it so that we can submit professional claims and then eventually receive ERA responses and kind of like own the entire revenue cycle management. But in the beginning we probably want to, you know, first just start submitting claims and letting people continue receiving the ERA and their current software, but then eventually be able to cut them over.
hadi.soueidan: Sounds. Sounds right.
Jackson Bierfeldt: I imagine that's probably like 95% of the calls you have is that similar thing.
hadi.soueidan: Absolutely. And I also, before study, I worked at Headway. Not sure if you've heard them. Oh, yeah, I did a lot of what you described.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Okay, great. So glad to hear that we're not doing anything crazy there. So. Yeah, the main thing that we're trying to decide is we have two customers right now who are going to kind of be our pilot customers. You know, we're doing a very much service based, like hand holding, walking them through, using us for the billing. And the way that we've structured the financial model is that we're doing like a 6% take rate, you know, on all successful claims, that we handle the, you know, the auditing and the appeal process and all of that. So we want to start by setting something up. And we aren't sure if we should do the model where we just have a single API key and we like manage everything internally or if we should just get out ahead of the fact that we're going to be managing multiple organizations and have them each create an organization inside of Steady and then link it to us via the app platform.
hadi.soueidan: Yeah, I mean, I can give you my high level $0.02. Like I can't skew either direction because it's a design choice on your end. Yeah. But from what I've seen is both can work. It only depends on how much you want to invest on your side on sort of tracking things per customer or per provider. Right. If you use the model where you use a single account, single API key, you'll have to build a lot of the. Unless you already have like the tracking on your end or like delineating by MPIs, like how many claims did this MPI send, how much did they spend this month, all that stuff. Like you have to build it. If you use on the other end of the spectrum, the integration, I guess you laid it down like three sides. Like, I wouldn't suggest the provider to have their own developer account. And like you issue API keys, it's either you have your own account or you use integrated accounts. The integrated accounts is just a fancy name for the providers have their own basic account. You have access to it, and then you issue API keys per account, and all the transactions live in that account, and you're able to track them by API key. In terms of how the cost is passed, it's up to you. We can pass it on to that provider, but 90% of the customers who use that feature just take care of that themselves. So that option is available. Happy to double click on either options. But yeah, both can work. It just depends on how much you want to build versus Yeah,
Jackson Bierfeldt: I think, you know, it's very attractive to us to build the least amount possible in, you know, especially when it comes to the complex like enrollment process and tracking. Oh, who you know is this NPI number enrolled with this, you know, tracking. I know we're going to have to track some kind of reference to it, but the specific process of you know, it goes into processing and then they need some action and they have to upload documents. If we could just like kick them to your portal and they figure it out in there and then they come back to ours and it's just like green light, yellow light, that would be the best case scenario. And it sounds like we should be able to do that if we do the integrated accounts.
hadi.soueidan: Yeah, that's, that's exactly how they work. They'll great.
hadi.soueidan: I mean it depends on how much you want to handhold but basically how it works is they sign up using their email to study to what's called a basic account and then from there we would have a. We have what's called like a Study apps place in there where they would go and like they would install your Study app. And essentially this Study app does is like it issues API keys that you'll have access to. But basically once they sign up we'll configure it and install the app. We'll configure it in a way that someone from your team gets invited to their account and then you're able to also like log in and do whatever you want in there. Great.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Are we able to start with the like platform partner integrated accounts right away or do we have to start with the everyone gets a developer account and then we like eventually build the partnership?
hadi.soueidan: No, you can start with it right away. There's just some small things we would want to set up from on our end. I forgot exactly what the list. Like we'll need a, I guess a logo and yeah agree on the pricing because that's more of like Wells expertise. But I understand that like it's $99 per account fee in addition to the transaction usage that can go down as that counts grow from what I've seen. But yeah, if you want to get set up, let me know and I'LL Lupin, will and the person. Yeah, we'll set you up as a study app. And yeah, I guess from there it's just sign them up, issue the API keys and. Yeah, good. From there. Okay, great.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah, I think that's probably the model that we want to go with. Just checking because I saw some conflicting information across various DOC versions. But with this integrated accounts, do we still have to make it so that. They have to create an account, then they like copy a one time API key and paste it into us. Or is it more seamless now?
hadi.soueidan: It's not like, I wouldn't say like it's very complicated. It's just like they sign up, they install the app like your app, and when they install it they'll get a view. Once they'll get an API key that they can only view once, they'll have to copy that over to your end, which is I guess just like the slightly tricky part.
Jackson Bierfeldt: If we're on site doing that with them, that should be no problem.
hadi.soueidan: That's no problem. The only thing, the only reason I say that is because once they sign up and install the app, they see the API key, but once they install it and see it, that's when the email you configure to get the default invite from your team will get in there. So there's just someone that needs to be aware of that. We do it on behalf of some of our customers. But yeah, I mean it's, I wouldn't say it's like super annoying, but it's just something to keep in mind. Like.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah, okay, so a little bit of extra setup friction, but in general it's you, you do that one time and then they never need to go into the study portal unless they want to and you know, we want to link them into it.
hadi.soueidan: Yep. Okay, great. But, but to, to be clear, like every, all the transactions, all the aras, all the enrollments will live in those separate accounts which are governed by their separate API keys.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Right. And as long as we have that key, we can make requests and show it in our UI or updated or you know, we have all of those permissions.
hadi.soueidan: Absolutely, absolutely.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Okay. Yeah, I mean that's the ideal world. I mean everything's org tenant based on our side, so if we can keep it org tenant based on your side, that's great.
hadi.soueidan: Yeah.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Okay, good. So I think then that, that seems very clear to me. Let me just make sure. I'm going to show you a document that I'm putting together here and just run you through. So for the onboarding flow, would, would they be creating an account on the like free plan on their own or as part of this integrated account? Would, would we like link them to it and it would already kind of know like, okay, this account is being created under jot psych and it'll auto link in some way
hadi.soueidan: once they hit that install Study app and account. We have an internal workflow that links it to your, to your app. And like, we already, me will already have the context on like how you want to set up the billing. So the billing team takes care of that. So I mean, from your, from your perspective, once they hit install app, that's taken care of.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Okay, great. So they. Yeah. And we would just give them a little guide being or we would do it with them on site. So then they would enter that to us and then we would just like verify that the connection's working and then we could show them the green light and say yep, okay, you're all set up with that now. And then this is what you were talking about with the auto adding of support users. We can have one of our developers be able to log in to their portal as a developer or a support person and kind of troubleshoot inside of their steady portal.
hadi.soueidan: Can you repeat that earlier? Yes, that's correct. That's correct.
Jackson Bierfeldt: So I would be able to log in as a support person to all of our customers portals on the steady side and like check on things if I needed to.
hadi.soueidan: Yes. Okay. And I, I believe, let me just double check because I set up someone yesterday. I believe it is developer that is a developer role. So yeah, you should be good.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Okay, great. Okay. I think that's actually the main thing. And then on our end we would still maintain, you know, some, some of our own concept of like the billing entity, which would be, I think is called a provider inside of steady.
Jackson Bierfeldt: The billing entity that would be like the NPI number. The NPI number that actually is being built under.
hadi.soueidan: I guess what I'm trying to understand is like, are you trying to map each NPI number to an account or just generally speaking here,
Jackson Bierfeldt: I'm just asking about the process of creating a provider inside of study. I believe that's what the resource is called.
hadi.soueidan: Yeah, yeah. I mean those are per mpi. Yes. And the provider is just an object to create for enrollments later down the line. Which is what I was going to bring up as the last point, especially for 835, since all payers require enrollments to receive RAs. So I was going to ask about that. And that's actually the biggest advantage of using an integrated account in my opinion as managing those enrollments.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Right.
Jackson Bierfeldt: So would we, would we like once we get the API key for an organization we call the create provider Endpoint via API and then we have them log into the portal and like set it up.
hadi.soueidan: Yes. I mean like the entire enrollments process can be managed via API. Where you need the human in the loop is when the provider needs to take action.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah, but if, for v0 of this to go quickly, if we wanted to say we're going to build no UI around the enrollments process, we're just going to give that, we're going to create the provider and then we're going to give them a link and say you go in here, pick your top 10 payers set it up in there and then. Come back to us. We could do that with this integrated account.
hadi.soueidan: Yes, yes, yes, absolutely.
hadi.soueidan: They can log in to the ui, the enrollments. We have plenty of documentation on like you can, that you can point them towards on like step by step on like how to set up those. They can even create the provider themselves. Like the create provider is just a form where, yeah, place the mpi, place the tax ID the name and then create provider which would feed into the enrollments down the line. So. Okay, yeah.
Jackson Bierfeldt: And if, if they create it themselves, and this is I guess a larger question, would we would then just set up a web hook in order to like receive that information so we can create our entity version of it.
hadi.soueidan: The webhook for the enrollments. These I don't think has been released yet. It's in the works for sure.
Jackson Bierfeldt: But let me check pull for status on that.
hadi.soueidan: The thing is like you wouldn't be able to. Let me just double check. I think you wouldn't be able to pull the provider objects that are created. You would be able to pull the enrollments themselves. So like you create the provider and then when you create an enrollment, you link it to a provider. The provider piece, I'm not sure if it's pulled, but the enrollments are definitely like there's a get API endpoint that lists all of them. Okay.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah. I just want to make sure that it's clear to me how we're going to link your provider entity with our version of it.
hadi.soueidan: Nevermind. There are endpoints to retrieve providers and to create providers as well. So. Yeah, so to answer your question, no out hooks yet, but I think we're getting there soon. For the time being you'll have to just like periodically pull.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah. Okay. And then to link the providers, we would just link on the NPI number.
hadi.soueidan: To link them to what?
Jackson Bierfeldt: To our like internal data representation of that provider.
hadi.soueidan: I'm just thinking because I think like in some etch, like not edge cases, but later down the line you would also want 10 maybe MBI is good for a V0. Okay. It just sort of hesitated for a second because I had a customer yesterday that had an NPI. Two NPIs associated with the same tin, which created some issues with enrollments. But NPI is completely fine. Yes. Okay, great.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah, I mean like most of our clinics that we're working with early on, you know, they have five rendering providers that are all billing under one billing provider. And. And we just want to make sure that we can make that billing provider to steady provider connection and know how to like, reference those.
hadi.soueidan: The billing provider is what matters here.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah. Okay, great. And then. What have you seen with other people who've set up through this integrated accounts for tracking of the enrollments? Are the enrollments something that we need to track in our own database and maintain or should we use you as the source of truth and just list it?
hadi.soueidan: I mean I've seen some people, they have enough resources to map out our enrollments API to their software which is, it is doable. But I mean the majority like leverage a lot the portal to manage them. 8.35 Enrollments can get tricky because we try to abstract a lot of the payer specific processes and forms and like make it as standardized as possible. But there is a human that is needed in the loop. Not everything is out of control when it comes to filling. Like the provider needs to fill a form or they need to log in into their payer portal and check some boxes and change some configurations. Right. I've seen our customers. It depends on how much. What's the provider's appetite to do that? Or you can do it on their behalf, but what happens is you set them up for the enrollment, you submit it and then like there's an action that's required on their behalf. That action gets communicated in an email that is provided when the enrollment is set up. Now as I mentioned, some folks go down the route of building their own UI and they pull the API and they check the enrollment status. And based on the enrollment status they check what's the task that is required from them. But it's completely doable, especially in the early stages without having to build all that in your database. You can just rely on steady. Okay, great.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah. I think our main use case there is actually less tracking what the current status of it is in terms of in, in the middle. And we mostly just want to know if this billing number is trying to submit to this payer. Is it already enrolled or not? You know, should we disable the button or should we enable the button?
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yes, and it sounds like we can rely on your payer list in order to, to do that.
hadi.soueidan: I mean I think it wouldn't hurt if you pulled the enrollments. Like it's more, more of like okay, this is the tin, this is the NPI and this is the enrollment. Yeah.
Jackson Bierfeldt: And then just like cache it on our side.
hadi.soueidan: Just the status. Like you wouldn't, you wouldn't need all the metadata, just the status. I mean it doesn't necessarily make sense to block them from submitting if they don't have an 835 enrollment. Unless like you really want to own the entire work.
Jackson Bierfeldt: I guess I'm thinking more about the ones where you need an 837p enrollment first.
hadi.soueidan: Those are very, very uncommon. The only common one, the only major one is Medicare. I mean, always check, always check that it's not very common. But like Medicare requires that for sure.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Okay, well, we have a lot of people that use Medicare, so I just want to make sure that we're able to somehow show like, hey, you're not enrolled with this yet. You need to complete this before you can submit. Yes.
hadi.soueidan: The other place where you would see that is you'll get a rejection from the payer or like, hey, you're not enrolled. And then lastly, someone asked about this literally yesterday. We're building an edit or like a validation that checks if the enrollment exists in the provider's account before they submit. That would bounce it back before even the API call goes through.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Okay, so we could like make, you know, is ready API call before even like pressing the submit one eventually. It sounds like you're building that.
hadi.soueidan: Yes. Okay, great.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Okay, I think that was all of my important questions here. Let me just make sure. Yeah. Okay, so last thing I guess is what I mean, you've seen our exact use case several times, I'm sure. What are the things that you would advise me to be looking out for here, especially early on that maybe I didn't bring up?
hadi.soueidan: I think the biggest piece is if you want like, I mean, in terms of setting up the integrated account and getting the provider up and running, that's pretty straightforward. There's only like that small nuance of like when you first set up the account. I think the biggest thing just to keep in mind once you start ramping up on this is like managing the claim, like tracking the claims. Because if you start scaling up, it can get messy in terms of tracking the claims on where they're at within their lifecycle. We have the ability to set up webhooks for the claims transactions in each integrated account. So just like getting really crisp on. All right, this claim has been submitted. Has it been rejected by the clearinghouse? That's the clearinghouse. Has it been rejected by the payer? It went through the payer. Now where's the era? Sometimes payer, for whatever reason, don't send an era back or the era comes back from a different payer because there's a carve out. So just like getting really crisp on that process would save you, like, would save you a lot of time later down the line of, hey, why is this claim? Why hasn't this claim been paid yet? Or where is this claim? Or this is missing. I see a lot of our bigger. A lot of our bigger customers struggle with that.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Okay, that is good to know. But early on, one of the benefits of the integrated account is that when we only have two customers, and we're, like, figuring this out? Like, we can log into their portal and see the exact claim status inside of studies. Portal.
hadi.soueidan: Yes.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Great.
hadi.soueidan: Yes. As long as you. Because here's how it works. You send a claim, you get a claim acknowledgement back that's easily linkable. Now in terms of the remittance that comes back later, that only comes, that's only linked to the claim by what's called the patient control number or the patient account number. Payers are only required to send that as a like back in the era. And that's the only way to link a claim that's submitted to an ERA that's sent back. And that's tricky. And no one enforces like there's no enforcement to have that unique. Like we can't do that on our customer's behalf. And I've seen some of our customers early on just like send the same exact value and then like it's a complete mess. Okay. We have some documentation on like how to format it because sometimes players remove some special characters or whatnot. But yeah, that's, I guess that's the main thing. But yeah, to your point, if you're submitting like five claims, it's 10 claims, 20 claims, 30 claims. It's still manageable to just log into the portal and check it out.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Great. Okay.
hadi.soueidan: We're also building a claims manager, but should be released in a month. Within a month or so. I'm not sure, like maybe earlier. But that's going to revamp the whole way of like how you track claims in the ui, which I think might be helpful here as well. Great.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Okay. Adam, do you have any questions?
Adam Harrison: I have one quick question. You mentioned like some complexity with carve outs that we should be aware of.
Adam Harrison: I've like heard that a few times and I think that's pretty common in behavioral health, which is where you know, we are going to be living and breathing. So just wanted to know if you could share any more context around that that we should be like aware of as we head into this.
hadi.soueidan: Have you been working a lot with eligibility checks?
Adam Harrison: We're getting started with eligibility checks. So yeah, I guess but was curious like the implications not just for eligibility but for like the whole billing rcm like life cycle.
hadi.soueidan: The reason I asked is because like that's where it starts. Even within the broader RCM cycle. Like you send an eligibility check and the response most of the times pay or share in some shape or form. It could vary that there's a carve out. For example, UnitedHealthcare would send back an eligibility response and would tell you like optum is the behavioral health carve out for this patient. Once you track that in the eligibility check, you know that the claim needs to go to Optum and not to uhc. Now, some of the better payers, if you send it to uhc, they know that they have to forward it to Optum. And some payers just bounce it back. But you can get most like get a long way using eligibility checks. And tracking the entities related if there's a carve out or not. And then with time you'll build that knowledge at headway. We had an entire team just to track carve outs just because we worked with a thousand different payers. Okay.
Adam Harrison: So you're basically saying if you do the eligibility check well and you actually are identifying correctly where you need to submit the claims, then it should be, should be, you should be okay to manage this.
hadi.soueidan: It'll get you 90% of the way.
Adam Harrison: Yeah. There's never 100% with this stuff. So 90% is good.
hadi.soueidan: Yeah, yeah. Like, and with time you'll pick it up pretty quickly. Like you'll have 80% or 90% of the patients with like 20 or 30% of the payers that and like you'll build that knowledge pretty quickly of like these are the car routes. You're still going to learn it the hard way with some payers, but you'll get there. It's not that complicated. It's just keeping it in mind is the big thing.
Adam Harrison: Okay, thank you.
hadi.soueidan: I'm just trying to think. I'm building more on my experience with Headway right now than with steady. But I remember like United Healthcare was the biggest struggle now with like getting the claims through in terms of getting the remittances back because like I mentioned, like United Healthcare is a better payer. They send it. They like, they're good at forwarding the claims to the, to the, to the carve outs or to the entities that manage behavioral health. Right. But you need to be enrolled. You need to be enrolled with those entities in order to get the, in order to get the eras back. And we had a shit ton of missing eras because of that issue. But I can share a document with you that'll just give you a flavor that. Because we worked on this issue with them recently.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, whatever you can share would be awesome. We'd love to take a look.
hadi.soueidan: Yeah. Let me just pull it. Give me 30 seconds. It. Yeah. Found it. All right, check this list. It's in the chat. This is just to give you a flavor of how this could look once you start. So my interpretation of this is once you send a claim to United Healthcare, it could be forwarded to any of these commercial entities if you're like within their commercial service line.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Great, that'll be a fun, A fun thing to track. I mean, look, it's.
hadi.soueidan: There's no hundred percent here. As long as you get 90% of the way, you're. You're doing better than most of your peers out there. Great.
Jackson Bierfeldt: That's good to know. Okay. Yeah. Well, thank you for sharing this and thank you for the detail and everything else very quickly. I know we're at time here, but next steps. How should we start getting set up with this payer or sorry, with the integrated account. And then is there a specific guide somewhere for like, testing with it?
hadi.soueidan: We have. Let me. Okay, so we have a documentation that is dedicated for like provider accounts that. I'll share the link here in a sec. And then if you want to get set up, can you send me 150 by 150 PNG logo? Yeah. And then a loop and Will on the pricing piece. Once we nail, like iron that out. Yeah, we'll just. It'll take us maybe like just a day to set it up and. Yeah, you should be good to go.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Okay, that sounds great. I will send that over to you on Slack. Does that work?
hadi.soueidan: Yeah, yeah, send it in the same thread. I'll keep an eye there. And then, and then one more thing. These are our provider docs. Got it.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Okay. Yep. And so for testing, do I just go in and like create a new account and send something to the test payer from that account? Is that the preferred way to do it?
hadi.soueidan: You can do that. You mean like sign up for a basic account or like once we set you up.
Jackson Bierfeldt: You mean like, do I go into some testing environment and create accounts there or do I just go into the normal environment, public environment, and create a free basic account and add the Jot Psych app and do it that way?
hadi.soueidan: Let me. Let's set you up with an integrated account and then you can use that for testing. Like set up the process and then you can sign up and install the app and do the testing. It's more representative. Okay, perfect.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Okay, I'll get that logo over to you right away.
hadi.soueidan: Sounds good. Let me connect with Will and we'll be in touch. All right, thanks.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Adi. Course. Bye.