brittni roldan: Hi.
Adam Harrison: Hey, Brittany, how are you?
brittni roldan: I'm good. I'm sorry about that. I don't know if I was in an old link or what was happening, but. It was not joining.
Adam Harrison: Oh, no worries. I'm sorry about that. Yeah, it could have been, like, a bad link on the invite or something like that. But yeah. How are you doing? How's your week going?
brittni roldan: I'm doing good. How are you?
Adam Harrison: Not too bad, not too bad. We have our off site this week, so we are all together. We're doing like an AI kind of coach session now, so it's fun. We're all setting up our own little mentors to help us. It's kind of interesting.
brittni roldan: That's really interesting.
Adam Harrison: Yeah. So we'll see how it goes. I haven't gotten mine working yet, but hopefully by the end of today.
brittni roldan: Good luck.
Adam Harrison: Thank you. Thank you. But, yeah, I think we can kind of keep today super tight because we are kind of, like, in good shape, I think. But just wanted to give you quick status update. We did go through and submit your claims that you did for HealthLink. Looks like a lot of them were a little bit past the you said it was 30 days was like the timely filing. But I did see one that was actually from, I think it was, like, Friday that you submitted. So that one, I think we'll chase health link down and make sure that that one is kind of in good shape. And the others will do our best to try to get them reimbursed to you. So, yeah, there's some on our team who's going to be calling HealthLink this week to follow up on those. The other thing I wanted to check in with you on, I think we already discussed over email was like the ERA and EFT set up. Did you have any existing direct deposit set up with HealthLink? Or have you been getting paid by check? Or maybe not even getting paid at all yet by then?
brittni roldan: I got one check not paid at all.
Adam Harrison: Okay, so I think what we will do is we'll do the banking option. We discuss. It'll just go directly into account we set up for you. That we can have visibility into, and then from there, into your bank account. It's connected to Jotsyc, the only thing to be aware of. Sounds like HealthLink charges a 3% fee for direct deposit. You didn't want to do that. You could also do a virtual card or something like that. It might be kind of a hassle. Normally we just kind of recommend the direct deposit, but if you wanted to explore the card option, that one might not have the fee. I'd have to double check, though.
brittni roldan: Okay. I think I'm still okay with just direct deposit.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, I think just for the hassle and given you don't have too many health link patients, I think it's probably worthwhile. So that is. Yeah. So I think we're all good to go there.
Adam Harrison: We'll just get that. Make sure that process is in motion with Health Link. I think it just helps to call them because if you just email, nothing ever gets done.
Adam Harrison: As I'm sure you've experienced. And yeah, the other thing I wanted to touch base on was I know there were, like, a few other payers similar to HealthLink that you were doing direct, and if you wanted to get any of that set up, we could start that process. But if you want to just kind of, like, give it another week and keep rolling with help. Flink for now. We can also just punt on that for now.
brittni roldan: Yeah, the call alliance thing is something I want to do for sure. And she said as soon as I signed and returned the contract that it was good to go. So I did do that. I don't know how that goes as far as billing them. What information do you need from me?
Adam Harrison: To help.
Adam Harrison: I just need to know how you are credentialed with them. Like, it's the same credentialing info I'm assuming you have on file for HealthLink and everyone else, like, the same billing address, same MPI, like all that tax ID. Do you know when they're like, Are you already approved with them? Do you have, like, an effective date, a welcome letter, that stuff?
brittni roldan: Let me. Okay, so February 25, she said. I have signed the contract. On behalf of the plan and return a fully executed copy to you as quickly as possible. This agreement will be effective when we have received the signed document back in our office. Your providers will begin to appear in the online directory used by our members as quickly as possible. After that. So. Maybe I'll send her a follow up email and see what the deal is. Okay? I can't hear you now.
Adam Harrison: Oh, sorry. I was muted for some reason. Yeah, that sounds good. It's not totally clear from her email whether you are, like, fully live yet. If you want to just. If you want to just loop me in, I can also try to. Chat with her directly.
brittni roldan: Okay, sounds good. I just sent her an email and I did not include you, but we'll include you on the reply. I guess.
Adam Harrison: Okay, sounds good. Sounds good.
brittni roldan: And then the Blue Cross Blue Shield. They did respond to my email and they directed me to the self service online thing. I got to get on there and mess with that.
Adam Harrison: Okay? Got it. Credentialing. Yeah. Okay, perfect. We can come back to that another time. The last thing I wanted to show you is our eligibility check feature, which is now, like, turned on for your account. Do you by chance have your job site account handy? Because it's probably easiest to just have you click through it and make sure it's actually working for you, as opposed to me, like demoing it.
brittni roldan: Yeah.
Adam Harrison: Okay, cool. Would you be able to pull that up and share? So let's go to one of your health link patients. If you go to patients and just search. And then let me make sure it's turned on. Oh, I might not have turned this on for you. Give me one second, because there should be a billing tab next to overview. But I don't see it right now.
brittni roldan: Billing and auditing.
Adam Harrison: No, I mean, like on the patient, where it says under the patient name. Yeah, there should be one more there. And I think maybe I just forgot to turn it on for you to give me one second, okay? In. Worst case, I can just show you, and then you might have to try it on your own after.
brittni roldan: Okay?
Adam Harrison: Brittany. Access. Okay, well, I will have to check why this is not showing up for you, but let me see if I can get it. Different account.
brittni roldan: Okay? It was effective. 31. Perfect.
Adam Harrison: That was it. Showing up now. Wait, that's weird.
Adam Harrison: Where'd you see that?
brittni roldan: This is the email from Kimberly. She just replied. I'm sorry.
Adam Harrison: Oh, that's great. Okay, So I can just probably ask her. If you just let me in on the response, I can get, like the fee schedule and welcome letter.
Adam Harrison: And just the docs there that we need.
brittni roldan: Okay? She said that she expects to have the signed document back tomorrow. The VP had been out of town, so.
Adam Harrison: Okay, sweet. Okay? That is great. That's awesome news. Do you have a lot of patience with that? There?
brittni roldan: Well, right now I just have one. But now I'm going to be, like, on their roster or whatever, so I will accept other patients for that. Yeah. The only reason I signed up for it is because one of my Health Link people is now on that.
Adam Harrison: Got. It, okay? Makes sense. Okay, great. Well, rather than just making you wait here on me pulling up this demo, why don't we just. I'll just talk with the team, get that enabled for your account. But basically what you should see is there will be a billing tab right between overview and payments. And you'll just be able to click a button that's like, run eligibility check, and it'll tell you whether the coverage is active or not. And what the cost share is. If it notes. Sometimes it won't know the exact cost share, but most of the time, you should get a pretty good estimate.
brittni roldan: Okay, awesome.
Adam Harrison: Well, great. Well, I think we're all in good shape here. I'll just keep you updated over email as things progress here.
Adam Harrison: Do you want to just make this time like a quick, recurring touch point? Does that work for you? We could probably. We can just cancel it if we don't need it. But I think it's just helpful to have something on the calendar in case we need to, like, figure something out live. Does that work for you?
brittni roldan: Yeah, it does work. Next week. Let me see. And it works the week after that. Yeah. So it works the 17th and the 24th. So we can go ahead and do that the following week. I'll be out of town the 31st.
Adam Harrison: Okay, perfect. I'm just going to send it for now. I'm just going to make it recurring. And I'll use 30. First year out of town, so I'll cancel that. Okay, perfect. Yeah. So let's plan the next two weeks. After that, we might be able to just go to once every two weeks or something like that. Or we can just cancel it all together. But, yeah, that sounds good.
brittni roldan: Okay, I'll see you then.
Adam Harrison: Thanks, brittany.
brittni roldan: Bye.