Katie Donham: Hey, Katie. How are you? Good.
Adam Harrison: How are you?
Christopher Hume: Good. Doing well. Different location for you today.
Katie Donham: I know. I'm at. I'm at home. You caught me on a work from home day.
Christopher Hume: Awesome, awesome. Thanks for meeting. Yeah. Looking forward to running through the little agenda.
Katie Donham: Adam, is it, like, frigid where you are?
Adam Harrison: Good question. It is a little cold in the office today, so. And I don't really have a, like, you know, I have, like, a T shirt and I have a jacket, so I, you know, don't really have
Katie Donham: that branded sweatshirt that stays on the back of your chair at all times.
Adam Harrison: I know, I know. I have a job site sweatshirt. And sadly, it's, like, a little small for me, so now my girlfriend gets to use it a bunch, but I know. So work from home. I don't have this problem because I have, like, and sweaters to choose from at any given time.
Katie Donham: But, Yeah, I saw this and I was looking through it. I have a bunch of questions for me to understand exactly what's going on. Will you just, like, start by giving me a voiceover of this and I'll ask questions as we go?
Christopher Hume: Yeah, that would be super, super helpful. So last week, Nate and I, just for context, kind of level set, kind of just built a rough plan for what we're going to be doing in terms of sales GTM stuff for 2026. So this is kind of how we broke it down. I'll walk through it and then. Yeah, just stop me at any point, Katie, and we can dive into detail. Cool. So first we have, like, B2C. We're broken things out to B2C activities, activities that impact B2C and B2B and then just B2B activities. So the only, like, just B2C activities that we're looking at are just, like, really improving our intent filter.
Christopher Hume: So that is both, like, business rules. So, you know, only a certain level of support until they swipe a credit card. Like, we just. We're a super lean team. We're definitely offering too much. And then we also need to improve the questions we're asking when people log in. So we know who to target, who's icp, who isn't. And then we also just, like, from a technical standpoint, we don't authenticate phone numbers. So people just use the same phone number over and over and just create a bunch of trial accounts and never pay, which is ridiculous.
Katie Donham: But those are people who clearly see value in the software. Clearly see value.
Christopher Hume: Yeah, I think I called, like, I don't know, 120100 something. 120 people, let's say. And probably, like, 10 of the numbers were duplicates, and that was just in a month. It was pretty wild. Wow. So there's some. Yeah, there's some pretty. Yeah. So that's B2C before I move on to kind of some of the more intense stuff here. Katie, any thoughts there or questions we'll go through in detail, but any questions like big picture about that?
Katie Donham: Yeah. Part of me is like, is there a way to do like some self like the White Glove onboarding meeting? Is there any of that content that you get there that you can make self serve for people who don't meet that criteria or is that not even worth the time and effort?
Christopher Hume: We should do a better job. I just like. I don't know. Adam, I would actually love your opinion here. I know just putting you on the spot. I just. We definitely need to improve and like push that. But I think. Yeah, I just don't know how much more we can prioritize that.
Adam Harrison: What do you think, Adam? I don't know if I know enough about how the White Glove onboarding has evolved to know like what could be self serve versus not. I know we did some like product videos at some point which people didn't really watch. People just sort of feel like they sort of just need to be like handheld through a lot of them. They just like. I don't know, it's. It's like strange. They're maybe I feel like pain point was more acute or if there were like nuts. A lot of our people are very kind of like just like frazzled and get distracted easily and yeah, it's. You kind of just have to like corral them. So I don't personally see like a very clear path to like automating the onboarding. We have automated some of the like reactivation. So when their trial expires they do get a series of like emails and texts that get progressively like more you know, like lucrative offers, like starting with a reminder that your subscription is canceled and then you know, offering for a short extension and then offering like a discount on a first month. And we actually have gotten like, you know, a number of people to convert that way before we have like a human agent call them. So.
Katie Donham: Yeah.
Adam Harrison: But yeah, as far as the onboarding, I'm like don't see as clear a path.
Katie Donham: Okay, cool. That's totally fine.
Christopher Hume: Okay, so that's B2C then B2B and B2C. So we need to improve or update kind of our digital ads funnel and our refer. Or our digital ads channel and our referrals channel. Yeah, they're both kind of chugging along I think especially referrals we know it's like a high value. Like, that's. People who are referred in are more likely to convert, they're more likely to stick around. And it's just something we have not optimized for at all. Like it's kind of hidden in the software.
Christopher Hume: We don't have a process to remind people. It's just like definitely a weak part point on our software. So we're trying to, we're having our front end team, a front end engineer, trying like improve the location of the product to see if that does anything cool. And then once we get results from that, I think, Adam, it'll probably fall to us probably. Probably more on my side of the house to kind of build like business rules around that. And if we want to do emails or whatever to remind people. So those are the referrals. Adam, before I go through the rest of the this like both B2B. B2C pipeline, do you want to say anything about digital ads? Okay, I'll keep chugging.
Adam Harrison: So then. Sorry, was that I'm like up your agenda? Was this the spot I was supposed to talk about digital ads?
Christopher Hume: No, no, no, no. This is just the high level strategy stuff. So we want people to start their accounts. We're thinking of improving kind of a little bit the self service support. Katie, with kind of AI agents on every page. We rolled out kind of a beta of this. Mixed results. Some people, it really helped. Some people got super frustrated. We're also wondering if there's a way to improve our text out back or our text communications to people as well using these agents. So when they reach out, they don't wait six hours to have a real person text them back. Instead it's an agent like, oh, look in the right hand corner of your screen or something like that. So those are things that would kind of just support the onboarding experience both for B2C and B2B people. Then as I said, we need to be like more strict with kind of what value we're offering. So if we start to customize their experience, if we start to do things Outside of a 15 minute onboarding session, they need to swipe their credit card. Just, hey, right away. Just like show us some intent, I guess.
Katie Donham: Are there any questions you can get? Because I'm like, you shouldn't be giving 15 minute onboarding for free.
Christopher Hume: Okay, so that's what you think.
Katie Donham: No, unless. Unless you can tell from those questions like, are you talking to someone who runs this function at a large company and you're basically using it as a sales call. Really? So that's. You're already getting the product for free. Unless you really think that, like it is so confusing that like there is like people are like that. That is the only, that is like the best way to get, I mean, obviously it's the best way that it is like going to improve the experience so much. But, like, you shouldn't be giving away a 15 minute call for free.
Christopher Hume: The I, I mean, I, I sort of agree. We did a whole customer. I've come around to agree. We did a customer success experiment over the past month and do group onboarding.
Katie Donham: We do that. We have like a weekly group onboarding call.
Katie Donham: Yeah, I don't know.
Christopher Hume: That's what we used to do.
Christopher Hume: And it was just like. That was actually. I mean, as a whole, aside. That was more a limitation of calendly. It doesn't let you rotate hosts and rotate and have more than one person join, but neither here nor there. Got it. Yeah. I did customer success where I called every single person. The big learning was that there's just a ton of like fake people. I ended up Talking to a 16 year old who was looking for a prescription horribly. Like, I felt just really weird. It feels super wrong because I had scheduled the meeting with him. He's like, oh, do you help with adhd? I'm like, oh, yeah, we do ADHD sessions. And kid had. It was bad.
Katie Donham: It's super bad.
Christopher Hume: And then we had some people that we got on the line. We're like, okay, what happens if we do customize the experience? Like, I send them gentle reminders to use it first. Like conversion down that funnel to get people to actually attend a meeting. Tough. And then even the two people I customize the experience for didn't impact them at all. They churned or never converted. So I agree with you and this is kind of. Yeah, helpful feedback.
Katie Donham: Like, keep moving before I just. Maybe there is value in offering it because it shows intent. Like if you think that. Not that people will even take you up on it.
Christopher Hume: Not that many people will take us up on it. We just need to find an easier way to get them to the point where we can offer it. Because it can't be me calling everyone.
Christopher Hume: Yeah, okay, cool. So then the idea is we get them to convert and then now kind of where we see we're like completely redoing our pricing structure. We're offering new features where we're going to help with billing. And so we want to start selling some of those features. Sorry, let me just fix this person that we just re reactivated. Let me just fix her account. I think. Oh my goodness. We want to upsell kind of our eligibility and our billing features to customers we already have. And we think that's like a really enticing opportunity. It would. I mean, going from A jot psych AI scribe prescription to a jotbill subscription is like a 10x.
Christopher Hume: Oh, yeah, sorry. One second. 1 15, 26. All right, there we go. Okay, so any questions there or thoughts there Katie, before I move on to.
Katie Donham: No, I think that's great. Okay.
Christopher Hume: Yeah. So then B2B we have kind of three here. We've cold calling. This isn't quite right now I have a ton of questions for you on our current experiment but I just really think there's something here. The leading indicators suggest. Yes, the actual KPIs are certainly not as conclusive. We need to improve network effects. We have nothing in the software that tries to pull people in. If you create a document with JOC psych, it doesn't put anything about job psych in the footer. If you want to share a note with someone, it doesn't pull them into the software. There's just all these places around the edges where we could try and create network effects both for within an organization and outside an organization.
Katie Donham: That said who engages with like if you're like sharing a note or any of the things that might have network effect, who would touch them? That is also another practitioner versus just a like patient.
Christopher Hume: Yeah, so that's the thing we probably we need to do like more research into like what features do we think go to other job other potential providers. Is it like document sharing is kind of what I initially thought I thought of or sharing notes intra practice to like try and grow share when people. Because we have a lot of practices where some of the providers just won't use job psych. That said we just not a focus right now because that's not going to exponentially grow the company. And additionally it requires probably a significant amount of engineering time to change the product.
Katie Donham: Got it.
Christopher Hume: Then the last one, this we're not going to talk a ton about but Nate as a CEO special project is investigating acquiring an RCM company like a mom and pop shop that does billing for psychiatrists already and try revenue cycle management. And so right now there's a lot of like small businesses that will do this for other small businesses. So if you're a one or two man psychiatrist shop, you have a biller, you know who's doing this for you. Maybe they have 50 psychiatrists and Nate is investigating. Can we buy their book of business, do it for cheaper because we're kind of using our AI platform which is in the progress of being built and then convert them to kind of like full boat jot psych customers? Remains to be seen. Okay, so any more thoughts or questions before I kind of jive into some of the questions I have for you?
Katie Donham: Katie, how are you deciding. From the B2B funnel, who goes through the pilot pitch versus who gets sent through PLG?
Christopher Hume: That's a good question. Anyone right now who's coming in as a new B2B person is going to be pilot pitch? Okay. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Plg. Like, it would just be when, like, an office manager is like, hey, we just had someone join the clinic, add them, because we don't have any additional, as I said, network effects or anything like that.
Katie Donham: Yeah. Yeah. Okay, cool. And then what is. What does your 11 labs text agent do?
Christopher Hume: We haven't set that up yet. That's like a future development thing. Right now we have an agent in product that verbally can answer questions about, like, where stuff is in the. On that specific page. Yeah. Reactions are mixed. Some people, they're like, okay, cool. And then some people, like, lose their mind and expect it to be, like, a tech support agent. Like, hey, something went wrong with the. The software. Can you fix this bug? And, like, it can't do that. It can just, like, show them around.
Katie Donham: Yeah.
Christopher Hume: So we're trying to. We're still playing with that. Nate is working on that right now.
Katie Donham: Got it. Okay. Yeah. I mean, I really. I think that all makes sense. It's just. How are you, like, fueling that engine? Like, there's the, like, cold calling. Yeah. Network effects, paid digital, and then I guess. What. What portion of your business are you thinking will be B2B versus B2C this year?
Christopher Hume: I. That's probably something we need to decide. We were trying to kind of pivot entirely to B2B. Okay.
Katie Donham: That makes. Wanted to confirm that that was, like.
Christopher Hume: No, that was generally the case. But now there's so much more value in B2C customers because, like, if you convert them to a billing to a jot bill customer, and they're giving you 10 or 8% of their annual revenues, like, oh, the math completely changes. So, like, that's a really good question to ask and something that, like, I need to talk. We need to talk with Nate about, because, Adam, I don't. I don't really know what we want the mix to be anymore. Before, we were trying to kind of shift all the small B2B, but now B2C is much more attractive. I don't know if you have any thoughts, Adam.
Adam Harrison: B2C is more attractive to B2B, you're saying?
Christopher Hume: No, not more attractive, but it's gotten so much more attractive as we're looking at potentially selling billing services to them that, I don't know, sort of what Nate sees as like an ideal split of customers. Like B2C versus B2B anymore.
Adam Harrison: Interesting. Okay, I think we probably. From a billing standpoint, would prefer to serve fewer larger customers. Like operationally it's probably easier to manage. Okay.
Katie Donham: Because that's like it feels from here that like the focus is really on B2B. And if you really wanted to focus on B2C, I would suggest like figuring out more about that experience, but feels like B2B is probably like you're, you're putting your efforts where it should be.
Christopher Hume: Okay.
Adam Harrison: Yeah. And a little bit of our strategy for this year is focused around moving into RCM and billing and that thing is going to be hybrid AI software services. Cool. Eventually get more productized over time. Yeah. But yeah, so I think that like aligns better with like a B, you know, like a small B2B person.
Christopher Hume: Right.
Katie Donham: Yeah. Cool. Right. Beta SMB.
Katie Donham: Like you can scrape a lot of that data and like put like use it on ads, use it for cold calling, all of that.
Christopher Hume: Yeah. We can talk about this when we get to the cold calling. We're still kind of. I think the main issue is like our data quality is bad, but we'll get to there. Okay. Okay. So then we already talked about this top of funnel stuff, so I don't think we need to go through all of it. So cell phone number authentication is like a huge. Like I'm going to be pounding the table at the engineers, seeing if there's any engineers behind me to like beg them to turn that on as quickly as possible. Yeah. And then also we're going to work with kind of the product team to see how much more information we can squeeze out during that onboarding experience.
Christopher Hume: So I think like we have no idea why people are joining job. I mean we do have an idea but like people don't give us like any signal when we log in as to like why they're using the software. Right. You just like always assumed it was like, oh, time savings, whatever. And so the big thing that I think we need to do is kind of primary goal of using job site and then like secondarily I think we want to find organization size. Yeah. And then just like get them to tell us if they're some sort of person of authority. Yeah. The bottom two we can probably get through web scraping, but it's always a balance. Right. Like the data isn't as good, but you also don't want to put too many questions.
Katie Donham: And you do ask for their domain already because I don't know if any of them are like using Gmail email addresses.
Christopher Hume: We do not ask for their domain. And oh yeah, a lot of people doing a lot of medical stuff on Gmail.
Katie Donham: Yahoo. Yeah. I would ask for their website. And then for the primary goal, I would also put an other. Because if you're getting a lot of other, then you, like, it's, it's, like, helpful to understand that maybe you're not. Better. You haven't like hit the nail on the head yet.
Christopher Hume: Yeah, that's a really good idea. Sure. Like product P. Product market fit. Yeah.
Adam Harrison: Stuff.
Katie Donham: And then. Yeah. Go call those people and figure out what their other is.
Christopher Hume: Yeah. Anything else that like, I know you're not like entrenched.
Katie Donham: Yeah. But domain like. Because you want to be able to figure out who their. What their business is. So then maybe when you do get better at scraping, you don't have to ask those questions you asked. Yeah. Why? And then. Yeah. Being able to segment them is great.
Christopher Hume: Okay. Okay. Adam, this is the bottom part here, I think is you.
Adam Harrison: Okay. Yes. So we right now are not shipping any new ads on a weekly basis because just no one is owning that and we don't have the skill set of creating content. So we're trying to figure out how we solve this. I think the goal is every week we should have 10 or 20 or 30 new like creative things that we're putting into Meta to test and then we're scaling the winners, killing the losers. Yeah. So we're sort of like experimenting with a bunch of different profiles of people. So one is someone who's more of like a. We started with like a content marketer kind of profile, but I think a lot of the candidates we got were more sort of like blog post oriented and white papers and not really like performance based creative that would go in like meta. So that then we kind of shifted the JD a bit to more of like a. We called it creative producer and we had some like mixed success with that. We also started looking at more like creators and influencers to do more like UGC style content of like, you know, short form, kind of like selfie and then like recording your laptop and experimenting with that. So we have a few candidates now that we're sort of like. Yeah, we're sort of speaking to. And there's also like some advice I got was also to talk to or do like a LinkedIn search for people who used to work at these meta creative agencies that do this all the time. For consumer brands, I think it's more like consumer products. And there's kind of two profiles there. One is. More of like editors who are taking concepts that they're given and actually like creating the content and editing it. And then there's people who are called like creative strategists. And those are the people who are like reviewing what comes out of Meta and then like deciding what the themes are. That should work. It's really hard to find someone who does both, but I think that's kind of what we're trying to find now.
Katie Donham: There's not, there's not going to be someone who makes great content and does the strategy because it's like two different brains.
Adam Harrison: Yeah. So we're kind of trying to figure out like, do we, you know, we don't really want to hire a full time person. We are trying to figure out if we do a contractor, if we have to do multiple contractors, if we do. I mean, I think Nate, like doesn't want to do an agency, but it is like, that is certainly like a path right. Where we find these people, like what we look for.
Adam Harrison: So I think we like are making progress here. But if you had any general counsel outside of what we're already doing, that would be helpful. Yeah. I mean, two things.
Katie Donham: I work with this consultant that I really love.
Katie Donham: He's like, he's also just a really good thought partner for me. He set up and runs all of our ads. He does B2B. He's done some B2C. I would really recommend him. I work with him through an agency called Right side Up. But I wonder if I could just recommend you to him directly. Yeah, you save like a little bit. But he. And then he has a. He has a. Like I, I use his creative contractor does not. This person does not make video ads. But they make great static ads. And the static ads work pretty well for us.
Katie Donham: We do a little bit of video a ton. I think you should at least meet with him.
Adam Harrison: Yeah. Like, because that's awesome.
Katie Donham: I would love to do that. Agencies. No. Yeah, they're usually like crap. So. And I just like feel really lucky that I found him.
Katie Donham: Yeah, that would be awesome.
Adam Harrison: If you don't mind. And yeah, we probably will do a little bit of like, because, you know, ideally we just have one person who does creative, like who does the concepts, who builds the creative, who does static, who does video. We'll probably just need to like maybe do a combination of your consultant plus some like more video oriented folks. But that would be awesome if you don't mind making an intro.
Katie Donham: Yeah. And I mean, I'm also happy to work on like creative concepts with you guys as well. I don't know if you have a list of direct competitors, because you also can just, like, put those names into Facebook's creative asset library. I forget if we talked about that, but there's a way you can go see, like, all ads that are running in Facebook and you can check by company.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, yeah, we.
Katie Donham: We have been.
Adam Harrison: Tracking that. Well, we know how to track that. We haven't really been. No one's.
Katie Donham: There isn't, like.
Adam Harrison: Yeah.
Katie Donham: To do it.
Adam Harrison: Correct.
Katie Donham: Yeah, that's the problem. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. I will intro you to Matt.
Adam Harrison: Amazing.
Katie Donham: And I was going to intro. I mean, and then let me know what you think, because that I can also introduce you to the creative guide separately. But if you work with Matt, you'll work with him. Like, I don't have to interact. I've only hopped on a call with him once ever, because I always, like, Matt's helped brief him.
Adam Harrison: And Matt, is he, like, in your meta account, like, looking at campaign? He's like the creative strategist guy.
Katie Donham: Yeah. Yeah. He's, like, running the ads. I mean, I like doing creative strategy, so we do it a lot together, but he's very much helping me think about, like, what's working, what's not. What are other competitors doing? What should we be trying to.
Adam Harrison: Okay, yeah, that would be great if. How much do you think this is going to, like, cost us?
Katie Donham: I guess we pay him, what, 140 an hour? Maybe we have to pay him 150 or 140. But he doesn't get all of that. The agency gets some of it.
Adam Harrison: So I don't know what about in terms of, like. In terms of, like, output.
Katie Donham: So one thing is I wish you were, like, a little faster or, like, I wish. Basically, I wish he could get more done with the hours that he gives to us. But, like, doesn't everyone want that? I think depend. Like, he gives me. I get 10 hours a week from him. I know he has a couple other clients. I think another one was gonna roll off. So he might have time. But if you guys, like, time box things and just, like, work through a list of priorities, like, he can start taking things off. Like, is it. You can also, like, kick off some creative while you're thinking about different audiences and then start testing from there.
Adam Harrison: Got it. So do you think, like, 10 hours, like, how many, like, on average, how many new creative concepts are you shipping per week with that?
Katie Donham: He's doing so much more than that for us. He's also running the ads. But, like, he. Like, we meet for an hour a week. We just met earlier today, and we go through performance. He and I talk through creative. But, like, it's probably, like, once a month. We'll do a full hour of creative concepts, and we'll end up with, like, I don't know, five to six, like, discrete concepts, and we'll do multiple variations on each of them because it's less about, like, the volume and more about, like, thinking strategically, so you're getting closer to hitting the nail on the head.
Katie Donham: Like, sometimes I know it's like, how many at baths and stuff like that, but.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, no, no, that's super helpful. We will definitely like that with them. It sounds like you're using them for, like, a pretty broad mandate, so it's probably hard to, like, give an exact comparison here. So we'll, we'll need to like figure out what makes sense. Like. Yeah, there is a lot of value in just the like media buying strategy. Yeah.
Katie Donham: Even when I had a full time person doing it, I still met with him like once a. Once every six weeks to just be like, what are you learning from your other accounts that you can tell me?
Adam Harrison: Yeah. Okay. That's awesome. Yeah, that would be a great person for us to talk to because there's probably so much opportunity there.
Katie Donham: Yeah.
Adam Harrison: Introduce you guys. All right, sorry Chris, back to you. Oh, you're muted, Chris, by the way.
Christopher Hume: Someday I'll get it. Someday I'll get it. No, that was all awesome stuff. Thank you, Katie. Okay, now my hobby horse passion project.
Christopher Hume: I never thought I would end up place in my life where I say that about cold calling, but. So we have a pretty senior SDR running just like a cold call experiment right now. I think we probably talked about this last time I did a demo of ZoomInfo. Wasn't super impressed with their coverage for our market. And now that we're running through, I'm not super impressed with the fidelity of the data either. Really? Yeah, no, it's been. We can go through it. So he's put 90 people in the flow so far, our sequence, which is like, I don't know, eight, I should know, but it's like eight phone calls and four emails or something like that. So he's put 90 people into that sequence. He's had 176 dials, four pickups, one accepted call to action, which is a meeting to learn about pilot pitches. But we had seven bounced emails, which is especially brutal because I put it through unbounced first and like took out, I, I took out some emails and we've had 12 phone numbers that he flagged as invalid, either just like call and they go straight to bp, just, you know, busy. Straight to bpp, straight to busy signal or didn't work. I'm actually like, that sucks. They were, they're not going to be our long term vendor, so I don't actually. It's like, wow, it's kind of brutal. But we're using a different domain. It's. It's not going to. Yeah, I'm just concerned because it eats up the number of like valid prospects we're chasing to like really prove whether or not B2B works. Yeah.
Christopher Hume: Excuse me, but I would love to just hear kind of your thoughts on this flow, kind of these metrics.
Christopher Hume: Not the flow itself, but these metrics, like what jumps aside from invalid numbers and fast emails. What jumps out to you here, if anything?
Katie Donham: So remind me, this is still, like you're calling people who've given you their phone number.
Christopher Hume: No, no, no, no, no.
Katie Donham: This is too cold. Truly cold. Okay. It's not the other one we talked about.
Christopher Hume: Yeah.
Katie Donham: Yeah. I mean, your data shouldn't be that bad.
Christopher Hume: Yeah, no, definitely not.
Katie Donham: Yeah, I'm not surprised. What? What is boring? To.
Christopher Hume: It's like a 2%.
Katie Donham: It was like. Yeah, actually, let me open 2.2. Let me see what our nu is right now.
Christopher Hume: And those were one real conversation. One person picked up, hung up on him immediately. One person was like, hey, I'm not interested. And one person, actually, he left a voicemail and immediately called him back and they chatted and the guy wasn't interested.
Katie Donham: Oh, okay. What is our connect rate right now? Our connect rate. Across our team, like, our connect rates like 10% right now.
Christopher Hume: And that's across dials or across. Wow. Okay.
Katie Donham: And what.
Christopher Hume: So this is really like a data issue, I would assume. Yeah.
Katie Donham: Okay. Yeah. Like, you have that many that are invalid, but how many people. It's still an in. Like, it's an incorrect number. It's just not like, straight up invalid.
Christopher Hume: Yeah, I guess that's a good point. But I mean, again, like, that's like an. Okay, so that's helpful to know. So you have a 10 pickup rate. That's crazy.
Katie Donham: But also, I mean, fitness studios, like, they're picking up their phone all the time because it could be a customer.
Christopher Hume: Oh. Because do you do a lot of front desk? Yeah. Oh, oh, okay. Of course. So that's like a complete. We're aiming for cell phone numbers because the front desk person typically doesn't have authority and it's tough to get through the gatekeeper.
Katie Donham: I would. I would honestly try both because cell phone data is much more likely to be incorrect.
Christopher Hume: Okay. I mean, again, we're talking about my hobby horse. I was talking with Adam this afternoon. We're rolling out this feature eligibility checks. I mean, we have rolled it out and the people who do that actually are. Oh, no, sales guy. It's all good. It's ready.
Katie Donham: It's ready to roll. No worries.
Christopher Hume: The person who typically does that is the front desk person. So I wonder if that's sort of a wedge we can have. Hey, like, we're calling whatever you craft it. Like, we're. You know, could this be a good. And it would potentially be possible to get them on our side because a big pain in their job.
Katie Donham: We know. Yeah, we talked about this. Of like, yeah, how do you solve a problem for them so they are more open to. Yes. Yeah. Like, I would. Once you have that. I would. Because I. I don't want your experiment to fail because the cell phone numbers were bad versus, like, testing. Talking to front desk people as well. Because that'll help you understand. Is the data that much better and can you get a hold of people or can you get people to bite at the front desk.
Christopher Hume: Okay. And then I guess just, like, if we look overall at funnel metrics, I think you told me that you were about, like, a one. Percent from prospect to meeting booked rate.
Katie Donham: Yeah. Let me. Right now. Yeah. We have dialed 4800 prospects in the last seven days, and we have 41 meetings booked.
Christopher Hume: Okay. So, I mean, not to, like, again, I'm biased because I really want this to work, but like, 90 prospects, or let's say. Yeah, what are 90 prospects with this new flow? And one meeting, even if we're having issues with the connection rate, is actually like. Do you think this is just. I mean, an n of 1. It could just be noise, but it.
Katie Donham: What? Yeah, I. Until you actually have some, like, repeatable data. Because what if you don't get another meeting booked for, like, 300 more prospects?
Christopher Hume: Yeah, that would suck. That would certainly suck. Yeah. Okay.
Katie Donham: Because also being able to find contact data and, like, in the volume you need is, like, an important part of understanding if this can. If this. Excuse me. Really has legs.
Christopher Hume: Okay. Okay. I don't think I have anything else here. This gives me a lot to work with. Okay. Yeah. Perfect. I think, actually we've talked a lot about our customer support policy change.
Katie Donham: Yeah. So, like, voice agent, I think is going to be tough, though.
Christopher Hume: Yeah. The one calling everyone who joins. I kind of agree. I don't. I think that should. Yeah. I kind of remember your reaction to when we talked about AI artwork. So.
Katie Donham: So I had a feeling that we're gonna have.
Christopher Hume: I am super bearish on that. Like, I saw how much of a nightmare it was when I, as a human being was calling people, so I can't imagine what they would do if it was a bot.
Katie Donham: And it's just like. Like, I am all for it once it works. But, like, I just don't think companies that are, like, targeting people who are, like, anti AI or like, probably freaked out about AI or like, the people to be at the front line of this.
Katie Donham: Like, also, as soon as somebody has a bad experience with your thing and it's like, it's AI, like, can you believe it?
Christopher Hume: Like, yeah.
Katie Donham: It could sour someone who's, like, very excited about using your product.
Christopher Hume: Okay. Yep. Customer agent. And then. Yeah, I guess, like, from your perspective, we kind of touched on this before when we were going through strategy stuff, like the broader strategy. But how do you sort of. Yeah. How do you manage, like, the customer support trying to get people to see value versus, like, hey, we're a small team. We can't keep, like, wasting time here.
Katie Donham: Yeah. I mean, we, like, we moved, so we have a dollar fifty nine a month. Product and we have our like $5,000 a year product and 59 we and we started with only did not use 359 used to be cheaper and we used to give everyone getting cheap software great support and now we've like slightly moved away. Like you don't get live chat if you're paying us that little. I think it's hard because you're on a trial though. Like if you're able to provide great like if you're, if you don't provide great support during the trial people assume that's what it's going to be like the whole time. Not just after they pay you. But I mean but that's also like if the trial is free what are you gonna do? Because you just like don't want there to be like same thing I feel about with the voice agent. Like I don't. You don't even have to cancel for like any reason that wasn't like the product or they didn't see that like like any unforced errors that could make them like not consider you even if they found the product valuable. I like would want to try and control for. Yeah. Is it right now you have too much support volume from free trialers or you are assuming you will hit that at scale?
Christopher Hume: Adam, I would. I don't know what your thoughts. I think we're probably approaching. We have yeah this thesis that like if we provide really good support, show people the value like we can improve the way they convert. But like we've just been spending so much. I've been spending so much time with these low intent people. Like it's completely not sustainable and we don't see the like we don't see the roi.
Katie Donham: Can you tell that like when you say they're low intent is it because those questions that they filled out it is clear. Or you can just tell from the way that they're interacting with you that they're low intent.
Christopher Hume: I guess that's a good question. And maybe it's like maybe they weren't low intent originally but it's people who will like get on the meeting with me, send me their template. I'll create this happened twice created a custom template for you, for them and then they're just like I just, I don't have time to implement this. Thanks though. Or people who will jump on the saw on the meeting with me and then never respond to any of my check ins or anything like that.
Katie Donham: And I'm like yeah, I mean but that I guess when I yeah like you can provide great support, but maybe not on a zoom call. Like, yeah. Can you do it via chat or email? Like, yeah, because. Yeah. I mean, because if you were to, like, even just build a template for someone and send it back to them, it would take you less time than going on the meeting call. Yeah. I think it's like, really, the zoom call.
Katie Donham: Like, I feel like. Yeah, you should go back. Yeah. Should you really not hop on a zoom until they've given you money, but then the.
Christopher Hume: From a customer or from a. Just like our ic? Well, I don't know if they're icp, but the people who sign up for this, like, a lot of them as kind of maybe Adam alluded to, like, don't.
Katie Donham: Average age. What's the average age of people using?
Christopher Hume: 50s, probably. And then we have like, of course, here's some young users, but we have a significant number of, like, older users. Like this one woman in particular I can. Customer success with. I think I was. I was explaining to her how to change tabs.
Katie Donham: No.
Christopher Hume: And so, like, that woman would never get help from a chat bot. But also, I don't think so. And I. But I think the realization is that someone who's that sort of tech, technically not there probably isn't going to get support from me either.
Katie Donham: No. And she's going to be a huge fucking headache.
Katie Donham: Like, we, like, yeah, we just got a customer who, in order to try a free trial of our software, wanted to shut her studio down for seven days. And we were like, no, you are going to be like, my support team is going to be so angry that we let you become a customer. Like, you're going to become like, supports, like, biggest nightmare. Because we do have live chat, we were starting to test like, live phone call or zoom call. Like, but we also, we are now at a place where we have the luxury of being able to say no. And I know you guys don't necessarily. I wonder if there's like, if you make it available, if people are looking for it, but you don't like, proactively message it unless you can tell that they're high intent.
Christopher Hume: Yeah. I think that is probably like, we leave. We have in products some ability to sign up with us. Yes. And just even finding that link is probably an indication of some intent. Yeah. But then, yeah. Offering it to people who.
Katie Donham: Because if you're making call seem super valuable, like, you probably are making it seem pretty valuable and that's why people are taking you up on it with no real intent of using the product.
Christopher Hume: Yeah, yeah, real.
Katie Donham: It's.
Christopher Hume: Yeah, it's tough. It's just funny. Of all the times to show our value, it's when they're going to take our time on the meeting.
Katie Donham: Yeah, of course.
Christopher Hume: Okay. Adam, I just want to. I know we have like 15 minutes left here. Do you have anything you want to jump in on? Any questions, anything going around your. Your head? Sorry, I know you might have a bunch of tabs up. Can't get to the unmute button. You're. You're muted, Adam.
Adam Harrison: It's always one of us, Right? Yeah. I did want to spend a few minutes on the sort of RCM thing, but, Chris, I also.
Katie Donham: Got it.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, but, Chris, I also didn't want. I know, like, your. Your like, questions. Definitely take priority on this call. So I will try to maybe we like wrap up anything else. Yeah.
Christopher Hume: First I think this kind of. Yeah, this is kind of poorly structured. This is very similar. So we can, yeah, I guess sort of. Katie, if we could maybe to wrap up my section. Let me just pull up the kind of sales strategy thing here. Yeah. And just you've given me a ton, a ton of great feedback here and stuff to work on. Just then looking at this again, is there anything else you think I should have been thinking of? Questions that I didn't ask that I should have asked? Anything that you're like, seems like they're sort of going off the rails here. Would you appreciate that gut check?
Katie Donham: I don't think so. Yeah, I, I, I also think you've like simplified this and it feels pretty good. It like I'm also curious like at some point you'll have data to show where the drop offs are and that'll be because then we can like start double clicking where the biggest drops are which I imagine you guys are probably already doing.
Christopher Hume: We're running that experiment right now trying to dig through all the data and see where people are like oh, they get to the tutorial and they just stop using.
Katie Donham: Yeah. And then one thing we'll probably talk about with RCM is like you have jot bill sell at the very end but I imagine it could start as soon as the pilot pitch. Yes. Like you don't have to bought in on jot psych to
Christopher Hume: no, I think it's probably later because we're trying to slow roll it a little bit because it's not ready for prime time. We could end up with some pretty tough weeks if we oversell. So I think it's sort of like Adam is starting to productize eligibility checks. So the idea here is we start building that pipeline slowly and reasonably and then like that's sort of the an Eligibility checks are like we check if people are insured. We kind of prove our value to customers with that.
Katie Donham: What do you mean? Like, like business insurance, health insurance.
Christopher Hume: So when you show up to the doctor like the front desk person typically has to go through and Adam, you know more than I do here but like call the insurance agencies or read the policies and so we are starting to do that for people and it's going to get more and more automated or Adam's just more and more late nights and weekends here or both viable growth levers. And so the idea is that we start to fill that pipeline as and then when people are like Holy shit, this is great. They're like, oh, do you want to try our billing software? And that's kind of how we can grow with our existing customer base. And then eventually, yeah, we can just sell that to people directly.
Katie Donham: Cool.
Christopher Hume: I guess the last. Yeah, I guess I don't really have many more. I guess just to double click on cold calling because, like, again, my hobby horse. But I'm, like, really concerned that either my biases are going to have us, like, keep kind of running down this path or, like, kind of have shitty data. I thought this was going to be a good, like, yes or no experiment and, like, maybe the data isn't even good enough. Do you have any thoughts there on, like, how I can better get a definitive answer here, like, on this channel or, like, kind of even what you think about the channel? Just, like, I know it's a big growth lever for you.
Katie Donham: Yeah, I mean, I'm really bullish on it. It just like. I mean, for us, it took us a really long time to figure it out, and it was like, it's literally just the data.
Christopher Hume: Yeah. And we.
Katie Donham: There are also, like, something you could do is hire offshore VAs to check the data so that your SDR is not doing all of the checking. Unless you've. Unless that's, like, what you want to do.
Christopher Hume: It's not. Yeah. That's not a good use of time, certainly. And, Katie, just how long did it take you to kind of crack that B2B cold outbound code?
Katie Donham: So we started doing it end of 2023. It kind of, like, limped along. Well, I am biased because I believe it started working when I started working with the team, but it was working, like, a little bit earlier than that. But because what, like, RSTRs don't search for their own leads. They're literally given a list. And so. Well, and, like, I can tell, like, last list was a bad list, and our numbers show it. So it's really, like, how long it takes you to find the right data source.
Christopher Hume: Okay. Okay. Yeah, no, that's. I think that's completely.
Katie Donham: Have you used clay for a data source?
Christopher Hume: Have you tried it? So, yeah, we're our. If I get some sort of signal from. From this, which I'm sort of like, I know we might not get another meeting for 300 prospects, but, like, we got one out of 90, there's still a chance to get another one. We're developing a workflow with one of our contractors where they use exa AI and then pushes everything through clay, and it seems like we get a pretty big list from that. So this is helpful. There's a lot to think of. I want to be kind of make sure we give Adam a little time here to talk about the RCM stuff. Cool. If I think of anything else here Katie, I might just shoot you. What's the best way to your Gmail? Or is the jotsych email use my. Yeah, yeah, certainly. I know how it is when you have the email that you don't actually check that much and then.
Katie Donham: Added to Slack, I like panic. I was like, am I missing all these messages from. No, no, no, no.
Christopher Hume: Okay, cool. Adam, all you.
Christopher Hume: Thank you, Katie. Oh, wait, Katie, sorry, but how long actually did it take? Like, how many months are we talking? Just so I know, like a sanity check from like, oh, some green shoots.
Katie Donham: 12 months. We basically. It was basically by the time, like, we tried all these tools, the tools weren't great for us. We finally found, like, we have somebody who is scraping Google Maps and he did it for one of our competitors and he, like, actually cold outbounded my CEO for a job. But there are now, like, if you. If Google Maps is the way to go, there's tools like Outreach and Prompt Loop. It's really just like, it could have taken us. We also talked to a different vendor who probably could have done it that way. We also, like, weren't willing to pay. But, like, what. Now that we know that, like, data is the most important thing to make the channel work, we probably could have paid more and figured out the answer faster.
Christopher Hume: Okay, that's super helpful. Just like, hopefully it doesn't take me another six months or nine months, but really good to know that I'm not completely in the deep end. Okay, Adam, last time, I'm not going to keep taking your time. All you.
Katie Donham: You're on.
Adam Harrison: All right, thank you. So, yeah, rapid fire here. Katie, do you have a few extra minutes if we go over or.
Katie Donham: I don't actually a hard stop, but I can hop back on like tomorrow or next week if you want.
Adam Harrison: Okay, cool. Yeah, we can try to keep it brief, I guess. Main sort of. Well, first, kind of like a gating question, I guess, for your product. Have you ever done like, kind of a significant product launch of where it's not like a new feature, but it's like a totally new adjacent service or product that's like. It's like adjacent and related to the core, but it's.
Katie Donham: It's like, is it pretty like, net new? Different. What is it like, different login? Like, totally different?
Adam Harrison: No, but it is like, it's like a pretty different fundamental problem that is being solved. Um, and like, yeah, it's like as close to a different login as you could get without with while being the same login.
Katie Donham: Let me put it that way. Yeah, I mean, so our. We started with booking software and then we launched like a marketing suite and we more recently want launched accounting. They're all solving the problem of making it easier to run a fitness business. But they're definitely like, you could use different marketing tools. You could use different accounting software, or you could use ours.
Adam Harrison: Okay. I think that's somewhat related. I think so. I am kind of being tasked with leading the whole RCM kind of initiative. And just to recap what the. That is, it's starting with these, like, eligibility checks, which is like, somewhat productized and somewhat, a little bit of a service where we might have to make a call, a manual call, but then what it will be later on is like a fully outsourced billing as a service. So it's like, basically as a clinician, I would sign my note after my encounter. Yeah. And then the jots, like, billing team, you know, people plus software plus AI takes over and, like, you get regular reports on how you're getting paid and your denials and your appeals and all that stuff. So my question for you is how should we approach actually, like, all the sequencing and timeline of doing this launch? So I think, you know, there's different schools of thought. One is like, be very aggressive and like, sell ahead of it. Right. And sort of validate market demand and then kind of build as you go. There's another approach that's like, you know, do a little bit of that, but maybe try to have, like, design partners that, you know, and really limit the scope or something like that and then, you know, do more of the phase rollout. So I think where this is sort of coming from is I think there is a lot of, like, appetite to really, like, go, go, go. And I see a lot of execution risk here because this is like actual dollars getting. Like, if you lose a note, it's no big deal. Like, it's fine. You just like, kind of can get by and we lose notes all the time. But if you lose a claim or you mishandle, like, how someone is getting paid, like, to me, that is like, pretty critical stuff. So I'm just trying to come up with, like, a proposal for Nate and Jackson and Chris and everyone else that, like, is going to strike the right balance in all those different considerations. So I'm just curious, like, from your experience, rough timeline look like, what's the general framework? What's the right approach? And if this is like, just if you to say, hey, like, this is a separate conversation, like, we can grab 20 minutes.
Katie Donham: But yeah, I, I like. My like, gut response is like, instead of selling ahead of time, create a wait list. Like, find out who's interested, collect interest first. That's what we did for our, like, marketing tools. And then we all, like, so there's weightless collecting interest. Definitely start with a beta. And you can like, even email some of the people that are on the waitlist, see if they want to be part of the bet. Um, so that you. You've got people bought in to, like, be in this working process with you and then wait until you feel good about the product. Because it's also like, yes, it's money, but it's also like, time. Like, imagine you get 20 people involved, and you're realizing, like, Adam, You need to make a call every single one of their clients. Like, you need. Like you want to. It just. It isn't fully software to your point about this, but there's a way to like, understand what demand is and keep people warm without having to sell right away. And you could do like webinars and content about why this is better, to get people more interested.
Adam Harrison: So there can be kind of like a demand gen campaign with it.
Katie Donham: Yeah, both. Like if you're wanting to sort of create this wait list and then also once it's live.
Adam Harrison: Got it. Okay, that's really helpful. And then rough. I know these are like totally not comparable products. Yeah, rough. Like, what's a rough timeline to be able to like stand up the accounting suite or whatever. Like, and how long does the beta program run and when do you feel good about doing the broad. Like how.
Katie Donham: And what's.
Adam Harrison: Is it weeks? Is it months? Is it years? Like, you know, like just some rough kind of thoughts would be helpful.
Katie Donham: I think we did a beta for like three weeks to a month because it also takes a. There's a little bit of onboarding involved. So we knew we could get start selling without like still finishing some of the kinks. And also we didn't build the software. We bought something. It's just like we did something else. So, like, we were comfortable with the product. We needed to make sure our integration was done right, though. Yeah. So I think like a month ish beta. But I also wouldn't promise a timeline because imagine it goes like really awry and you need to keep working on the beta way longer.
Adam Harrison: Yeah. Okay. So you. Yeah, that makes sense. Have the framework but loose timelines around it. Yeah, it's more like gating criteria, like to move on from the beta.
Katie Donham: This needs to be true. Yeah. And yeah, and you. That's like, I would have your product team, like, define what those are.
Adam Harrison: Well, that's. You.
Katie Donham: Okay, cool.
Adam Harrison: That's helpful.
Katie Donham: Thank you.
Adam Harrison: Yeah. And I got to run, but yeah, that's.
Katie Donham: This has all been great. Awesome. And I will Adam, introduce you to my. To Matt, my consultant.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, that'd be awesome if I could kind of just offload some of the marketing stuff because as you can tell, there's some big rocks coming this year. Yeah.
Christopher Hume: So anyway, thank you. Awesome. Thank you, Katie.
Katie Donham: Appreciate the help. Yeah, of course. I'll talk to you guys later. Bye. Bye.