Adam Harrison: Good morning. How are you doing?
Mia Soviero: Good, good. Very cold. Did you guys also get a lot of snow where you are. You're in New York, right?
Adam Harrison: Yeah, yeah, we did, yeah. Where. Where are you in New York or.
Mia Soviero: I'm in New York.
Mia Soviero: I'm in New York, but I'm like, not in Manhattan.
Adam Harrison: Oh, okay. Gotcha. Yeah, a lot of snow.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, but it was.
Adam Harrison: I like a. I like a snow day, so.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, I enjoyed it. So. Yeah. How about where you were?
Mia Soviero: Yeah, lots of snow. Did not venture outside much.
Adam Harrison: No, same here. Same here.
Mia Soviero: Yeah.
Adam Harrison: Awesome.
Mia Soviero: Well, thank you so much for. For making time to speak with me on this context call. I really just want to get an idea of your customer, your target audience, a little more about jot psych and how it functions. Yeah. So I have a bunch of questions. Yeah. In mind. Do you want to. Do you mind if I ask you.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, whatever works. Yeah, whatever works. We. We can kind of.
Mia Soviero: This can be kind of like
Adam Harrison: whatever is most helpful for you. So. Yeah, if you have, like, initial questions, we can definitely just jump into those.
Mia Soviero: Yeah. Yeah, I guess I first want to ask about sort of your target audience. So I wanted to ask a little bit about if you could create the profile for your best customer. What would that look like? Who is your best customer?
Adam Harrison: Yeah, it's a good question. So I think. So I'll start with more, like the demographics, and I'll get more into, like, psychographics. So I think our customers are usually psychiatrists and psychiatric nurse practitioners. We do have some therapists, but that's like, a much smaller group. And just for your context, the. The difference, because I didn't really know the difference when I started, is, you know, psychiatrists obviously went to, like, medical school and they have much more training and they are prescribing medication for mental health, whereas therapists are providing, like, therapy. They don't prescribe anything. So broadly, we sort of think about prescribers and non prescribers. We're really focused on the prescriber population, although we do, like, serve both. I would say most of our customers also tend to be women more than men, so definitely skews female in terms of demographics and in terms of age. Kind of starting at 30 and going all the way up from there. So. But we don't have too many folks who are like in their 20s. I would say, you know, median is probably somewhere in their 40s or something like that. Lots of them are not very tech savvy, at least most of the ones I talk to. So, you know, you would be surprised. Like, you know, really like struggling with pretty, pretty basic things from a technology standpoint, like will get on a zoom call and like sharing screen is always a challenge or things like that. So yeah, there's, there's sort of a low. Yeah, a low kind of like tech capability, I guess you could say. However, Right. They are like very smart in their domain. Right. So that's a little bit outside of their domain. I, I think a lot of them are also like, interested about what's going on with, with AI and there's sort of like a little bit of intrigue there and they feel like they don't want to like, miss the boat on like the whole AI thing.
Adam Harrison: But a lot of them also are a little bit like skeptical or not skeptical, but they're, they're a little intimidated, I guess, is the world of like trying to, you know, like learn a new thing when they've been practicing one way for like a long period of time.
Mia Soviero: Yeah.
Adam Harrison: What, what else? I think a lot of them are actually pretty like disorganized in terms of. They're a little bit scattered, they get distracted. They're. Yeah. Almost tend to be a little bit like ADHD or something like that. So, you know, a lot of our customers are like, really behind on their notes. You know, they.
Adam Harrison: They might be also really behind on their billing. Like, I was talking to one customer earlier this week who has claims from insurance, claims from like a year ago that he still hasn't because, you know, he's just a little bit scattered. So a lot of them tend to be kind of overwhelmed by all of the administrative work they have to do in their practice. What else? I would say a lot of them tend to be in sort of a private practice. So a lot of them are working, you know, doing telehealth through something like, you know, headway, if you've heard of them or all. There's like these platforms kind of like matching platforms, marketplace platforms. A lot of them will be kind of like trying to build their own practice, their own business, but a lot of them are still like pretty early in that journey. So I'd say that's a good chunk of customers. And then the other big chunk is people who are. You know, in a, in a small psychiatric group practice. So maybe it's kind of like five to 10 people mix of like psychiatrists and therapists. It's just like a mental health clinic of, of some kind and there can be like different specialties within that. And yes, I think also I'll pause there because that's hopefully helpful. Starting thoughts.
Mia Soviero: Yes.
Adam Harrison: But what other questions do you have or what follow ups do you have on that?
Mia Soviero: Yeah, do you mentioned the private practices and small group practices? Are those, are you seeing mostly private pay or insurance heavy or a mix?
Adam Harrison: Yeah, good question. A lot of them are. I would say the default is insurance.
Adam Harrison: So private practice. You know, when I say private practice, I mean like they're sort of a solo clinician in their own, you know, one person business. But oftentimes they are for the most part kind of dealing with insurance. And I think we probably want people who are doing insurance generally speaking as well because there's, you know, with insurance, that's where you need like notes to be good. That's where like billing gets complicated. Private pay. A lot of times it's like you can kind of be a little more, you know, loosey goosey and get away with still getting paid and because you don't have to deal with all the insurance stuff.
Mia Soviero: Yeah, you said something earlier. You said you have more prescribers than non prescribers as customers. And I was wondering if you could talk me through very briefly if there are specific functions of JOT site because I'm a little familiar with. I've used it myself in filming the last project, so I've used the recording aspect. But I'm not myself a practitioner, so I'm not too familiar with if there are functions that are more helpful to prescribers than non prescribers. I know there are like ICD code tagging that you guys can do.
Adam Harrison: Yeah. But I'm wondering if there's anything else.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, yeah, great question. So there's kind of a few reasons that prescribers are like a better fit for us. Number one, the note like the actual like note that you have to do as a clinician for a psychiatric intake is going to be much longer and more dense than a therapy note. So you need to get like all these different sections. So for example, there's like psychiatric history, social history, family history, history of present illness. There's like a super long note if you look at the psychiatric intake template that'll sort of show you what it looks like. Then that. That single note alone could take you, like, an hour for, like, a single encounter. If you're doing it the old way. Therapy notes tend to be a lot shorter. You know, maybe it's just like, a few sentences, you know, like prescribed therapy for, you know, ongoing whatever. Like, it can just be pretty brief.
Mia Soviero: Yeah.
Adam Harrison: So there's not as much of a documentation requirement for therapists. And you're much more likely to have, like, issues with insurance and billing as a prescriber because there's, like, more potential codes you might use. Right. So you might have someone who's like, low complexity, medium complexity, high complexity. They're dealing with often more kind of acute patients, like, more sort of severe situations. And so there's a lot more, like, different kinds of billing codes that they might use. So you mentioned, like, the ICD10 code just. Just to explain what those are. So CPT codes are. What are, like, the. The billing codes that get used. So that. So that's one set of codes, and that is sort of like, that determines the amount you get paid based on what you did. And then there's ICD10 codes which are. Which speak to, like, what the patient's actual diagnosis is. So, like, what their condition is. So anxiety, depression, you know, bipolar, whatever that is. So that's just how you should think about those two things. The other, like, I guess, variable would be psychiatrists tend to get paid more than therapists also. So there's, like, a higher willingness to pay for products like ours as well. But the main reason is because the pain point is just, like, more severe for a psychiatrist of, like, oh, my God, I have, you know, I have this really long note I have to write. I'm afraid about insurance, you know, audits like that. Whereas a therapist, you can have, like, a pretty short. No. And it's probably. Okay.
Mia Soviero: Yeah. So would you say that aspects like the note quality and billing complexity are things that draw people in to use jot psych? Because you've mentioned that your target audience has to deal with long and complex notes and also a little more complex insurance situation. Would you say those are the. Okay.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, I think so. Let me share my screen, actually, for kind of what we're trying to make our new positioning to be, and that might be helpful.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, so we're redoing our website right now. So I'll skim through a lot of this because some of it is in, some of it's a little out of date now. But so some of the context is the AI scribe market is becoming increasingly competitive. So there's a lot more people like jot psych that are popping up now. A lot of those are, you know, some of them are maybe like just general medical scribes. So across like all different medical specialties. So doctors that are like your, you know, it might be pediatricians, it might be like cardiologists, it might be whatever. So that, you know, that's kind of one category.
Mia Soviero: Yeah.
Adam Harrison: And then there is, there's actually like behavioral health scribes, which is what we are. So across both these categories, we're seeing more competition emerge. And so when we first started out like a year or two ago, we were one of the only ones in the category. No one had an AI scribe. And so really even just the promise of saving time on your notes was pretty compelling. Now a lot of that is kind of eroding because it's just becoming a more competitive market. So what we're trying to do is we still want to like maintain this as like a core message because this is what has been working the best for us, like this sort of time saved on your notes promise. But where we're trying to move a little bit is towards dollars collected and like risk reduced for your practice. So we want to be the scribe that turns your notes into revenue. That's kind of like what we're moving towards. And yeah, I talked a little bit about kind of our audience. There's sort of the, the solo clinician who's just like by themselves in private practice. You know, what do they care about? They spend too much time on notes, they hate dealing with insurance and they don't feel like they're getting paid enough or there's too much back and forth with like insurance denies something, then they have to appeal and then they don't get paid the rate they think they should or they get audited and there's a lot of like insurance headache stuff. And then the third category here is a little bit of like, these are more entrepreneurial people and they want to be like kind of in control and, and not at the mercy of like insurance more broadly. And so for them they're looking for like jobs like to save me time, make me more money and make me like self sufficient and independent. Right. And so these are some of the things we would probably try to message here. Right. Spending time with your patients, not on paperwork. Getting paid what you deserve, you know, and all your kind of admin work, notes, billing, compliance, handled so you can be in control of your practice group practices are, you know, pretty similar except it's a little bit, it's a little bit more focused on compliance and insurance as opposed to just time saved on notes. So you know, think about, you have a team of like five different clinicians. You want to make sure they're all writing their notes in a way that is like compliant with how you would write it. And should you get audited, you know, you feel like it's a defensible note. You want them to get their notes in on time so that you can get paid and you want to make sure that you're dealing with insurance in like the best way possible. So for them it's really about like helping capture every dollar that you've earned, you know, staying compliant across your whole team and having visibility into like, okay, of my five, ten clinicians, are they all kind of doing the right things here? So that's that second group. And yeah, here's just like some, some rough draft things of like kind of hooks or promises that we are considering so I can maybe share this afterwards. But you know, this is probably, the bolded ones are like things we're probably going to put on the website. They all have like a similar theme. And then this, we won't go too far in depth here because you know, I don't want to like we probably won't have time to go through everything here, but we can definitely like come back to this in another session. But like, okay, there's, you know, this is if this is our promise, right? Every session documented, every dollar collected and protected. How do we actually like demonstrate that we do that? So there's kind of three pillars. One is we have a best in class AI scribe for behavioral health and that's going to help you, you know, reclaim your time on your notes. And there's a bunch of different things underneath here that you know, are kind of like more helpful tactical examples that you know, we won't get into right now. The sort of second thing is, right, you can bill with confidence for the care you provide. So we're going to suggest the right codes for you to use. We're going to be able to generate claims for you automatically. This is sort of a newer feature, so we don't actually have this yet, but we're working on it. If you. And we kind of like are, we're kind of like checking things before they go out to insurance. And then this has actually changed a little bit. We had this of, like, managing risk across your clinical. Clinic. This is going to be more about like growing and scaling your practice. But the idea here is, is sort of like, you know, you as the practice owner can sort of like have Jotsy monitor your whole practice, all your clinicians and make sure that everyone is like following the standards and rules that like you have defined in place. So that because you can't like check every single person's notes individually. Right. And then what kind of makes us different here? One is behavioral health depth. So a lot of the general medical scribes won't have the same like depth of note that or the same like behavioral health style of note that is needed for insurance. So it's not, we're not a horizontal scribe is what we like to say. Second is the sort of revenue integrity. Right. We actually have built the note with insurance in mind. Like we've sort of built it based on their rules and the things that they are looking for. And so every session becomes a clean, payable, defensible claim related to that. Right. Audit. These are like kind of closely connected but we are flagging things early, you know, so if there's like an issue with a note, right. That's sort of, you get alerted of that before there's actually a problem before a claim goes out. So you know, things are checked early on in the process. And lastly, I think, you know, this is a little bit different, but we're different than most software companies where we actually really value the like human partnership and relationship. We actually will go on site many times to clinics. We will provide like pretty high touch onboarding. And this is pretty helpful for folks who are like less kind of tech savvy. You know, we're you know, jots like is I think a little bit of like a. Even just in the branding and the colors, we're sort of like a softer, more human centric, excuse me, brand. And a lot of our clinicians are also very sort of like right. Human centric by, by nature because they are like in this field. And so that's sort of like one thing we want to kind of come through as well. And yeah, there's some other things in here as well and sort of like the tone of. But you know, I can also just send this to you after. But those are kind of like, those are some of like the main things that are probably helpful to know.
Mia Soviero: Yeah. Oh, that was, that was all super helpful. That was a lot of information.
Adam Harrison: We can, we can, I'm sure you have like more questions now that that's prompted.
Mia Soviero: So I have, I have a couple. But if, if you are able to send me that or send me parts of that, that would be extremely helpful. Just that I have it all.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, yeah, totally. I can send it right after this call.
Mia Soviero: Thank you. That'd be great. And then I think my remaining lingering questions in my mind are a little more about the content side specifically. So are there any particular formats that you're prioritizing right now? Whether that's like vertical static ad posts? Is there anything in particular?
Adam Harrison: I think we're pretty agnostic to format. So yeah, we're kind of open to like a lot of different formats. Yeah, we, whatever like works basically. So we're, we're sort of like, you know, we're, I'm happy to like have you kind of take, take the lead on what format you think would be best and you know, you're not going to get much pushback from, from our side.
Mia Soviero: Gotcha. Okay. And then in that vein, I've seen a little bit because when you guys sent the like assignment information for that first product project, I saw some image examples of content that you guys have created before. I was wondering if you've. Are those examples of content that you've actually pushed out and actually tried to market. Okay, can you tell me a little bit about like if you've noticed anything working there or not working there?
Adam Harrison: Yeah, great question.
Adam Harrison: And I don't have you used canva before? Because I can also. Okay. Because I can add you to our account and there's a lot of like random stuff floating around in there that you might.
Mia Soviero: Yeah, yeah.
Adam Harrison: But I think, yeah, all the things I shared are sort of our like best performing ads and I can actually pull those up now and kind of talk through like why we think they worked. So. Okay, so this was, this one was like just some AI generated thing that I made and then put some text in canva. Yeah, this one, this one kind of worked, I think. I mean, why does it work? This also worked like a year ago. So it was a different competitive environment then. But really like, you know, the main idea here is like charting is very stressful for most clinicians. That's what like the kind of the industry term for like doing your notes. Like charting.
Mia Soviero: Yeah.
Adam Harrison: Yeah. So yeah, I think this sort of just like flipped that on its head a little bit of like, oh, it's actually like going to the spa or you know, charting is like actually this. It's kind of the opposite of what you would think. So that, you know, I think kind of goes back to that same like time saved or the stress of like notes. So that's one. This is another one we did pretty like light on text and more kind of like simple and bold. Yeah, I think it's just a little bit more like this one's just more attention grabbing.
Adam Harrison: I like that. There's a clear example of a note on the screen here.
Mia Soviero: Yeah.
Adam Harrison: With like psychiatric intake on it. Because psychiatric intake are. These are the notes that are like the most time consuming to do like an intake is like, oh man, I got. I'm gonna have to do an hour on this note afterwards. So that one is just very like. Yeah. I think things that are like simple like this and just tend to work. To work well. This one also has done really well just because it's like, you know, whenever you have like real human faces, that tends to do better. It's sort of aspirational, right? Yeah. Simple and like gets the idea across. Right? Yeah. And then these are, you know, these have just like worked well because I think also. Right. It's like they're pretty simple and they just sort of get to the point and they're like, you know, this is like a little bit unique, creative. Some of them like the way it's written. So yeah, I think for. In terms of format, you know, we. We can like. We don't have to like over. You know, we don't have to like over produce something I guess would be my takeaway. Like things that are more simple and like clear and crisp around what they're actually getting to with like a single message. Can do. Can do really well. So that's like kind of what I would say I've taken away so far. But you know, again, we're also happy for you to like come with a totally different point of view. We don't have to like stick to any of these formats.
Mia Soviero: Yeah, that's really helpful. Would these examples be on the canva by any chance?
Adam Harrison: So. So some of them will. So like this one will. This one will. This one is actually in a FIGMA that I can share as well.
Mia Soviero: Okay.
Adam Harrison: So yeah, I'll send you the canva. I'll send you the figma and then the PDF that we went through.
Mia Soviero: That's perfect. Thank you. Yeah, that was really. Really helpful. I'm. I'm getting an idea of what you guys, you know, you have sort of the brand image. The more that I interact with, with the content that you guys have created and also with your website and, and actually having a Jot Psych account and having used it, I'm getting a better idea of sort of the types of fonts and visuals and it, I'm noticing it's all very clear, clear and, and simple and bold. So.
Mia Soviero: Yeah, that's, that's good for me to know from a design standpoint to see, to actually see those examples. Yeah, yeah, I think that's almost all of my questions. And then I just wanted to ask my ending question which is just at the end of these, the next two weeks working on this project. Um, is there anything in specific that would make you say this was a successful project? Is there any specific outcome that you're looking for?
Adam Harrison: Yeah, I think the main thing here is like probably quality over quantity. So I think, you know, number one, like, I think the first goal should be like, you know, sort of for your own understanding, like making sure you feel like you really understand. Like there's so much to learn right. In such a short amount of time. So we don't expect you to be like an expert. But I would say, yeah, before you start like trying to create anything, like, definitely spend some time just digesting this. Like come back with more questions. If you have them, we can do a follow up call. But I think the first, the first goal is for you to sort of feel like you're kind of immersed in the world of psychiatry and what it feels like to be a psychiatrist and you. So I think understanding of like the customer and the product are probably like goal number one. And I don't think that'll materialize in like, I'm expecting you to like have any output from that. It's more just like a internal barometer thing. And then the second thing is, yeah, I think probably quality over quantity of like, you know, a few really strong things that we feel good about, like putting out into the world though that is probably like, you know, we don't need like 30 things, right? Yeah, just like. Yeah, would definitely spend more time up front, like thinking deeply about, you know, the customers, the product and sort of like where you want to take things. And then if we can get to even a few really good like preliminary outputs, I think to me that is like a strong success.
Mia Soviero: Excellent. Yeah, that's. That sounds good. I. One of the things that drew me to jots. Psych is that I have a background in medicine and neuroscience. So I actually a lot of this, you know, what we've talked about in terms of what's working for your, your, your customer base and sort of the process and what functions of JOT Psych they use the most all align really well with what I know about psychiatry. But I'm going to do a little more of a deep dive and get to know especially jot Psych as a product a little bit more and think about it from a psychiatrist perspective. So, yeah, excited to do that over the next two weeks and I already have some ideas, but I'm excited to. To put that into motion.
Adam Harrison: Yeah. Awesome. Well, one other quick suggestion would be like, number one, definitely feel free to like, grab more time with me, you know, send me questions over email or just, you know, you can just.
Adam Harrison: You don't need to, like, organize things too well, but like, anything you need for me, I am just like, totally a resource at your disposal. So don't feel like, shy or, you know, kind of like, you know, not wanting to impose too much time or that's not like.
Adam Harrison: So just want to make sure that's really clear.
Adam Harrison: Number one is like, there's so much to learn and I know you have like a background in, in this area, but yeah, I know. Like, don't be afraid to ask any question and I will make as much time as you need. So that's number one. Number two, I don't know, I wanted to share one quick thing.
Adam Harrison: Not that we want to be like copycats necessarily, but one. And I can send this to you sort of afterwards, but you can actually, if you go to this, like, meta ad library. I don't know if you've done this before, but you can search by any.
Adam Harrison: And I'll give you the names of some of our competitors. Okay. It looks like they don't have any active ads, but you can search and literally see any advertiser what they're running. So including job site. So I'll just try it for us. Like, you can actually see every single one of our ads. So I would definitely recommend doing that for some of our competitors just to like, get a benchmark. Not that we want to be copycats, but it might be a good source of inspiration.
Mia Soviero: It's market research. It's. It's.
Mia Soviero: Yeah, research on the competitors. Yeah. Yeah, that's very helpful.
Adam Harrison: Thank you. Awesome. So, yeah, I will send everything over to you. I gotta jump to a call, so it might be like a little later in the day, but I'll get you everything you need. And yeah, always hear, like throughout the week and next week with any questions you have.
Mia Soviero: Yeah. Thank you so much. I'll definitely check in if anything feels unclear or have any other questions.
Adam Harrison: Perfect. And just feel free to kind of take mental note of your hours and we'll make sure you get paid at the end of the two week period.
Mia Soviero: All right, so. Sounds good.
Adam Harrison: All right. Thank you, mia.
Mia Soviero: Take care. Bye. Bye.