Charles Freed: Good. How are you, nathan?
Nathan Peereboom: I am great. I have a question. Do you mind if I just run and grab my extension cord? My. My computer is running out of battery, and I don't want to.
Charles Freed: Yeah, no worries. Go ahead. Okay.
Nathan Peereboom: I need, like, two minutes. I'm just going to run downstairs, okay? All right. I am back. Thank you so much. I appreciate it.
Charles Freed: Yeah. Listen, also, I wanted to get your permission. I'm using something called Ollie. It just takes notes for my personal use, no other reason.
Nathan Peereboom: Charles. It'd be pretty ironic if our company was opposed to people recording our conversations, so don't you worry. That sounds all right.
Charles Freed: Very good.
Nathan Peereboom: Hey, it's so nice to meet you. I feel like you're one of those customers that I've seen your name a thousand times. I, like, know that you have interacted with our team, and you've been a really loyal customer to us, which we really appreciate. I'm excited to talk to you about credentialing, but before we get into that, I'm not sure if we've met before. Can you give me some context to your world, what you do, what kind of clients you see, all of that.
Charles Freed: I have a part time private practice. Pen top aboard certified. Files. Adolescent adult Addiction. Integrative medicine and lifestyle medicine. I think that's them. The other part of my time. 30 hours a week. I'm a senior behavioral health medical director for a managed care company. That's UnitedHealthcare.
Nathan Peereboom: Cool.
Charles Freed: And my focus with United is in the Tennessee market, where we manage Medicaid lives.
Charles Freed: So I have about another 20 or 30 hours in which I see patients and I'm a pretty busy person.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, it sounds like it.
Charles Freed: And looking to be even busier, but strategically so. And a lot goes into that. But one of them is, well, I got hooked up with Headway. Headway, made a lot of sense. I have no regret for doing that. But I want to move away from headway. And I see this as an opportunity. And you know why? They extract, like, a 30% fee. And they don't tell you about that. They lack transparency, which is a big complaint in circles outside of headway. And trying to speak to a live person is like breaking into Fort Knox.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. Yeah. I mean, we hear that all the time, and I think that. It's almost like a spiritual thing for us. We're entrepreneurs. You know, like, Jackson and I started this company several years ago. We're best friends from college. We really believe in the value of people owning their destiny. We believe in the value of owning the business that you run, that you directly serve clients through. And so part of our mission here is to let people join us as entrepreneurs and also just, like, let people get back to the thing that they just want to do, which is clinical care, without the mediation of, like, a large organization around them.
Charles Freed: You partner with us in lieu of controlling us.
Nathan Peereboom: Exactly. We don't. We don't want to be the controllers. We just want to, like, be the software guys that you guys. Exactly, yeah.
Charles Freed: Who listened to our needs and do your best to respond to those.
Nathan Peereboom: So if you. If you keep talking like this, you're going to be in an ad one day, because that is our philosophy. That is exactly what we believe. So. Yep. So. So tell me. So you've probably considered credentialing outside of headway.
Charles Freed: Oh, absolutely.
Nathan Peereboom: What has held you back from just going for it?
Charles Freed: I guess the lack of familiarity with the process itself and who I'd reach out to help me do that. And there is some fear as well, because are they going to be able to to contract favorably for me and represent my interest? Well, yeah. But additionally, how much work? What might that entail for me to be the front end manager of claims that I after? Maybe I click on them because they're ready to go. With the. Just the CPT code, time, et cetera, et cetera. Diagnosis code. Then they manage it going forward. And I'm not sure billing companies do different things. The amount they pay proclaim additional cost may be incurred by someone. Some of them charge you for these back end reconciliation activities. I want something straightforward and simple and I really haven't identified what the optimal resource would be. Increasingly my colleagues are moving in that direction. I supervise nurse practitioners. I have. I just added a fifth one. And we talk about clinical things, but also administrative things. And one of them made the move out of headway. So I was very intrigued by that and learned some stuff. But I'm going to tell you. If. If you can set me up with this and help me navigate this, I'll be out there telling everyone I know.
Nathan Peereboom: Well, I appreciate.
Charles Freed: Or any. Any other vendor.
Nathan Peereboom: Well, let me. Let me start out. I'll just talk it through with you chronologically, because that's sometimes the easiest way. Credentialing is the first step. You have to be credentialed, obviously, in order to. Bill, credentialing is a chess game of paperwork. It is a game of arranging paperwork in a really accurate way, where there's not contradictory data, where all the addresses are in line, etc. Etc. Our software is particularly good at that because we deal with unstructured data all the time. So we can scan through documents and, like, you know, read forms and run reconciliation scripts, all of that. Now, when people have bad experiences with credentialing, they say two things. One. They complain about speed. So there are some credentialing companies that will take six months, nine months to get you credentialed, which is a long time. And the reason why it takes a long time is because, you know, a lot of times they won't get the right data at the beginning. They'll submit kind of a half application. The application will go to the insurance company, it'll come back, they'll sit on it for five weeks, then they'll send something else. They just have slow like loops. And I don't even blame them for this. It's because they're human. Company. They're desks of people. We are an AI company, so we have built a machine that obviously has a lot of people around it. But the machine is what gives us the edge. It's what allows us to turn documentation really quickly for that documentation to be highly accurate. And so the result of that is that it's a faster process than other vendors provide. Now, the second thing that people complain about with credentialing is transparency. And you kind of gestured at this a little, where you're like, I don't know, the process, right?
Nathan Peereboom: So what we do is when you join our credentialing service, you get a personal web page where we're tracking every single application for you, and you can see exactly what we're doing. So anytime, it's a dashboard. And that is really important to us because we want you and this kind of goes to our company strategy. We believe that we will grow as a company by delivering unbelievable service to people who then tell other folks about it. The way this industry works, it all works on referrals. Everything's word of mouth. It's all reputation. And so credentialing as a service, we don't even make money on credentialing. Like, our investors are like, what are you guys doing with credentialing? But for us, it's like a really, really important service because people want it, because it's the gateway to people seeing us as a partner, to trusting us as a service company, to wanting to work more with us. So credentialing is this thing that we're willing to lose money on in service of, like, you just having, like, an unbelievable experience and then saying to us, hey, and this is the second part of the story. I'd love you to do my billing for it for me and. The billing. Super simple fee schedule. It's 4 to 8%. It's a standard billing company, like take rate. But we don't take our take until you get paid, until that money hits your bank account. And so our incentive. And this goes back to what you were saying where? Hey, I want to make sure that whoever credentials for me has my best interest in heart. In our minds. If we knock credentialing out of the ballpark, one, you're happy. But 2. We've negotiated rates that are favorable to us. Because we want you to get reimbursed really, really high. Because the only way that we actually make any profit as a company is if you fall in love with us. And the way that you're getting reimbursed is lucrative to you and by dent of that, lucrative to us. So. So everything is. Just totally incentive aligned. We really believe in incentive allowance.
Charles Freed: I'm just going to say, in my world, we call that aligned incentives.
Nathan Peereboom: Aligned incentives, exactly. So that's why we do credentialing. Like, we just want to get our foot in the door early. And, and we also, like, want to understand, like, you as a person, and we want to be able to serve the heck out of you if you would choose that after. There's no pressure to that either, though. So, you know, if it turns out we get done with credentialing and you say, hey, you know what? I kind of want to do something else, you own all the paperwork, you own all the contracts. That is yours. And so you can. You can take that wherever you'd like. So let me pause here. How does that sound? Does that kind of make sense as a process in terms of, you know, just moving forward step by step?
Charles Freed: Absolutely. And, you know, the time. I understand that, too. I had the experience where Blue plus and Blue Shield of Tennessee took over a year.
Charles Freed: And when I. And I'm in this industry, so I know my counterparts down the road. So I asked their credentialing people, and they said, we don't even have your credentialing packet. It turns out that was a headway issue. That they never took ownership of.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, yeah. You don't. You don't want that. You want to know exactly where your files are. You want to have access to them all the time. And you want the people who are doing your credentialing to not be checking a box. You want them to be thinking long term with you. And that's. I mean, there's something rare about that, but. But it does happen to be our strategy. So, I mean, if you were going to start with credentialing, when would you want to get started?
Charles Freed: Tomorrow.
Charles Freed: Okay, as soon as I possibly can.
Charles Freed: Well, I mean, with the understanding it could take six months or maybe longer, and I remain with headway until I was fully on board with the insurers in question.
Nathan Peereboom: Well, why don't we do this, then? I mean, why don't we get the ball? I mean, we should start the clock, you know, because the sooner you start the clock, the sooner you actually get insured.
Charles Freed: Absolutely.
Nathan Peereboom: You get credentialed. In terms of intake. It's pretty straightforward. We have a bunch of documents we need from you, so I can send that over. How many insurers are you thinking about starting with?
Charles Freed: Well, definitely my own company, UnitedHealthcare. And the reason is they have the most favorable rates of all insurers.
Charles Freed: They're the king.
Charles Freed: Very proud of that.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. Yeah, absolutely. Okay. So united. Any. Any others that are, you know,
Charles Freed: really Blue Cross, Blue Shield, because the market leaders in most markets, in most states. Like a big dog. Okay?
Nathan Peereboom: Well, I think that we should just get started. I mean, I'm going to send you the list of documents, and basically what happens is as soon as you send me the documents, you know, we can get started. I think you know that it's. You probably saw the prices on the website. It's $300. $50 just for us to do all the collation of documents. And then it's just a simple $300 per payer that you want us to handle. So you can do as many or as few as you want. There's no. There's no pressure there. So let me grab this list for you. Let's see. Okay, great. All right, here we go. And do you have a caqh profile?
Charles Freed: I do.
Nathan Peereboom: You do. Okay, great. So I'm going to add to this. Ten caught. Okay, great. So I just sent in messages. If you send that to me. I'll get started. We can have things filed for you by the end of this week.
Charles Freed: All right.
Nathan Peereboom: All right, perfect. Charles. Anything else that you're curious about? Anything else I can help with? I mean, it sounds like we're. We're off to the races here.
Charles Freed: I think so, yeah. This is what I've been waiting for. I was very excited to meet you today and hear more about this. And everything you've said makes perfect sense to me, and I really get a strong sense of trust. Because you've defined what our respective roles and expectations of each other or, and I think it makes sense. The other thing is. Where did you put those? Because I have. I have something here that may be blocking it.
Nathan Peereboom: I put it in the messaging channel. Which is, let's see, if you go to the bottom right of Google Meet, there's a little, like, chat box. It should have a list. I can also send it g text.
Charles Freed: Absolutely.
Nathan Peereboom: All right. Why don't I send this to you via text? What's the best number for me to text you at 615?
Charles Freed: 7190959.
Nathan Peereboom: All right, great. And then I'm just going to send this like that. Boom. Okay, perfect. Just sent it to you.
Charles Freed: Very good.
Nathan Peereboom: All right, great. So as soon as you send that over, we're going to get rolling. I'm going to send you a link to your dashboard so you can just follow it, and then we're off to the races, all right?
Charles Freed: All right, sounds good.
Nathan Peereboom: All right, Charles, thank you so much. Really looking forward to this.
Charles Freed: Hey, nice to meet you.
Nathan Peereboom: Take care. Nice to meet you, too.
Charles Freed: Bye.