Nathan Peereboom: Hey, Abdul. How are you?
Abdul Ahmed: I am well, sir. How are you?
Nathan Peereboom: I'm good. It's. It's so nice to meet you. My name is Nate. I'm the CEO and co founder of a company called JOT Psych. First of all, thank you so much for responding to my LinkedIn message. I know it's always, like, weird to get, like, a random thing on LinkedIn, and I appreciate you just, like, you know, kicking back.
Abdul Ahmed: Of course.
Nathan Peereboom: I'll tell you what kind of I was thinking about for this call. I'd love to, one, introduce myself, tell you kind of what we're about. Two, Mostly, I just want to learn about you and what you do, what you're looking for from an exit perspective and whether or not this is the right time for us to engage. We can navigate that, but I really just wanted to kickstart the relationship. So just to begin, as I said, my name's Nate. Um, I started the company JOT Psych, which is an AI scribe in the behavioral health space. We're an AI scribe that's really focused on rcm. So you record a note, and then we have this proprietary audit engine that basically applies, like, thousands of pages of audit rules to, you know, to your note. And then we'll submit the claim and, like, you know, auto appeal it and all that jazz. So as part of that, we're looking to acquire an RCM business, like a service business, because, you know, we. We think that that is. That would be good for us. And, you know, the hardest thing when getting into health care is just client relationships. So that's. That. That's the thing that, you know, that we would love to partner with someone to kind of get the best of our technology and the best of their relationships and knit it together. So that's. That's kind of the first. That's the first introduction. Do you by any chance know of JOT side?
Abdul Ahmed: No. No, I haven't. I looked into a little bit after, you know, you'd reached out, but, no, I'm new to all of this, but it looks and sounds amazing, man. I mean, a lot of the billing process, you know, can be a manual process. Obviously, with the industry in the times that we're in, we're getting a lot more opportunities to have AI, you know, related tools and all that kind of stuff. So it's definitely growing. But, you know, it sounds amazing, but. Yeah, this is the first time I'm hearing of it. Really.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, perfect. So, Abdul, tell me everything about you. What's your world? How did you get into this. Like, what's your just. Yeah. Bring me into your universe.
Abdul Ahmed: Yeah. I love your energy, by the way. Thank you.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah.
Abdul Ahmed: So. So. So I've been. I've been doing this for about 11 years now. I. I started working for a behavioral health facility down in Newport Beach, California, from Orange county out here. And, you know, I brought in. I got brought. I was like, 23 years old. I got brought in to do some operations from coming from sales. I knew the owner, he was like, hey, take a shot on me. I'll make it up to you. Blah, blah, blah. That was taking a pretty big pay decrease. Went over to work for him and this company called Hotel California by the Sea. And about six months, maybe less into it. He just handed me a laptop one day. He said, hey, learn as much as you can about billing. We're going to start a billing department in the next six, in the next 60 days. And I said, okay, well, I know nothing about insurance. And you know, we literally just studied EOBs and you know, watch YouTube videos, like I'm talking like from the ground floor. Just really understanding and learning the whole RCM process. And back then was a lot of years, like 2014, early 2014, and long story short, got really good at that. You know, doubled the revenue the first month with the old billing company and just kept climbing. Right. I think month 12 into it, we 4x their best month. And I was like, okay, well we're on to something. And one of my buddies who's an entrepreneur, that was my roommate at the time and just about to sell his company to big tobacco. He had a electronic cigarette company that he sold the big tobacco. And he kind of drilled into me on how to be an entrepreneur and all that. And I was very comfortable where I was at. The long story short, I ended up starting CA billing. This is early 2016, so literally coming up on 10 year marker with CA. I think we started in March 2016 and you know, just hit the ground running, man. I mean, we operated specifically here in our backyard, you know, worked with a lot of facilities locally and now we're on a national basis. You know, we work with facilities all over the country and really just specifically providing services for detox, residential and partial hospitalization and intensive outpatient facilities. Right. So all substance abuse, all mental health facilities is, you know, who we really tackle. And I want to say, I mean before it was 100% commercial, but we've had some more, you know, you know, state funded, government funded plans and contracts that have come through our facility. So we're still 98% commercial, right? In network and out of network. But still we still have some, a little bit of Medicaid here and there that we do billing for. So yeah, I mean our office is here. We have a team of about 42 employees onshore, probably another 10, 12 offshore and looking to expand on that model as well too. But yeah, you know, incorporating as much technology as we possibly can. You know, we have some home built IP that we've created here at CA called CA Analytics. It's a glorified just, you know, reports dashboard for our clients, right. So they can, you know, access their data in real time at any time they want. AR billing, you know, all that good stuff and just continuing to grow. So. But I should preface with just full transparency not to waste anyone's time here. We actually are in the process of communicating with a couple of groups about a sale. So that's why I was like, you know, I've always been advised to always take the meeting. And I definitely want to see, you know, what you guys have going on. But want to also let you know that we are in talks with other groups as well, too.
Nathan Peereboom: Cool. No, that's awesome. I mean, you built something. Really special. And that, that completely makes sense. When you are in talks with other groups, what, what's important to you, like when you think about exiting. I mean, you're a young guy. You've. You've got something that's growing really fast. You're a talented operator. What's the North Star for you here?
Abdul Ahmed: I mean, to be quite honest with you, you know, I'm. I'm still very young. You know, I'm only 35 years old and I'm nowhere near done yet. But I've been doing this for a long time, and I think I've gotten it up to a point to where I can do it. You know, I've gotten it here, right. And I'm trying to go to the next big marker, right. So I'm not looking to retire or go anywhere. I still want to be a part of the upside, you know, the strategy, the growth, you know, everything else. I have a lot of key relationships. I mean, with billing especially, it's, it's, it's, it's all about the relationships and the trust, right? So I built a good name for myself in this industry, humbly speaking. Right. I've always done the right thing and taking care of my clients. Right. So not looking to walk away, but looking for a partnership that's mutually beneficial for everyone. And I'd be lying if I said I didn't want to take some chips off the table too, but.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, hey, that's all right. That's all right. I get it. When you think about moving from here to here, what, what to you is the thing that you need.
Abdul Ahmed: I mean, the right partner that understands what it's going to take to grow a. I mean, I was just going to jump right into technology, but that's just not everything, right? Technology is a big piece of it in the RCM space.
Abdul Ahmed: Like, let me not blur the lines. And we only have, excuse me, we only have a certain amount of upward mobility that we don't have any in house developers or anything else like that. Right. So our current, you know, reporting dashboards and all that is built through tableau, and we work with a third party who helped us develop it. But, you know, we're going to need a lot more, man. If we want to really scale this thing and do some insane numbers, we're going to need a lot more that's involved there, but a partner that truly understands what that's going to look like and what it's going to take. I mean, those are the two biggest things, man. Just the right partner and the right technology to support the growth.
Nathan Peereboom: Gotcha. So it sounds like you're looking for almost like a merger of sorts, where, like, you get to keep some skin on the table, some cash comes off, maybe there's a little bit of an equity transfer. You get some equity or you get some tech, they get some people and relationships. You kind of looking to engineer something like that, where the resulting company just has, like, way more potential to survive in the coming, like, five to ten years.
Abdul Ahmed: Yeah. Yeah. I mean, I never really thought about it as a merger, but that's a. That's a good way to put it.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. Well, I don't want to put words in your mouth. I mean do you, do you have a preferred structure? Do you have a preferred outcome that you're like really jazzed about or in your mind, are you like, hey, I want to hold some equity in this but I kind of do, may not want to walk away. I want skin in the game, I want an advisor role, I want to be on the board. But I like actually don't want to be involved in the day to day. Are you hoping that someone purchases you and then you kind of come on and be full leader of both companies? Like how, how are you thinking about? Like just dream with me for a second. Like what's the dream for you?
Abdul Ahmed: Of course. Yeah, I mean I don't know about being you know, the leader of both companies. You know, I'm, I'm really good at what I do and I understand my industry. So still being the face and the head of, you know, a CA billing would be preferred and being able to, to, to help the growth, I mean I don't mind helping with the day to day. That's not at all. I have an issue with more or less of, you know, making sure we have a growth and strategy to get to our goals is what I want to be a part of. I want to be able to work with my key relationships, current customers and new customers as well too. Help with any sort of development that would be coming up or anything like that. But you know, more or less on like the, what I like to call like the specialist floor. Right. Like our entry level. I don't want to be managing them on a day to day basis. Not that I even do that now. Right. We have a good leadership. Right to where like I can handle, I can work on the business rather than working in the business. Right. And I'm here day in and day out bleeding for this company and that's what I plan to do. So that, that's my dream is just to be able to continue running with the right partners so we can continue the growth pattern. But again like I said, you know, like I know the relationship, I know where the bodies are buried and just making sure that we can continue accelerating that growth.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. When you think about the technology, because it sounds like you're already in conversations, what kind of technology to you has been attractive because there's so many parts of the chain. There's eligibility automation, there's note taking automation, there's you know, coding and auditing automation, there's claim submission, there's appeal automation, like there's a whole cycle of automation that you could choose in a partner. What's your priority in terms of that partner's capabilities?
Abdul Ahmed: I mean, priority. I mean, there's probably going to be new things that pop up, but, you know, just kind of, you know, freestyling it. Off the top of my head. One would be the. The billing encoding. But, I mean, the billing encoding isn't very hard for us, man. We. We use probably 6, 7 codes total for all. For all of our services. So it's just automating the manual process of it. Right. So if we can have, you know, one person kind of doing the billing and audit checks, rather than two people, save a bunch of money. Right. So that's one. That's the easiest one, I would say. Eligibility is definitely another one. I mean, we have. Third party tools that we utilize. But it'd be nice to be able to offer something proprietary to us. Right. I have some ideas on what I'd like to do with it. So it can kind of give you both the eligibility and an estimator on what the reimbursements will look like. And all that based on our historical data. B or C would be, you know, claim follow up, AR follow up. Right. So we can get those transactions, 837s notified to us almost immediately. I mean, that would create a ton of efficiency. Right on. And I always mess that up. I don't know if it's an 837 or 835. I always forget. But it would create a lot of efficiency for our team rather than having to call on claims that have already paid. Right. We already see it in our system. It's already paid, it's done. There's no need for more follow up. Right. So those are like the big ones that would be priority and I'm sure there's me a laundry list that follow. Right. The automated appeals, all that kind of stuff. So. But those are the ones that stand out to me the most.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, cool. That makes sense. Have you been impressed by the tech you've seen, like in initial conversations? Are you jazzed by what you're seeing? Do you feel good about like what the options are for you guys?
Abdul Ahmed: Yeah, yeah, yeah. I mean, so far so good. I feel really good about it. You know, again, there's always certain things that I would probably, you know, take out or add on, but they're minimal. Yeah. Pretty happy with everything.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. Well, you know, I'd love to give you a little glimpse of kind of what we're building and like why, why we think we're, you know, pretty special technology. Is that something that would be helpful to you even in your process? Even if you decide like, hey, not interested in job site, but like, I kind of want to know what everyone else is about, it may be helpful just as a comparison for you.
Abdul Ahmed: Yeah, absolutely. Definitely.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, so I'm going to pull up, I'm just going to show you like one part of our tooling that we think is like pretty special. Okay. Okay. So this is the JOT Psych platform and the process is really simple. You come in, you select a certain kind of visit that you want to do. You click start recording, you make the note, and when you make the note, you are delivered a few things. One, you're delivered an auto CPT analysis. So based on the transcript and all that jazz. The clinician can choose a code, but they can also just get suggested a code and then based on that code, will analyze it to basically make suggestions for, for the visit. So, you know, if MDM is not, it doesn't hold, you know, every single thing in the encounter that is required for billing. You know, you can simply click this wand. The note gets updated to include what we believe is like the right MDM structure. And then you can, you know, and then you can apply that to the note, which is pretty great. When it comes to the billing side, you can change the rules that audit any of your notes by you know, uploading documents or creating new rules. And then each of these rules, you know, you can go in and you can see, okay, this is what the rule is. You know, here's how we're trending over time compliance wise. And then I can go like hammer down violations so I can be like, okay, this last note, I'm going to actually go figure out what's missing, actually go view the note and if I need to kick it back to the clinician, I can. So it's just a really, really good way to unite a very, very specific set of rules. You know, like not 10 or 20 or 100 but like 300, 400 rules that come from directly from paradocs and apply them to every single note and have those connected with CPT codes because every, every rule is tied to like a certain set of CPT codes that it's relevant for. You can also be, you know, on a clinician by clinician basis, on a note by note basis. And then of course you can just submit claims and you know, go through JOT psych for that too. So you know, that's just like one example of kind of what we're building around that's you know, that's a, it's called JOT audit. That's like one of our super, super excited but in our minds we're like okay, we're doing eligibility checks, we're doing the note, we're auditing the note. The note looks amazing. We already like auto produce a CMS 1500 claim. Auto appeals are like trivial. You know, we like, we're in like a really exciting spot to either at a self serve basis or on a billing company service basis, like really change just the degree of detail and to your point like really scale the number of humans that can help a larger number of clinicians. You know, like I mean this process, you know, to go through the note with the detail we go through, every single note would take an expert psychiatrist or expert pHMP, you know, an hour or two. You know, it's like it's so much time, it's so much work compression. So, so yeah, so that's, that's kind of the, the thing that we're building. You know, we're a well known AI scribe. We've scribed for over 2 million visits. this point. We're, you know, all across the country and, you know, we've got several thousand clinicians on the, on the platform. So, so, so we feel, yeah, we just feel excited about that. We raised a small round of funding, like, about a year and less than a year, maybe 10 months ago. So we're in a situation where we're just excited to grow fast. And, and so, yeah, that's kind of the introduction to us. Listen, I. Like, how is this sitting for you? Like, how. Like, is this something where you're like, oh, like every software does this now and like, you know, this is kind of like old hat or are you kind of seeing the future here where you're like, oh, wow, like, if I could, if I could do the CPT code generation and the audit based on that CPT code every single time, that would be a big benefit to me.
Abdul Ahmed: Yeah, no, it's, it's a, I see, I see the possibilities and the benefit that it's already, you know, delivering to, you know, your clients. The only difference for us is that we're, we're all facility based, right. So we use UVO force. So that's the biggest difference on what, what you guys have going on working with LMFTs and Sykes and the rest of that. So, yeah, I mean, I see the value in it. Again, it's just a little bit different than what we're used to.
Nathan Peereboom: Right, because you guys don't do procedure based coding. You do like authorization coding.
Abdul Ahmed: Yeah, well, it's all service based, so it's like, you know, we, we have some CPT codes, not very many, but it's all HCPCs. Right. So it's a bunch of H codes that we utilize and then revenue codes that associate with it. And it's all built on a UBO 4. So we have limited, you know, some of our, like I said Medicaid stuff is built on a CMS 1500, but that's really about it. Everything else is built on the UBO 4 and it's high dollar, high volume claims. Right. So our average claim amount is like probably 5,000 a day. Right. So yeah, so it's a little bit different. But again, the bones of what you build is very, very impressive just because of the fact that like we have, you know, we work with a lot of clinicians as well. You know, they use all the EMRs and you know, all the different EHRs. And the biggest hurdle for them is documentation. Right. Is to get it on, on time and to get it done. So if they have items and resources and tools like you built, makes my life a lot easier. Right? So I don't have to go in there and be, hey, we got this medical records request. You guys need to close this chart, you know, or, you know, remind them on a weekly basis, hey, this, these hours weren't completed. Can you please get them done if it's already done? Saves me my team a boatload of time. Yeah, right. So I definitely see the value in it. It's just a little bit different than what we're currently, you know, what. What we currently do.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, the one thing. So, yeah, when you guys, when you guys use documentation or notes, like, what. How does that look for you? Are you like, I know that some facilities use it to essentially ask for additional days from, like a payer. Is that like the basic framework where it's like, hey, I need to look through all the charts and write the additional days argument?
Abdul Ahmed: Yeah. So, I mean, there's a couple of different factors that go into it. So there's like the concurrent review form. So we basically have to pitch the insurance companies on why that client or patient meets that level of care. So let's say they're coming in for detox and we get approved for, let's say, three days of detox off the boat. We have to, in three days, explain why the client needs continued detox, level of care treatment. So we have to go through the chart, go through their meds, go through their symptoms, cows and siwas. You know, anything that we can really find to prove why that client needs to stay in that higher crisis stabilization level of care. So that's, that's, that's detox through residential, through partial hospitalization, and then through Iop finally. Right. So there's, there's a lot of reviews that we continuously have to do. But it goes into, you know, the documentation is, is, is based off of groups, it's based off of nursing notes, it's based off of individual sessions, it's based off of, you know, urine analysis, breathalyzers, cows and CWAs, doctor's orders, you know, psych notes. So there's, there's a ton of stuff that goes into it, but it's not too far off from what you currently already have built. Right. If you're adding in those sections, maybe.
Nathan Peereboom: But yeah, I mean, maybe the current JOT audit program could be helpful there. Oh, but, but one thing that I also want to point out is so we have this really unique tool that's on the patient chart. I don't know if you can see my screen, but yeah, you know, let's say that I needed like, what's the exact kind of document that you, that you would send for, Like Detox authorization, Concurrent review form. Concurrent review form for detox authorization. Be very fact based. Okay. So one thing that you can do is you can go to a patient's chart, right? The chart that has, you know, their, you know, you know, their testing results, their diagnoses, their medications, like everything, all their previous encounter notes, anything that they've uploaded. Okay, you ready, Abdul?
Abdul Ahmed: You ready?
Nathan Peereboom: Watch this. Okay, so I just click enter and what I get is a full concurrent review form for detox that's written automatically. So it's just cranked out. Yeah, it's pretty sick, right?
Abdul Ahmed: And look, there's some, there's some
Nathan Peereboom: things that you're going to have to do, but it's all based on that, all that data coming together. And I can make changes, I can like ask for anything. And then let's say that you, Abdul, are like, hey, I'm like happy with this review chart, you know, and you can go in and you can be like, I don't really want these numbers, whatever. You can save it as a template. And what it's going to do is every time that I go to someone's chart, I can just say, hey, give me the concurrent review. It'll do the same, like technological process to build that document, but specific, specific for that patient. So, you know, it's pretty. Yeah, it's pretty insane. So, you know, even at the level of, like, concurrent reviews and all that, there's. There's a lot of different ways to use jobs, like, to just make it so darn easy.
Abdul Ahmed: And have you thought about, have you thought about incorporating some more facility based, you know, medical records, documentation stuff in there?
Nathan Peereboom: I mean, we work with a ton of like, like facilities. Um, you know, we work with, you know, facilities that do addiction medicine, substance abuse, methadone, Suboxone. Like we do work with a lot of those clinics.
Nathan Peereboom: We all of those clinics know about all these tools and I think that a lot of them use that for, for this result. What we have found is that there's a ton of pull from procedure based coding clinicians for like 99214, 99215 type stuff. It's also just a big market.
Nathan Peereboom: So you know, we, we serve a lot of addiction medicine and you know, intensive inpatient type facilities. But, but we haven't like really cracked the like revenue. Like we're going to manage your revenue. We for them are just like, hey, we'll make any document you want and it's going to be the best document in the world.
Abdul Ahmed: Sure, sure. So I mean, just. Right. I mean it just adds directly. I mean, what are your goals? I mean, what would it look like for you guys to acquire, you know, an RCM billing company like ourselves?
Nathan Peereboom: So I think that probably just given that like we're like, our RCM activities are slightly different, my guess is that we actually probably wouldn't be, we probably wouldn't be the right acquisition partner for you.
Nathan Peereboom: When it comes to other acquisition partners, our belief is that our technology is so good that we can go to their clients and be like, hey, use jot Psych for free. We'll drop the percent that we're taking from you as a bill, as a clinic. And you know, the fact that we can do 10 times as much work with like the same number of people is going to give us such a huge profit advantage that like, there's a huge amount of just like arbitrage in that. So that's our belief. You know, we run our own internal billing company, so we already work with clients and like support them.
Nathan Peereboom: And so we kind of that system but you know, with other billing partners or other people that like, like yourself, like, you know, we're just, we just want to be a resource really. Because like, even if now isn't the time, you know, even if like right now we don't have, you know, for your exact RCM workflow, like the perfect custom thing, you know, we would love to, you know, if you guys wanted to like use jot Psych or anything like that, you know, we'd love to help you use it or experience it or you know, put it in clinics where, you know, the clinicians record the notes, the clinicians put in that data and then you or your billing team can just go in and be like, generate that concurrent report, print it out, send it, you know, download it, send it.
Nathan Peereboom: And you can kind of get the benefit of the software in the way that you need it to to work. So that's, like, totally one possibility, if that's something that you think would be beneficial to explore.
Abdul Ahmed: Yeah, I mean, I can go over it with my team and to see if it would really make sense. I don't know if we would want to completely switch over everything right now, especially just because we're going through this process. But if anything does change. Yeah, absolutely. I would love to take a look at it. I mean, right now, I'm just trying to stabilize and grow as we go through this process, and especially going into this. Here, It's. I'm sure it's been crazy for you guys over there too, but. Yeah, I mean, if anything changes, I would love to, you know, continue the conversation or if you guys, you know, have any change in what, rcm, you know, providers that you're looking at, we're always going to be here for you.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, totally. I mean, one thing that I'd be happy to do, you know, if you found it useful, is. I mean, we have. Typically, after this meeting, what we do is we'll. We'll give a presentation about our vision for, like, what the world we're trying to create, how we do acquisitions, what the timeline is for diligence. We run a really tight process. I used to work in private equity, so the whole process takes, like, two weeks. You know, we're not trying to. We don't want to spend more time than we need to. We don't want you guys to feel like this is, you know, a lot of work. So if you want, we could have that meeting and, like, you know, if you're. If you look at what we've built and we walk through all the tech and everything, if you look through all of that and you're like, damn, you know, if there were these four changes, like, this would be really useful for us, then maybe that's a conversation to have because I think that we're close. I think that we're very close to being a good fit. But, you know, I don't wanna. I don't wanna waste your time. And you, you know, you're. You're busy. I get that. But if you wanted that, that's. That's totally something that I would entertain and we could, like, have a conversation around.
Abdul Ahmed: Okay. Yeah. Well, why don't we do this? I mean, we're literally about to close our books for this for 25 this week, so I'm trying to wrap that up. If we can follow up next week and just to kind of get a lay of the land and to see how quickly we can move through this, then I would be way more open to it. Right now I'm just trying to get these books closed and so we can get everything sent out.
Nathan Peereboom: Totally. Do you want to set up, like, some time for, like, Wednesday to, like, walk through this?
Abdul Ahmed: Sure.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah.
Abdul Ahmed: Okay. Yeah, absolutely.
Nathan Peereboom: So why don't we do Wednesday? Would 1:45 Eastern? No. How about 2 Eastern? So 11am Your time through 3pm Work? How does that sound?
Abdul Ahmed: Yeah, I can move this meeting. Yeah. So you said 11:00am, 11:00am Pacific.
Nathan Peereboom: That's right.
Abdul Ahmed: Perfect. Yeah, I can make that happen.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, that's perfect. I'm going to send this over and then do you mind? I'm gonna also send an NDA just because we're gonna show you some back of the curtain stuff. Is that cool?
Abdul Ahmed: Absolutely. Definitely.
Nathan Peereboom: All right. All right. Awesome. All right, cool. Well, listen, I'm gonna send over a follow up. If there's anything that you think of in the meantime where you're like, oh, man, like, I really hope Nate comes with like this, just let me know and I'll prepare it and we'll be like, you know, we'll come and, you know, just be good, earnest partners to you, at least for this part. Okay, Absolutely.
Abdul Ahmed: Well, I appreciate the call name. It was a pleasure meeting you and look forward to our discussion next week. Hopefully we can make this work.
Nathan Peereboom: Same here. Hey, thanks so much, Abdul. Take care, man.
Abdul Ahmed: All right, man.