Christopher Hume: Kind of passionate about, and it was, like, probably longer than five minutes of him just going, I was like, oh, shit, we're not going to. Not making the 10 o'clock.
Ryan McAnelly: Oh, no worries, man. Prospects take precedence.
Christopher Hume: Yeah, it's like this tough. A really low percentage, but it's like a huge.
Ryan McAnelly: Okay?
Christopher Hume: I was looking at these this morning. These look pretty good. This is like, as you know, my hobby horse for this week. Let's just look at it together. Did I tell you that the office is moving? I did it to Brooklyn.
Ryan McAnelly: No. No.
Christopher Hume: Okay, so we're moving our office to Brooklyn.
Ryan McAnelly: So do you guys physically have an office in D.C. now?
Christopher Hume: Yeah.
Ryan McAnelly: So does that mean that you're going to be moving up the Brooklyn.
Christopher Hume: Manhattan. But, yeah, my fiance and I are figuring it out. So I had this call with the crazy prospect, and then I was calling her friend's boyfriend who has an extra room in his apartment in the city. I'm like, hey, dude, could I crash there a few nights a week while we figure things out? A little late to this call.
Ryan McAnelly: Oh, man, that's exciting.
Christopher Hume: Yeah, it'll be super fun. I'm pretty stoked.
Ryan McAnelly: Next two months. You've probably been in the city a ton growing up.
Christopher Hume: I've been to the city a ton growing up. A lot less than you would expect. Kind of end up in, like. Where did you grow up, Ryan?
Ryan McAnelly: Like the Philadelphia suburbs.
Christopher Hume: Yeah. I don't know. You kind of end up in sort of like. When you're like, 15, 16. And if I have suburbia, I own a city. Just like we'll go to the diner and screw around at the beach or go to the pod. But, yeah, I've been quite a bit watched by cousins lived there too, so people.
Ryan McAnelly: That's cool.
Christopher Hume: Let's see. Gochi had an issue at March 4th at 9pm Eastern Standard Time. Okay, so I'm guessing happened here. If we look. Let's just see your notes. Too. Yeah, it just doesn't look like there was a note at 4. And she does quick sessions. It seems unlikely that this is the note, so I think something's missing. This is great. This is exactly what I would have asked her. So let's just respond, take over. Let's see any changes I make. Hi, Cassandra. Thank you for reaching out, bringing search attention. This happens. All your appointments are just one. Foster case. Screenshot. Screenshot. What you're seeing, one piece of feedback Jackson gave me is say image, not screenshot. Because. Chats are, but they can send a photo of their computer screen. So you'll get, like, the shaky. My God.
Ryan McAnelly: Cell phone. Image.
Christopher Hume: Also keeps an interesting. We won't archive this one, but that was exactly right. Thank you. Perfect. We typically say 20 to 40 seconds. Hi, Anna. Your notes regenerated. Within 40 seconds. Typically be generated. Next week, but not too long. Bear with you. You can schedule time to write our caliber. Here. Just give them. Just realize I'm double booked at 11:30. Let me see if Adam can support you on that call.
Ryan McAnelly: Okay?
Christopher Hume: Our calendly is just, like, out of control. We have so many. Events.
Ryan McAnelly: Yeah, that is a lot.
Christopher Hume: Can you find the one you kind of said? We'll be on there with you. Support. This is correct.
Ryan McAnelly: Very cool.
Christopher Hume: Neither of us had the link handy. And it doesn't matter, because this process is going to change anyway. So we don't need to over. Device here. I wasn't sure whether we should send her to the eprescription setup meeting. Or the eprescription info meeting. A general info meeting. We're just going to send it to the setup meeting. Whatever, right? Must be positive and assume she wants to pay.
Ryan McAnelly: That's right.
Christopher Hume: Demo. Actually is a demo meeting. It's awesome. We'll send it out.
Ryan McAnelly: Oh, cool. It's on around Robin. So just someone who's ever on the list gets popped in.
Christopher Hume: Even better. I'm Andrea. I'll screw with you. Perfect. Best kind.
Ryan McAnelly: That's right.
Christopher Hume: Thank you for reaching out. Vicas really help our speed.
Ryan McAnelly: At archiving, cleaning up the inbox.
Christopher Hume: Feeling good. Hi, jay. I'm happy with that. Yeah. I think this is like a classic example of. For more information.
Ryan McAnelly: I didn't know what a closure. Case closure, Googled it and was like, all right, maybe this is something we can do. And then I did go in and I did
Christopher Hume: it with oh, no, this is actually exactly what I would do. This is exactly kind of what Google or ChatGPT told me. First of all, Senator all right, Jam we help with that. The easiest way will be to navigate your must reach to know what the patient volume three has to edit, generate a case closure. Yep. Actually, no, that's perfect. That's really well done. Brian. Okay? Dealing with those right now. Okay, These were great. I'd say. Yeah, you're really learning the software. These look really good. I don't have a ton of feedback. Just I think the only changes I made was that one where. There's a typo with Rx. Double check for typos. But there's a mistake in one email. I wouldn't worry about it. Okay. Ryan, again, it's been a pleasure working with you this week. It's been awesome. I see you sent with me to the email. Thank you for sending a Google Doc.
Ryan McAnelly: Did I see that correctly?
Christopher Hume: It's a pain in the ass that I can't add you to notion, so no worries. I should have handled that literally two weeks ago. So I think unless there's an outstanding cast or you want to keep working on those emails, there's no expectation for me today. You certainly can keep working on those within that 10 to 20 hours band. Yeah. I'm going to kind of review everything from Nate about the week, and by mid next week, I hope to have final responses on kind of more permanent decisions for you guys. Pleasure work with you. Definitely.
Ryan McAnelly: See?
Christopher Hume: Yeah, it's been awesome. I also appreciate. I know this has been kind of a long, crazy process. It's fun that you kind of work with us the whole way. And, yeah, I really hope there's a way. I think there will be, for us to continue this relationship moving forward. I just need to kind of cross all the e's and all the I's on my end with my leadership before we make any final decisions.
Ryan McAnelly: Okay. Awesome. No, I appreciate it, man. I'll jump on that call at 11:30.
Christopher Hume: Yeah, yeah, I would love if you forgot about that already.
Ryan McAnelly: Yeah, I appreciate it. And safe travels to Buford this weekend.
Christopher Hume: Thank you. Thank you, Buford. This weekend that. We have a company retreat up in Rhinebeck, New York, starting on Sunday. So I go Friday. I'm down to Charleston Saturday. For Sunday back up to D.C. and then up to Rhinebeck. So busy, busy, busy. It should be fun.
Ryan McAnelly: It's going to be beautiful down here this weekend though, so bring your shorts.
Christopher Hume: Thank God. Awesome. Well, thanks Ron. If you did anything for me today, please let me know. Otherwise, I'll be in touch mid to late next week at the latest.
Ryan McAnelly: Awesome. Thanks, Chris.