sara.goscha: Pair space for more than two decades now. But I'll try not to age myself too much. But yeah, so I, I spent a lot of time in state government and worked with the feds and things like that. So was the deputy director over Towel Fair Snap, TANF and Medicaid Florida a long time and yeah, did that. And then the governor was going to turn out office and I was at the pleasure of the governor and so I worked for a consulting firm out of Boston for about, see four year, yeah, four and a half years. Worked with government contractors, you know, that was great. Learned a lot. And then I went to United Healthcare for six and a half years. So I spent a good amount of time there and what we did there and what my primary focus was on, obviously Medicare Medicaid duals and I did a lot of the clinical operations, product development, but that includes obviously all the contracting and stuff like that. Obviously you get like. I think one of the things people most struggle with and maybe you guys have figured this out, is just that every single member has a different, not every single one, but you know, a lot of people think, well if you have United Health Care, it's, you know, you get the same thing. But obviously every, all commercial patients, all Medicaid patients, all Medicare Advantage, aca, it doesn't matter. Like there are so many subsets that have different benefit configuration throughout and what people will pay and then the contracts are often then structured, you know what I mean, to be in line with that. I think there's a lot of nuances to it as you know, and especially if there's any value based arrangement, right. So any sort of upside, you know, extra payment for doing certain things if there's any kind of risk arrangement, it's completely, absolutely bananas most of the time about what the contract says. And so yeah, so that's what I did, like help structure that stuff. I think I always joke like I probably listened to 200 pitches of startups and what we were gonna use them for most we didn't use some. We did, you know, so that's sort of what I was doing there, right?
Jackson Bierfeldt: Sort of, yeah.
sara.goscha: And really worked on structuring more complex contracts. So what we were working on is really moving into the ACO and then risk bearing contracts. Right. So we were saying like what is aco? Oh, the Accountable Care organizations. So when you're giving out like a.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Familiar with that?
sara.goscha: Oh yeah, that's. It's not so much in behavioral as much, but for sure, like PCP contracts where you're, you know, contracting with the, you know, large patient panels and saying you're now accountable for these people. Right.
sara.goscha: And we're going to pay you a capitated rate to manage their, you know, their medical spend. And there's was a lot of upside, you know, sort of structure to that, I guess I would say. And so yeah, so I think it's sort of that kind of stuff that, you know what I mean, I worked on. So yeah, and that's sort of me in a nutshell and who I am and that's great. Help lots of startups with different things. Obviously mostly comment as a subject matter expert on very specific things. Lots of people asked me to look at CMS stuff like you said, like, go tell me what these contracts mostly are. Like what do they want, what are they looking for? And then do, you know, work on diligence and stuff like that as venture capital and private equity, you know, buy companies or investing companies and stuff like that. And then I still work with the big five insurers only when I have to. No, I'm just kidding. Mostly on strategy, like where are they going to go, how are they going to save money and then also continue to do public policy work on sort of where is CMS going? Right. And where are they wanting to drive market and spend and sort of looking at their large broad trends over the next 10 years. Because I think people get really nervous about like well, we're losing patience in this mix, but it's going to increase patience over here and what does that look like for the financial mix and things like that? So that's what I do.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Okay, great. Well, that's a super thorough overview and it sounds you've definitely like seen a little bit of everything. A little bit specifically around like documentation and like audits. Like how much have you worked with like that side of the. I'm sure every insurance company, you know, has like a million different departments. But how familiar are you with like documentation requirements and the audit process and you know, what is being looked for there?
sara.goscha: Yeah, so I had a actual adherence and compliance team that reported to me from a clinical perspective. So what they did is they would go over. So it was nurses and social workers that override charts, both behavioral health and physical health, you know, just charts of both internal and external clinicians making sure that the documentation was correct. We would put, you know, people on performance improvement plans, you know, and things like that when the documentation wasn't there. As far as like billing, because I'm not going to tell you, you know, like the auditing we did around billing, like, as far as compliance and stuff, really is twofold, depending on who the ultimate person is with the money. So, like, if it's cms, right, they will have people come in. But you. We would audit internally, right, to make sure the documentation is there. So we would pull so much out of the network fund files. Right. So network is the main part of an MCO that does all the contracting.
sara.goscha: They have what are called like audit managers, right, who will audit, like you said, 10, 20 cases, whatever, and look at the documentation. So we would see people pulling that. But then, like, if the state is the ultimate right authority, because it's a Medicaid patient, the state will come audit the MCO to make sure they're auditing their providers. Right. So, yeah, I'm completely familiar with it. I think the bigger thing when I think of people building AI tools for this, is that the rules change all the time, right. And they change really rapidly. Um, and states like to change the rules a lot. Instead of the fest, whenever they get a win, they change it. And so I think the biggest thing for these types of models that I've really worked with people on is like, of course, like, we can help you interpret the contracts and stuff, but it's also like figuring out how you are going to pull the information when all of that stuff is released and train the model quickly to be able to overread. So if you're going to do 100% of the files, right, like the rule, just the changing of the rules, like, and being really intentional about how you're going to do that is really important. I think the other thing is the provider contracts change quite a bit.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Exactly.
sara.goscha: You know, so as soon as something happens and they say, well, you know what I mean, like, here's your contract, but tomorrow we're going to put an amendment for X, Y and Z. And it happens all the time because of a hundred things. The state changed the rules, the MCO has new requirements, whatever it is. And I think for me that's the most important thing as far as these AI models go. I think you can train it on how to actually read stuff. And I. I'm taking a class at Wharton right now on AI actually. So I was just in a lecture on that because I think for me, like, the models will work. It's just that they're not smart enough yet to connect everything. I haven't seen any that, like, can you make the connection of like this to this, right? Somebody has to program it or. Put at the right prompts or whatever. So I think for me it's a lot more like strategic of looking at, okay, how do you set up the system so that it works properly? Less of like the contract says exactly this, this is how to interpret it. I mean, I can do that. But yeah, like, I think the other thing is behavioral health professionals, physicians, others are starting to use tools in their EHRs that prompt them to make sure they're doing their documentation correctly so they don't have claims. Right. That's partly what you're trying to do.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Right?
Jackson Bierfeldt: Exactly what we're doing.
sara.goscha: Like EPIC basically will say you have to mark all these boxes or you're not getting it. And in fact, physicians now are incentivized to upcode. They get their bonuses as a. Based on that. Right. So if you talk to the CEO of Optum Health right now. Right. I was in a meeting with him. They believe it's the AI capabilities that is driving up the cost of health care because it's coding way better than any human ever could.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Right. And so they're saying like we had a lot, a lot of our providers were just coding like nine nine two one threes because they're like, I don't know, like, I'm just not going to worry about it, I'm not going to risk it. Right, exactly. With our software, we're actually showing them like, no, no, look like you have two out of the three on your medical decision making. Like you can very easily justify this. So that's part of what we're trying to do is like show, you know, we're trying to just help providers like get reimbursed for the care they're actually providing in accordance with the contracts that they're living under. And we make sure we like really understand those contracts, update them. So whenever there's a new publicly available provider manual from any of the commercial payers, we suck that in and bring it into our context. And then anytime that someone has a specific contract update or an addendum like you mentioned, we want to pull that in and update it right away as well. But what we're looking for is how to do that, the best way, how to really make sure we're getting like the secret sauce out of every, you know, contract in order to maximize for our providers.
sara.goscha: Yeah, so I've been helping other companies think about that. Right. Because it's so complicated, just healthc care in general. And honestly, the MCOs, I mean, I can say this because I worked for one. I mean, they don't they put that stuff out and bury it? I mean, it's hard sometimes for the models to even find it. Right. Like, some don't even put it out there. And they're required to by government rules. Right. And commercial rules to put it out there. And I think part of that is because then it's. Then you don't know. Right. And it's hard to do. I think the other thing that, about contracting that's really interesting is to build certain codes, you have to be trained in certain things. Things. And if you have not certified that you're trained in something or you didn't take the training through whatever they're approving, you can't bill for it. So that's where I see providers actually getting kind of tripped up. So it's like, well, you can bill this code, but you have to have been trained. And I'm making this up, but like person centered planning, right?
sara.goscha: Like you can, you can bill for emdr, but we have to know that you're certified in it, right? You can bill for cbt, but you have to have taken a class and told us. Where it gets messed up is they don't send in their continuing education, they don't do certain things, they build the codes. So it's not so much the contract doesn't allow for it. The contract has specific language in there that you have to be trained on. And if the provider does not send that back into the mco, that's when they'll flag it.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Does that make sense? We haven't had that one come up yet, but yeah, yeah, but.
sara.goscha: So you have to really pay attention, right? Because a lot of times the network teams will send something out and ask providers to attest to something, right? Like a test that you did, blah, blah, blah, or you've been trained in whatever, or you whatever. But sometimes that documentation is missing. And so even a system where they could put their credential like information in is a place that I know really catches people up in network, right. And contract billing. Because if it's not on file with the MCO that you actually did this thing or didn't write or attestation, that's, that's when they'll flag it and kick it, and that's when they get in trouble with like over billing and stuff like that. I think MCOs have also gotten really, really smart when it comes to payment integrity because of all the fraud that there is. And it's in the news, like, I mean, hello, it's like this huge thing right now, but it is because there is a ton of Medicaid fraud.
sara.goscha: Yeah, people bill all the time for stuff. And so they're using AI on the opposite side to make sure there's not fraud. And so setting up a system that you can say, you know, this has been tried and true and we've had only X rejected. Whatever, whatever it is is really important right now. But I think understanding, you know, sort of those nuanced scenarios, right, of what you have to have to build this code is important. I was just working with a founder. They're actually doing, like. They're actually able to, like, it's the craziest thing. They can do a biopsy of the brain outpatient, without putting you under. It's like this new technology. But one of the things they're struggling with is the billing, because right now you have to be in the OR to get the billing correct. And so it's like, yeah, there's no, you know, so we can't code for bio. Yeah, so there's no. Code. And they're trying to back into codes. Right. And so we're trying to work with them on, you know, first of all, like the fda, you know, just approved this maybe six months ago. And so, you know, part of it is like getting the coding to, to catch up, I would say long term though, I think this is an interesting strategy plan. I'm telling you everything, then you can tell me if you need more help. But I think one of the things that is also really important is the providers. Because the RCM has gotten so sophisticated, the revenue and because they believe that's arbitrarily driving up healthcare costs right now across the globe especially, but especially in the US they're really looking to change the way they pay. And so all of the MCOs signed a letter yesterday, it might have been the day before, but CMS came out with it, that they all want to move for these fee for service members to the access model CMS has put out, especially around any patient that's on Medicare and Medicaid. And that will actually change the way they pay providers. And so they won't be able to just bill, bill, bill, like our old fee for service model.
Jackson Bierfeldt: And so with the change, huh? It's definitely all changing. Yeah, yeah.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Like, and I think on the wall.
sara.goscha: Yeah. And there's an impetus because either government has to put up the MCOs have to change their margin, which they're definitely not going to do their own, you know, they're publicly traded, or the patients have to pay more, which nobody wants. And so I think we're at this impetus right now. And so I think it's also thinking about, it's one thing to be able to bill like and have this audit and doing all this stuff, knowing the billing may change. And so how do you think about taking it to the next level? How are you going to become part of. Either you're going to build your own EHR, you can plug in through APIs to other EHRs to really think about how are you helping the provider set themselves up to be the best in class so that they will contract with them and that they'll continue to contract with them. Because I think that's how healthcare is going to change. They're only going to pay the best of the best because they want to see people that drive value. And so can your platform help set people up for that? Does that make sense?
Jackson Bierfeldt: No, it totally, yeah. I'm, it's, it's good to see that you're like, you know, you're thinking about it very similarly to how we are. I mean, it's good for me to feel that way. I'm like, okay.
sara.goscha: Oh, good. You're like, I'm not crazy.
sara.goscha: Yeah, that's always super helpful when you're like, oh, we can validate with somebody else that we're.
sara.goscha: Our ideas are right.
Jackson Bierfeldt: So, Sarah, I. I need to run in just a minute here, but I did just want to see, though, like, so what we're trying to do is build out basically, like, our. Our roster of people that we might want to work. So could you just tell me briefly, like what are your rates? Like how do you like to structure things?
sara.goscha: Like oh, my rates are really low for startups usually because you guys a day, you know, I don't know, about six, it's a little more but it's not, it's not bad. It's definitely no McKinsey rate or anything like that. I will do it either way. Like some people just want to pay a retainer of so many hours. Like they just say can we have 10 hours at 150 an hour? Because I mean big clients, they pay 300. I always discount by 50% at least for my startups just because I think it's the right thing to do and you guys are changing the world. So I usually like, they'll say I want to pay for 10 hours. Right. I'm going to use you in different ways, I'll pay you up front. I'm going to use you 10 hours a month. I might be five hours a month. Some people say, you know, I'm just going to pay you when I need hours from you and you can bill us $150. Okay. And so that's sort. People do it different ways just for their own budgeting purposes. But yeah, I would love to be that. That's my rate usually for startups.
sara.goscha: So you need lower, you can let me know. But no, I really just like to get in and actually work with smart people and make sure you guys are getting what you need. So. Because MCOs are complicated, insurance is complicated, they're so yeah. And they're a little gamey because they don't like to pay for stuff. You know what I'm saying? They really don't like to pay for stuff. That's their whole shtick is to save money. So I think, like I would love to help you guys think about it. I think AI is, is the future and I've really embraced it and I think it's important and I think it extends our human brains quite a bit to use our brains on better things and hopefully better. I don't know, I, I have this hypothesis, I've said like, I think if we use AI and we actually extend it, we will have better work, life balance and become healthier as a result because we're not running a rat race.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah.
Jackson Bierfeldt: So that's what we're trying to do for our providers who. I'm never going to read this 500 page contract and it's just sitting on my shelf and like I'm scared of it and we're
sara.goscha: yeah, there's so much legal crap in it, too, that, by the way, MCOs have more lawyers than clinicians.
Jackson Bierfeldt: I believe that.
sara.goscha: Yeah. I'm serious.
sara.goscha: I'm like, why are there so many lawyers around here? You guys get out of here with that. But, yeah, there's a lot of lawyers, so.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Well, it was nice to meet you,
sara.goscha: but, yeah, just email me or message me if you're interested, and I'd love to stay connected.
Jackson Bierfeldt: We'll be in touch. All right, thanks, Sarah.
sara.goscha: Take care.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Bye now.