Nathan Peereboom: How are you?
anoraca: Good. How are you doing?
Nathan Peereboom: Good. Nice to see you. So we are here today with Lee and Becca. Leah is one of our engineers. Becca is our product manager. And I think that what we wanted to do is start out just by showing you the transition from the chrome extension that allows you to drop the note into Axiom. I think that that was important. And then Lee is going to have to run in, like, 15 minutes so he can walk you through some of that, and then Becca and I are here just to answer every question you might have about the product. And I know that what you are considering is a pilot program, and so we just want to give you all the information possible to help you make that decision.
anoraca: Yeah, absolutely.
Nathan Peereboom: Awesome. All right. So. Well, actually, wait, before we do that, Anora, is there anything else that you want us to keep in mind? Remember, make sure that we cover in this gathering.
anoraca: So I'm coming at this from the IT perspective. So my questions are kind of going to be around data retention, like we talked about, baas, that sort of thing. My team manages the EHR. So again, I'm coming at it from that side. Dr. Narayan has his. You know, he's coming at it. From the provider's perspective. So the two of us are coming at it with some different questions.
Nathan Peereboom: Awesome. Yep. And we can definitely cover that as well.
Lee Harrold: Perfect.
Nathan Peereboom: Hello, Dr. Naran. How are you? All right, so, Lee, why don't you take us through the chrome extension now? We'll do chrome extension, we'll talk data retention, we'll talk baas, and then we'll do anything else that we need to cover today, okay? Great.
Lee Harrold: All right. Can y'all see my screen?
Ravi Narine: Sweet.
Lee Harrold: Yeah. So this is a look at what jobsec the note page has to offer. So let's imagine I'm a provider. I have a lot of these notes that I'm ready to review. So. Kind of a lot. This is a relatively simple. Simple template. Only four sections. Your standard soap note. But still, you know, I'd rather not copy paste each one individually into each section. So this extension. Is available on the chrome web store. It loads notes on your account. You can see the per patient and the date. So let's. Just imagine this as Joseph Williams. I wanted to copy this over. I can just hit this launch button. And I'll pre populate any any fields you have pretty quickly. And I suppose if you wanted to, you could still copy over sections independently. Using this copy paste menu. Let's say I just want these two. You know I can. Paste them in and they apply some formatting. So this is useful with. I haven't used Axiom.
Lee Harrold: So I don't know if you know whether templating system looks like. But if, for example, there's just one large text block, you want, you know, each of these subsections inside of.
Lee Harrold: That offer some flexibility.
Ravi Narine: In an ideal world, it would be this simple.
Lee Harrold: Yeah.
anoraca: There may be some redesign on our ehr side to make it a little bit more tech friendly.
Ravi Narine: You have one for like a psych project that has different sections, like social history, past site history, that kind of stuff. Because soap notes, it's really easy to do. Subjective, objective assessment and plan. Our notes are more detailed in regards to mental status.
Ravi Narine: You know, family history, social history, educational history, legal history.
Ravi Narine: All of that stuff gets pulled into different sections.
Lee Harrold: Yeah.
Ravi Narine: Yeah, absolutely.
Lee Harrold: Yeah. So the way kind of this works is this. This will take a look at your target template inside of Axiom. And it will take a look at the job site template and it will just match the section names. So as long as the templates are built to match, it'll flow over immediately.
Ravi Narine: Okay. Yeah. So that's kind of what ours look like. There's a chief complaint, there's an hpi. History. Past medical history. The street and stuff.
Lee Harrold: Yeah. So JOTSEC is super flexible and will allow you to take any templates you currently have inside of Axiom and then immediately create the same template instead of jot. Psych. So.
Ravi Narine: Getting the fields to really line up, basically.
anoraca: Yeah, and I tested it out, Dr. Narayan on a couple different products with just adapnote to ensure sort of the same thing. It just meshes up the two different templates and looks for the same sections.
Lee Harrold: Well, cool. Do you have any other questions? Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: That was great. Thank you, Lee. The only other thing that I believe was brought up last time we chatted, or even if it wasn't, is worth talking about, is the data transition process. So this is something that we find really helpful. Even if you all just do the pilot program, one of the benefits if you do our four or six week pilot is that we'll do a full data transition so that any clinician who's using jotsyc sees their patience and has that background context in job psych. So that's something where if you had any questions about it, Lee is also the one to ask. Typically, that Transition takes about 24 hours and requires us just to have some login information to your electronic health record.
anoraca: Okay, so question about that. I don't know if how willing our EHR vendor is going to be for that. Is there an alternative? Like here's a data file. Or something like that.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, we can take any data file in ehr never wants data to leave their ehr. That's their moat. They are legally obligated to make it available, though. So we're happy to walk through, but we can use any data file, any data format. That's really not challenging. For us.
anoraca: Okay. And then when you say data file, is it just basic demographic information or how detailed do you get? Because we have a data warehouse, we can create tables and pull data from our ehr, and we do that quite often. We do that with a lot of things. So I just don't know what specific data or what detail we're getting to.
Nathan Peereboom: Oh, I'm sorry, Lee. Go on.
Lee Harrold: Yeah, I was going to say that sounds fantastic. That you have complete control. Really? Ideally, it's a CSV with patient demographic information. Their insurance information and any upcoming appointments that they might have.
anoraca: Okay, that's pretty straightforward.
Ravi Narine: Yeah, I saw there was a schedule section that you under demo just now. Is there a way for providers to kind of pull their schedule in easily?
Lee Harrold: Right now. You can do it via this import. Sequence. So if you export the schedule from your existing EHR into CSV format and then drop it in here, it'll show up on the calendars.
Ravi Narine: Okay?
Nathan Peereboom: Dr Nerine so the example Lee was giving if you export all of your appointment data which is in your ehr, we can pre populate all the calendars and schedules with that.
anoraca: And it's able to kind of see. All right, here's the provider. Here's the member.
Nathan Peereboom: If it's multiple providers, We work with a lot of larger clinics that have 100 different calendars that they're juggling.
anoraca: Yeah, okay.
Lee Harrold: All right.
Nathan Peereboom: Perfect.
anoraca: Let's see. I've got a few more questions, more probably around the IT side, and they're all pretty standard questions, but I still have to ask them. Right. Data used for training.
Nathan Peereboom: The model data is never used for training. I know that the data retention is also a question. So if you guys join as a group, you have full control over your data retention. So you can designate exactly how many days you want us to hold unsigned notes. If you sign notes in jotsype, we are obligated to warehouse those notes for seven years. We use the same facility that MedStar Health, the CDC. The NIH use and we actually lose the ability to delete them because it's a HIPAA EHR specialized facility. So that's just something to know. If clinicians do sign notes, they're there forever.
Ravi Narine: Do we have to sign the note in job site in order to export it? Or we can just export the data to the emr. Just sign it in. The emr?
Nathan Peereboom: Yep. That's what a lot of clinics like yours do.
Ravi Narine: Okay. And then just. We could then delete the data whenever we want to delete it.
Nathan Peereboom: Yep. And you could again. You could set it on a timer so it deletes every few days.
Ravi Narine: So why. Why is anyone signing any notes in job site?
Nathan Peereboom: The reason why people sign notes in Jotsyc is because many of our users use jobs like an electronic health record. Because in their mind they're like, well, if you guys can do scheduling and lab orders and document generation and E prescription and billing, then and I don't have to, you know, do this copy and paste thing or, you know, or have a Chrome extension around it. That's amazing. It's the whole platform in a single AI scribe driven workflow.
Ravi Narine: That's basically what I was thinking is you do offer it as an emr. Basically, yes.
Nathan Peereboom: That's right. Now. One thing to know is that, you know, you guys are probably not going to change your ehr anytime soon. It's a big, big decision. You're a large clinic. And you don't have to pay for ehr features you're not using. So, you know, if you were going to do, you know, the auditing and the, you know, and unlimited lab orders and e prescription, you know, the cost is closer to like 250, $300. But if you're just using the AI Scribe. It's just $99 a seat.
anoraca: Okay, so just to make sure I understand, last time we talked, we. It was like a $26 add on. But that's only if they're signing notes in Jotsych.
Nathan Peereboom: For the, for the other EHR features. That's right. For like lab orders and things like that. You can. The signing feature is not limited, though, so we would have to probably turn that off for your clinician so that they would think so.
anoraca: Yeah. Because I don't, you know, you don't want a. Clinician to just start signing and not realizing what. What's happening on the backend.
Nathan Peereboom: That's right.
anoraca: Okay? And you. You. You'll sign Enterprise baas with organizations. I assume you do okay.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah.
anoraca: I have to ask. You would be surprised.
Nathan Peereboom: I would be surprised.
anoraca: Yeah. We're dealing with that right now. Audio playback. So Dr. Narayan and I were talking about this a little bit. How does that, you know, store the audio? Just. The transcript.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. So the way it works is audio comes into our system and it gets chunked in these very small pieces, and then we immediately delete the audio as it comes in. And we're just working with a transcript.
anoraca: Okay.
anoraca: That's pretty standard, that, from what I've seen as well.
Ravi Narine: So the. The question about that now becomes is. It word for word. Scribing, like exactly what the patient says. That's what goes down.
Ravi Narine: Into the transcript because we get. We get patients that are psychotic that are. Just doesn't make any sense. They speak word salad.
Ravi Narine: They may speak in gibberish. What does the EMR do when that happens?
Nathan Peereboom: So this is one of the nice things about working with a behavioral health specialized scribe. Every time you finish an encounter, you get two documents. The first document is a transcript. Now, that is word for word. It's literally. We're just trying to factually understand what happened in the encounter. And then the second document, which is the note, that's the thing you actually save in Axiom, that is that has all the background of that patient. So, you know, when a clinician is listening to a patient and they seem to be, you know, to your point, like, maybe not a. Not a reliable narrator. One of the things that we encourage clinicians to do is in the record page, simply note down, you know, patient is not a reliable narrator, you know, and any, like, kind of nuance about their view of the patient's speech. In this private notepad. And what happens is that overlay, that context, gets pushed into the note. So you don't have, you know, someone, you know, in the HPI being marked down as, like, being Jesus Christ or something like that, which sometimes happens. So the node itself has all the scaffolding in the model. To protect psychotic or schizophrenic or, you know, misguided narrative from being understood as capital T, truth for the patient record.
Ravi Narine: Like if the provider wants to like. Basically put patients words in quotations. How are they going to be able to capture that?
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, so that's a really common thing. You can just add it as a setting. It's. It's pretty standard that people want the quotation in the note. And so anytime you are building a template, you can, you know, you can specify in the template that you need a quote. And then also anytime you're editing a note, you can, you know, you can say something like, always. Include a patient quote. In the chief complaint. And what that'll do is that will, you know, save it so that, you know, you always get something in whatever section you want that actually includes patient language. Thanks, Lee.
Nathan Peereboom: I know you have to run. All right.
Ravi Narine: We can also tell it to, like, use quotations throughout the hpi, like, if the patient says, I can't sleep, or I'm only sleeping five hours a night, that kind of thing. It can actually have it in the. In the documentation.
Nathan Peereboom: Yes. Yes, totally. So I would love to ask, you know, both of you, have, I think, been on a few more of these calls over the last week since we last spoke. How has your decision criteria or what you're screening for changed and evolved since our last conversation?
Ravi Narine: I think it's mostly been stayed the same. We're really like some products have more functionality than others. Like we've been able to see some unique kind of functionalities with some versus, you know, nobody's going to have everything right? And it's going to be more like what? What fits our need the best.
Ravi Narine: Basically, I don't think we're going to go with one product just because of one functionality when it's missing all the other parts.
Nathan Peereboom: When you think about what's most important to you, what's highest on that list. Right now, when you look at the field, For us, it's basically.
Ravi Narine: It's reducing provider burden, basically. Provider burnout, provider burden. You know, we are leading up to this point. Providers have been asked to do more with less and less. Every year, every single year, every six months, there's a new regulation or new policy or something new that they're asking you to do without giving you more time or more money to do it. And you've gotten to this point where providers are kind of cramming, everything that they have to try and get done in this visit in the 20 minutes, if they're lucky, and having documentation and everything, and then moving to the next patient, it's just. It's. It's just right for burnout.
Nathan Peereboom: One of the things that you mentioned just there is, like, increasing regulation and, like, implicitly, like, compliance risk, which is what's driving a lot of that burnout time. Last time we spoke, I think I heard it correctly that you also worry about undercoating. That's something that you're aware happens. Can you just talk about that and how you guys are thinking about compliance, regulation and undercoating? Like what? How do they all speak to each other?
Ravi Narine: Yeah, it's just basically, we just want to make sure that we're getting paid for the work we're doing. Just capturing the work that's being provided and billing appropriately. It's kind of, you'll probably get the sense of this over time, but a lot of providers are always worried about over billing and then getting our inappropriately billing and then getting kind of, you know, investigated or kind of. Being, like, highlighted for fraud, waste and abuse. And then all of a sudden what you get is a bunch of providers under coding to avoid that. And there's, there's been a, you know, an epidemic of undercoating because providers think that if they under bill, they don't run the risk of being, you know, scapegoated or investigated for over billing practices.
Nathan Peereboom: That makes sense. When you think about, like, undercoating, what have you guys done to address that? Or, like, acculturate change around it, it's super, super hard. It's like, it's rational. Like, it makes sense that clinicians think that way. But obviously it really deteriorates how many patients. You all can see how the facility operates, like the ability for it to be sustainable. So what has worked? What hasn't worked in terms of looking at that particular problem? Space.
Ravi Narine: Yeah, it's taken. You know, there's a lot of kind of guess man, hours of just educating providers. And teaching them billing, encoding. Because a lot of, a lot of private organizations or bigger organizations are just different models have either. Outsourced or an in house entire billing and coding team. So providers don't get taught billing and coding. They're to just talk to see patients. And then once they finish their notes, there's either a whole other team that looks at the node and then determines the appropriate billing and coding and apply it and then send it out. But we don't have an entire billing encoding team here. We have a finance department that sends out Bill. But when it comes to coding, the visit appropriately. That requires us teaching the providers how to build code. The encounter.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. We hear that all the time. And I think, I know we showed it last call. But I think that one of the best things about jotsyc is that it does coach your clinicians with this audit tool, because we want clinicians to understand where they're coding intuition is. So if you had put in like a 99212 here, it would still say, hey, you said 99212. We think 99213. Here's why. And then you'd see whatever changes in the chart would need to make that robust. But I do think what we hear from a lot of clinicians is that this drives a lot of learning and development. We also have a program called JOT Coach where this data is dripped to clinicians on mobile so they get wrap up summaries of the last week. Hey, you saw 40 patients. You build ten 99212s. In order to move from a 99212 to a 99213, here are three things that need to be true. Just consider that as you continue seeing clients. And so part of what we're trying to do is augment and be a prosthetic of sorts. For clinician leaders. That want the clinicians to start thinking in a way that is different than what they went to medical school for or what they went to social work school for. So we know that this is a cultural challenge, it's an education challenge. It's just one of the hardest things about being in medicine right now, and that I think is one of the really differentiating and unique parts of the way that we've conceived of job psych. One question I have is when you guys think about pilot programs, What would a great pilot program look like? I mean, you must have in your mind a sort of dream where you're like, hey, if any vendor could just comment on a silver platter, give this to me, I would just be thrilled. Like, that would be amazing. What is that thing that you wish would come to you? On a silver platter.
Ravi Narine: I think from a pilot program perspective, we would need. To have the product being tested in all the different areas that we're seeing, patients and populations. Because we have such a wide variety. So we have inpatient, we have outpatient, we have substance abuse, we have math clinics. We have tile, we have adolescent, we have adult, we have residential. And on top of all of that, we have SMI cot patients which are court ordered treatment. Just being able to at least have the product tested in all the different environments and patient population.
Nathan Peereboom: Gotcha. What is a barrier to that? Because that feels like such a no brainer. I mean, we serve thousands and thousands of clinicians every day. We've had tens of thousands of clinicians on jot psych throughout the course of the company's life. It seems like that's something that every single vendor could just be like, yeah, of course I have everyone in your clinic use our software. Is that something that you're getting pushback on?
Ravi Narine: Well, I wouldn't, I wouldn't say everyone, like all of our providers, would get access to it. I would just select one or two in each of the different settings. So I wouldn't, I wouldn't want every single provider using it, like, right off the bat simply because it's a lot.
Nathan Peereboom: So then when you think about the challenge of that, you know. Again. To me, it seems like such a. It's something we could so easily do. I have to imagine other companies could do it easily too. Is it like, template customization that's challenging for that? Is it like, education, like, sitting down with those clinicians and, you know, I mean, you know, that. You guys know Stephen Corona. Like, you know, we like to go travel out to, you know, to visit, teach, train and shadow the clinicians we work with. Is. Is that something where you're like, oh, that feels like it would be kind of necessary. What's a part of making what you're describing work really well in your mind?
Ravi Narine: Yeah, obviously, it would be best if. If the provider can have somebody just there to show them, you know, the interface and how to use it appropriately. To begin with. The plan is to kind of identify a couple, you know, a few super users who are going to be able to use the product, highlight it, and then, you know, teach it to the rest of the team.
Ravi Narine: So one of the barriers that I see is just getting enough, like, super users on board to do the pilot project.
Nathan Peereboom: Right.
Ravi Narine: Because you know all of this is going to require extra work. You know, hopefully it'll integrate very quickly and smoothly. But there's a learning curve, and it means, you know, it could impact their productivity.
Nathan Peereboom: Right? Right. Yeah, that makes sense. Because once you have, like, a few people who know everything, love it, talk about it around the lunch table, can answer questions in teams or slack or whatever you all use for internal comms, it really does change. It changes like the velocity and the momentum inside the organization. That makes sense. Okay, gotcha. What in your minds would be a reason to say no to Jot Psych? Like, what would be a reason where you guys would be like, hey, this pilot program, like, it's, you know, it's just we're not even interested in doing a pilot.
Ravi Narine: Not sure where. I'm not sure we're there. Like, I don't see any reason why we wouldn't at least try and pilot program with you guys. So it would just be if. If there wasn't the functionality with the Chrome browser being able to integrate into our emr, then that would probably be a barrier for sure.
Nathan Peereboom: Did what you see, what you saw with Lee, did that feel like what you were hoping it would be?
anoraca: Yeah. Great. So, Nathan, I have a question. Sure. We looked at another tool where they used. I think it was open. Evidence is like the clinical assistant. If you're between patients, you have a quick medical question. Does jobs, like, have anything like that?
Nathan Peereboom: Nope. We don't do clinical recommendations or clinical decision making. We've decided strategically to steer away from that right now.
Nathan Peereboom: And I think the reason. I think there are two reasons. One. There are great companies that are doing that already. Like, Open Evidence is doing a really good job of that. And we don't need to recreate the wheel just to sell more software. And then the second reason is we found that clinicians in general are very resistant to a top down approach to, like, changing the way they practice in this field. So we found a lot of. Because we of course, experimented with it. You know, everyone experimented with it early on. And what we found was that clinicians just really at a cultural level, didn't like the idea in behavioral health of, you know, an AI listening and participating in clinical decision making. Now, that's not going to be true forever, but in this moment in history, we've not found that to be a very attractive proposition to individual clinicians who, I mean, that's kind of who we focus on. You know, we obviously, like, love serving administrations. We are revenue focused, which is very good for, you know, clinic owners and, you know, clinic admin. But at the end of the day, like, I mean, you guys know this. My parents are clinicians the company was started based on clinician experience. None of the software actually works if clinicians don't fall in love with it and use it rabidly. And so anytime we make a product decision like this, we're asking ourselves the question, is this going to increase or decrease clinical adoption? And we're just like, very, very, very focused on never adding something that would detract from clinicians themselves falling in love with the tool.
anoraca: Great. Does jot Psych support Single sign on. By chance.
Nathan Peereboom: Yes. Yes. If you guys use Okta by any chance.
anoraca: We do.
Nathan Peereboom: So OKTA is the backbone of our authentication system. And what that means is that if you guys are using Okta, we can, like, you know, do the sso, okay?
anoraca: And then as far as billing goes, do you do monthly, Quarterly, annual.
Nathan Peereboom: You guys can do whatever you want, really. I mean, we're happy to do monthly. There's a discount if you do annual, but, like, we don't ever push anyone into that. We're not focused on, like, getting a long contract here.
anoraca: And then annual commitment, I'm assuming.
Nathan Peereboom: As well. Oh, sorry. No, you don't have to make a commitment.
anoraca: No.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay. There's no. There's no commitment required. There are, like, discounts if you do an annual commitment. I think it's like a 10 or 15% discount if you do an annual commitment. But it's not required. We just don't find that it's that important for us to retain customers again, because we think about ourselves essentially like B to C software. We think about ourselves as software that, like, is designed around clinicians falling in love with it. And. And they do.
anoraca: All right. And then you said for this, for the AI scribe, it was 99amonth per provider.
Nathan Peereboom: Yep, that's accurate. And then there's a 69, like, if you guys want the audit feature as well.
Ravi Narine: Yeah. So the audit tools is. Is. That per clinician. Okay?
Nathan Peereboom: But you don't have to have everyone on it. So you could selectively, you know, we have. We have some clinics who tell us, I love the audit system because when someone joins, we have them on it for nine months. Things start going really well and then we pull them off of it. And I can see who's really highly compliant. People who are really highly compliant don't need to be on the audit tool. So you can selectively move and, you know, Anora, it's part of the flexibility we have around pricing you. Can change. It's all a la carte, so you can change it. You can choose exactly what you want. You can move it up and down as much as you want. And there's no. There's no lock in. Should you choose to decrease the number of licenses you have.
anoraca: So can you remind me again what the audit. With the audit feature was.
Nathan Peereboom: Yes. Okay? So you guys have contracts with payers?
Nathan Peereboom: Those payers are intent on rejecting your claims. That's how they make money. In part. And so what we've done is we take rules from Cigna, Aetna Optum, cms, Apa Ama, and any document you give us. And we create all of these rules. And we can create 200, 300, 400, 500 rules. Those rules. Inspect every single node. So let's just look at, like, medical necessity. Statement required. So that's an important thing in some of your notes. We can track exactly how clinicians are doing on that. We can see how the clinic writ large is trending. We can edit the rule, we can disable the rule, we can view violations and actually go inspect the notes that have this problem and see if there are other issues with them.
Nathan Peereboom: And, and we can, you know, come up with clinic policies based on seeing trends in this. So we can sort all the rules by compliance. And say, hey, these four or five rules at the bottom, we need to in our all staff meeting, talk about why this is important.
Ravi Narine: Now, when it comes to only for notes that they've signed in your platform, right?
Nathan Peereboom: No, no, no. There any note that goes through the platform, they don't have to sign. We're going to probably take away signing ability for your clinic because it doesn't sound like you guys.
Ravi Narine: This data, this audit data is still captured.
Nathan Peereboom: Once this for every single note. So when you go to record a note, what you do is you click record. And then what. What typically happens is you'll select the clinician, will pick a billing code. So they might pick. You know, they can pick whatever they want. But when the note comes back, they're given an opinion on whether that code was right or wrong. So code supported is the way that we talk about that, and then based on that code, which rules have been violated or not? So the goal here is one we want to take an opinion on the code. Two. We want to show the clinician how our opinion differs from theirs. If so, mostly not, but if so, and then three, we want to help the clinician fix the note so that whatever code we are going to put that note under, the code and the note are compliant together. So whatever rules you have for a 99214, if the clinician is saying this is a 99214, And our system is, you know, agreeing with that. Then the note should have all the rules that you're saying you want applied for a 992 and four. So that is the audit feature. It's incredibly, incredibly powerful. Some people, for all of psychiatric history, the way that this has been done for the last 20, 30 years, it's been done with chart. Reviews. And chart reviews are manual. They're small sample size. They. They almost never have the surface area to give you a really good sample of what's going on in the clinic. They're extremely irregular. And when they're applied, they're applied across, like, three or four different rules. Right? There's no human brain that can look through, you know, 1,000 clinicians, notes. At any level of depth, with any level of, like, you know, numerical rigor and actually give you that data set. It's impossible. It's neurologically impossible for a human being to do that. And so what this is, is a machine driven ideal of what you wish you could do with chart reviews. What you wish you could do with chart reviews is say, hey, I know every little thing that a payer needs in a note. And I wish that I could look at a note, every single note. Actually, not just a sample, every single note and use that set of rules to grade the note and know if I have risk before I submit to a payer. And on top of that, I want a way to coach people into giving practicing at the top of their license or at least, you know, charging for the fair work that they did. Fairly charging for the work that they did. Right. So in all of those circumstances, what you're getting is kind of the machine ideal of what everyone wishes they could do in a chart review.
Ravi Narine: So in order to get on top of the scribe, in order to have the program suggest a billing code, you have to have the audit feature.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. I mean, everyone gets a batch of them for free every month, so it's not like you don't get that feature at all. But it is, like, metered.
Nathan Peereboom: And the reason is that it's actually really expensive work for us. And it's expensive because every time we analyze a note, we have to actually spend money to go have like some server, like run through the note, run through all the paradox. Like it's just extremely compute expensive. So that's why we charge for it on a meter basis. But. But everyone gets a sample every month. You guys have full flexibility over what you want to turn on and what you want to turn off. It doesn't have to be uniform across the organization. So we try and build in consideration for the fact that you guys are working a pretty complex puzzle and we don't want to shove you as a, you know, star shaped peg into a round hole. Does that make sense? Do you guys have any questions about the audit feature? Is there anything that. That is ringing, like, helpful or unhelpful?
Ravi Narine: No, it's just more clarification. I just want to have an understanding. Like, you know, there's the AI scribe which will, you know, do describing and provide the data that goes into the emr. But if we want the job site to suggest billing codes and how to get to a higher billing number, if you just do these few other things, you could get to the higher billing code. That is an add on.
Nathan Peereboom: Yep, that's right. That's exactly right.
anoraca: All right. So I know you mentioned. I think it was a 10% discount for annual commitment. Do you do volume discounts as well?
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, we do. And I think that we'd have to just individually negotiate that with you guys.
Ravi Narine: Yeah. Any special like rates for nonprofits?
Nathan Peereboom: Unfortunately, we don't do nonprofit special rates. It's not within policy. And we also, just as a company like. We price so close to what we are actually spending to deliver the software at this point as like a young and pretty tech forward company that you know that we have to actually be sort of disciplined on price in order to sustain our own business. Can I make a recommendation to you guys?
anoraca: Sure. Okay.
Nathan Peereboom: My recommendation would be that you. I. If I were you, I would start with our four week pilot program. And Dr. Noreen, I would like give us the list of, you know, all the departments that you want to have the two or three users in each one, you know, experience jots like, what we can do is we can do some custom template building so that they're actually getting a template that represents the complexity that you know, you have an axiom. Right. You've said this to us like. Like we have a complex template system. We want to get that right out of the gate. And we can, like, that's something that is, like, very doable for us if you give us those templates. And then we should just come out to Arizona. Like, we'll rent a van, and we'll go to each of your facilities and we'll, like, meet people, we'll do the lunch. And learns. You guys are, like, obviously a really, really exciting practice. We love. We love coming out to Arizona. We've been out there a bunch of times, and we'd love to. We'd love to serve you. So if that were interesting. I think that it could be a really valuable information giving step that answered a lot of your questions about use, value, time back, clinical perception, how quickly someone becomes a super user. And on top of that. It's a good way for us to build that case study that I showed you last time where we say, hey, this is the data that came out of this program, and we can break it down by department so you can see the differences, because there will be differences. There always are. And, and there's there's total flexibility. So you might decide, hey. You know what? It's only an inpatient tool for now. If that's. If that's best. But at least you get something in the hands of your clinicians fast and you get real data rather than just pitch data.
anoraca: Well, and I think we, we really want to change our templates. Our templates are. They're nightmare. If we showed you our templates, you would probably run out of the room. It's very. So the idea behind our templates today, it's a bazillion click. Civilian options and those clicks. Feed into the algorithm, which suggests the code. Right. So we kind of want to get away from that because that's not. That's not AI friendly. And it's not. I mean, we're missing a lot of context that a tool like this could give. So I don't really want to. I don't think Dr. Norin wants to also design an AI system to fit our template when our template itself has opportunity for improvement.
Ravi Narine: Yeah, if we can. If we can move towards fixing our EMR template, that would be the first step. Because integrating again, we are making something that you guys have a really stellar product. Having that conform to an EMR that's already not very functional is not. It's going to be kind of backwards. So if we. Our plan is to sit down with myself and an aura and decide how we're going to kind of. Even if we have to simplify a lot of the different areas, within the template and make it something a little bit more seamless, just like how you can pull that node in much easier. Having something like that. Is going to be our first step before, you know, moving ahead with, with an AI scribe to help putting that stuff in. And hopefully we can get that, that configured quickly and then we can, we can start, you know, using the products.
Nathan Peereboom: Can I make one other suggestion to you? Okay, so jotsyc is obviously an AI scribe. We also are a full service billing company. You. We're not trying to turn you into billing services clients, but one of the things we do as a billing service company. Is we take all the pair documents that our clients have. And we craft the perfect templates for them based on those documents. And so one of the things that might be interesting for us to help you with at least getting a first draft out for is these templates. So if that is something where you're like, hey, it'd be really nice to have a partner in the room, We would be super happy to participate in that with you if it were helpful, because we do have. Nora. You said you. You know, if you. If you saw our templates, you'd run out of the room. We have a God's eye view of this industry. Like, we have seen everything. We have scribed for, you know, nearly 2.5 million encounters. There's nothing we haven't seen. We know how everyone is like writing their notes when you've seen every insane template. There are templates and jobs like that are 120 sections long. You know, people like, I promise you, you are not the craziest person that we've met here. The benefit of that, though, is that we really do have very good pattern recognition in the particular skill of, like, writing behavioral health notes. That's all. I mean, that is the whole business. So if you want help with that, if you want it to be at least, like, have someone in the room that is thinking through the pair context as well as someone who has really high pattern recognition around the clinical context. We are the team, like, we are probably the best team in the world at that. So it's an open offer, but if that's, like, the gate to, like, just kicking off and starting, like, it's totally something we'd be happy to. Happy to work with you on.
Ravi Narine: That's. That's good to know. That's great. Yeah, a lot of the, a lot of the payers and the contracts are very similar to what you've experienced with mental health. Like, we're very, we're very aligned with them. Well, they're kind of, they're up north, but we, we have, like, we have quite a few other additional lines. Down in the central Valley. And I know. I know. And I will kind of, you know, discuss the offers, and we'll. We'll make a decision on that.
Nathan Peereboom: Perfect.
Ravi Narine: And we appreciate you, you know, willing to put boots on the ground and get out here and help us.
Nathan Peereboom: Hey, the offer. The offer change is once it's summer in Arizona. Okay. It's open until about April 10th.
Ravi Narine: I'm not going to believe it. It's going to be 100 next week.
Nathan Peereboom: Oh. My gosh.
Ravi Narine: That means I'm not coming out. It's Becca.
Becca Bressler: It usually is.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, how about this?
Nathan Peereboom: You guys need to think. You need to do, you know, do your process. Why don't we set up some time for next week? Just to touch base again, if it works for you. And. And also, you know, just as, like, a parting question, Is there anything that you would find helpful as an artifact here? Because we just want to get you guys to a quick yes or no. It's better for. For both of our teams. So what else could we do to help make this an easier yes or an easier no?
anoraca: I don't know if there's anything else you can do. We just have to sit down and take a look at our, our options and compare. And there's also some things going on on our side around quality QM oversight. Right. Making sure that we're not, it is not running away with, with AI in the clinical space. Right. So I'm. I'm sure there's some executive leadership that want to get some eyes on it and talk it through. I don't know. At this point, I mean, you've answered all my questions. I don't know if I have anything else left.
anoraca: To talk about. Doctor Ryan and I have to meet with.
Ravi Narine: Is there a cost associated with piloting it?
Nathan Peereboom: It's $499. And with that, you get two custom templates. You get us coming and visiting your clinic. And you. We set up, like, some dedicated customer support office hours. And it gives everyone who you should choose to have on the platform one month of, like, unlimited free access.
Ravi Narine: Sounds good. Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: All right, well, perfect. Let me just glance at my calendar. Sorry. One last thing. Can you guys just walk us through a little bit of the timeline here? Just so. Because we don't want to, like, rush you. We also don't want to, like.
Ravi Narine: Yeah, we're probably going to need the goal a bit further out the next week. We're not moving that fast.
anoraca: Sure. And I think until we build, until we're able to build some templates in our ehr, there's not a lot of progress we're going to be able to make as far as a pilot. We're meeting. Actually, Dr. Norrin and I are meeting this Friday with somebody on my team that builds the templates to see what we can get, get done, how quickly. There's some modules in our templates that feed into other things, and so we don't know if we can build it ourselves or. If we have to get our developer, our EHR organization to help us with it. But we have to get. We have to get going on that, really, before we can kick off any pilot.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay? Gotcha. Yeah, that makes a lot of sense.
Ravi Narine: I think maybe if we. If you want to touch base again, maybe we touch base on, like, the 25th around there.
Nathan Peereboom: Great. Yeah, that sounds perfect. How does 3pm my time.
Ravi Narine: That works. Yeah. 3pm Your time will be 12 hour time. Anytime after. Three. How about 3:30?
Nathan Peereboom: 3:30. Yep, you got it.
Ravi Narine: Okay.
Nathan Peereboom: Awesome. 3:30. Send. Okay, I just sent it to both of you. Let me know if you got the invite. And. Yeah, we'll circle the wagons then, okay?
Ravi Narine: All right. Thank you.
anoraca: Good.
Nathan Peereboom: Really appreciate both of you take care.
anoraca: Thank you.
Becca Bressler: Nice meeting you.
anoraca: Bye.