Thomas Vollaro: But yeah, it was a good experience. And I was just chatting with him last week and he mentioned your name and that'd be worth reaching out. How did you guys cross paths?
Nathan Peereboom: So Persona and I actually we went to middle school together and then we were debate competitors in high school because we went to different high schools. Then when we got to college, we lived next door to each other. Just total serendipity. And so he's like one of my best buddies. I love person.
Nathan Peereboom: He's a really good guy and, and I know he's great at what he does, so I'm sure like probably fairly positive impressions of him. He, he spoke extremely highly of you. He was like, never recommended someone to me before.
Nathan Peereboom: And he said, hey, this Thomas guy, he's like the sharpest client I've ever worked with. Which for him is very, very high praise because I know some pretty amazing people.
Thomas Vollaro: Yeah, it was a good experience working with him. I think you kind of like get a feel for somebody fairly quickly when you're working with a client or a consultant, you know, on the other end of this now and you kind of figure out whether it's going to work. I think fairly quickly.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah.
Thomas Vollaro: And it certainly works well between us and a few members of his team as well. It's always harder to actually like get to whether or not, you know, we're actually going to execute on the thing that we're talking about doing. But yeah, experience. So were you greater Cleveland metro area then?
Thomas Vollaro: Yeah, I lived in Chagrin Falls when I was like 10.
Nathan Peereboom: That's crazy. My sister falls.
Thomas Vollaro: Oh yeah, yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: That's a great place to live when you're 10 too. You go to the little like ice cream shop at the waterfall you like. I mean it's like a pretty idyllic 10 year old playground.
Thomas Vollaro: It was, it was great. It was like literally maybe 10 months or a year, like third grade. I don't know what, maybe that's the right age or not. I, I grew up in North Carolina. Before that my dad was in sales and just, you know, now, now sort of understanding how business works. I understand that you kind of fly from sales job to sales job sometimes. And so we moved there for a year. It was great. Got to experience a whole different type of thing. It was also like prime Calvin and Hobbes reading for me at the time. I don't know, like, and Bill Watterson is from Chagrin Falls and like we put it in the back of the books.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah.
Thomas Vollaro: So that was a nice like age to be while that was going on.
Nathan Peereboom: And then, yeah, we.
Thomas Vollaro: We've been in the TMV ever since. So I've been. I've been local here probably for, you know, over 20 years now. I. I guess I grew up mostly in. In Herndon, out in Fairfax County. I'm not sure where you are in D.C. you're probably in the city.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, yeah. Yeah, exactly.
Thomas Vollaro: Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: Hey, tell me such a cool story. It's so funny. Like, both of us coming from Cleveland, both of us getting to D.C.
Nathan Peereboom: i haven't been here 20 years, but it feels like I've been here a while.
Thomas Vollaro: Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: Tell me about. Like where you're at in your journey. Because I know.
Thomas Vollaro: Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: This conversation is in the context of you kind of starting to look around at other things and I'm curious like just what you're excited about. What the next, like what did you do? You're at Zola. Is that right?
Thomas Vollaro: The knot.
Nathan Peereboom: So the knot. Oh my gosh, what a full.
Thomas Vollaro: It's all good. You had a 50% shot, honestly. So it's. There's really only two companies. But yeah, I'll give you, I'll give you the whole background and I'd love to hear, but I'm listening. Oh, good. All good. Are you, you, your home office, I assume you're fully remote at this point or at least this week.
Nathan Peereboom: No, no, no. We just, we're. This is the office, so.
Thomas Vollaro: Oh, you're in an office. Oh great. Well, okay. So I started in IB quite a few years ago in investment banking and was interested in that type of work doing the M A side of things.
Thomas Vollaro: Figured out pretty quickly that the lifestyle. I was engaged to my now wife at that point, like wasn't gonna, wasn't gonna be good for our long term life and marital health. Coming, coming into bed at like 2 or 3 in the morning every day. So I mean it's like in. I think your background is probably consulting and coming out of that, that similar world as Prusan, like there's no replacement really for the experience you get. Right. When you come out of school and do that kind of work and just do the grind. Like it's exceptional in terms of the skill building. If nothing else that you, that's just useful to, to take forward. Whether you kind of go like yourself the entrepreneur route or you end up in the corporate side at a bigger company or if you stay on the client side, it's just like really useful to get that skill set and understand how things work. We were, we were in Tysons, so the bank I was working for is like mostly small and medium sized services businesses actually that we represented on the sell side. So like anything from 5 to 50 million, 100 million in revenue. Not super big, typically founder led sort of small strategic exits for the most part a bunch of companies that we'd sell like Accenture. So actually I think right before I started they did the ey Parthenon deal. They represented.
Nathan Peereboom: Oh, I didn't know that. That's crazy.
Thomas Vollaro: And then we the not used EY Parthenon for a few things over the years as well. Like similar stuff that we ended up doing with Persona later. On, but figured I wanted to do something else. Kind of lucked into a corporate strategy analyst role that was also in DC at it's Wedding Wire is technically the DC brand, but the company is the not worldwide. It's sort of a parent company of a bunch of different brands. The Knot and Wedding Wire being the two primary ones in the US which are two of the three wedding brands that exist. The US Two of them are within one company, Zola being the other. It's a very small sort of weird niche market. We basically have a version of the knot in multiple companies, multiple countries in Europe and Latin America. So kind of the land and expand playbook to some degree and it was a great place to land. Just like early in the career, kind of going through the IB route and then being on a very small lean strategy team that did everything from corp dev. Certainly when I started into more of like a biz ops sort of chief of staff, COO team type role the last couple years, Covid kind of threw things off for a year or two in the events industry, as you might expect, but just got a lot of exposure to different things across the business. Got to work closely with leadership, were private equity backed. It's like 4 to 500 million revenue range. So good learning from a state of size and scale in the private equity world and how to work with sponsors and things like that, it was a really good experience for me. Generally speaking, I'm actually not at the company as of two weeks ago, so I'll take you to that journey as well. But really the last two years I've been contemplating what I want to do. Things that kind of dried up a little bit in terms of my excitement level for solving some of the same problems and not really executing on them. As a company we built a really good team. We were up to six people. It wasn't necessarily a lot of vertical room for me. So sort of go somewhere else in the company, do something more operational or start to look elsewhere. I really liked the leadership that we had at the time. The original founder and CEO, the cfo, my boss is the head of strategy. Just really good people that I learned a lot from. So, you know, I kind of, I kind of wanted to stick close to them, that they were who I was getting the most out of. And you know, in start of 2025, founder retired, brought in a new CEO. My good friend and CFO left in October. My boss decided a couple weeks ago that she was going to leave as well. So just a lot of change, new regimes is a little more difficult to work with. Things aren't going particularly well and I kind of had reached a bit of a ceiling developmentally too that I knew once I kind of got to this director level. Two other senior directors on my team, it's not really a lot of flexibility upward and a lot of the people that I really admired and enjoyed working with had gone onto the next chapters of theirs and when you get somewhere for six and a half years, seven years, it's like this push, pull of, like, it's harder to leave every time, every month and half, year and year that you stay because you just built this sort of trust and. Reputation within the, within the group that you know, you have to reset to some degree somewhere else. But at the same time it's just like not, it was just not feeling good for me and when my boss decided to leave a couple weeks ago, it just kind of opened the door for me to make a similar call. And I, and I took a flyer and I am now out, out in the world. So worked out a separation agreement and now now very much exploring other things that's out there and just doing a lot of the networking rounds. Right. Working a lot of the folks that I knew at, at the knot in the area, just trying to get a sense of what's here because that's really like the only inflexible thing to some degree about what I want to do is, you know, my family's here, I got a one and a half year old son, my wife works in like the government contracting world on site. I'm either here or I'm remote. So trying to build more within the D.C. area because I know it's kind of a niche ecosystem, particularly if you want to be maybe not in the defense security government world.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah.
Thomas Vollaro: So that's, that's kind of where I am now and what excites me generally, I think working on a lean team is something I got exposure to it working at a small boutique bank. I got exposure to working sort of within this larger company that only had a small group of people that did a bunch of things.
Thomas Vollaro: And I like wearing a lot of hats. So that's kind of what interests me from a specialty perspective. M and a corp dev is like, is probably my, my bread and butter that I, that I know the most. But I do think, you know, sort of working in the IR world, working in the office of the, you know, whether it's the CEO or within a leadership group, like that's something that very much interests me. I don't know much about the startup world. TKW is about 2000 employees. I haven't had exposure to a lot of startups and know that generalist roles are not always something that is prolific hiring for startups something I'm interested in, but I just don't, I just don't know much about it to be honest with you.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. Besides, first of all, thank you so much. That's incredibly helpful and a really amazing path. Like just you've seen so much. You've gotten to work with like a really elite team. The I banking background is like so helpful for corp dev and yeah, I totally see that you have it's like an exciting moment where, like, it's a reset. It's a natural reset for you.
Nathan Peereboom: You can do whatever you want. You've got, like, a sterling reputation. Like, your resume is amazing. Like, you've just got everything. I'm curious, though. When you think about what you want to do next, there's a role question, right?
Thomas Vollaro: Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: And then there's, like, you mentioned, like, team size and, like, you want to do something, like, lean and tight and, you know, you're not looking to be, like, the cog in, like, some kind of, like, huge conglomerate thing.
Thomas Vollaro: Yeah. Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: What else is important to you? And here's what, here's why I ask. I have. There's like something cooking in my brain right now, but I don't want to. We have a very strong belief here. One of our core beliefs about people is we never ask someone to do something that they don't want to do from a first principles level. And so, you know, I. There's something that I kind of want to get to by the end of our conversation, but I also want to like, really not lead the witness too much.
Thomas Vollaro: Yeah, yeah, no, totally fair. I appreciate it. I think the, like, the thing that stands out to me the most, role company, whatever, is more just like the thing I probably developed and learned the most from and enjoyed the most about my work in the past has been the people like working. I just had the chance to work within a really, really great team with really great leaders. So, you know, my priority, especially coming out of, you know, now that I'm out in the, out in the open as a free agent, right. Is finding, trying to find these connections where I, where I have a little bit of knowledge of that people element.
Nathan Peereboom: Right.
Thomas Vollaro: You know, the grass is not always greener somewhere else concept. Very aware that that's, that's true. And I think you can kind of mitigate that to some degree by knowing at least who's playing in the grass over there. Right. So, you know, a lot of conversations with folks that are at different places around the area trying to kind of get in the right conversations with people that might have roles they need to hire for. For example, like a few folks that I know that are now CFOs at tech companies in the area, which is a great connection to have if, if there's budget. Right. Of course, for, for things like this. But trying to establish those things. I've had, I've gone through a few interview cycles with companies that I've known from the past, I've worked with closely in the past. So that people element is kind of what I'm trying to orient around initially here. You know, at. As this period goes on and I haven't, if I haven't figured something out or found something, I think, you know, beggars can't be choosers. You know, you live in this area, you know how expensive it is, at some point I need to kind of make a call. But that's my priority first and foremost. And I think I'm, I'm open to most other things. Right. Like I don't know exactly what a role in a really small company might look like. I don't really know what a role would look like in a really big company, frankly, but through conversations I've had with folks I trust, through some very diligent chat GBT career coaching, I don't think I want to be a big like in a big company, just like one of 37 guys on a corp dev team doesn't really interest me, and I don't think it would play to my strengths anyhow. So that's like the only thing that's kind of out of bounds to. To me, other than, you know, a job, I need to be like on site in Chicago four days a week because it's just not going to happen. Right. I actually like the sort of intermittent travel is great. I really enjoyed that about my past job. But with, with a kid now at home and everything else going on, it's like I certainly can't be doing that frequently. I do like an in person element. I think that's something that I got six months on the front end before COVID at the Knot and it was just like, that was just such a useful period of time to get to know people that I just hired a guy a couple years later who did his investment banking completely remote when he started. He worked completely remote for the postpartum. Didn't get a lot of engagement. There is some in person engagement that is just super, super useful, particularly in an onboarding setting. So I'm starting somewhere new regardless of where I end up. Right.
Thomas Vollaro: I, I think there's just like value in being present and learning for a couple days a week or however, however frequently it is. But it's certainly something I'm flexible on if it's zero or if it's five. Right. That's, I don't really care so much there. But that's, that's, that's kind of where my mind is at in terms of what my priorities are. So I'll, I'll pause there if that leads you a certain path.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, totally. What are the things that you feel like uncertain about, like when you talk with people right now, what are the things you're trying to figure out?
Thomas Vollaro: I think for me there's a few things I have kind of been on the lookout probably for like the last year at what kinds of roles are out there, what kind of things like fit my eye, what piques my interest. And for me a lot of those. And this can sometimes be as relative being in one place for a long time. Right. A lot of those end up being like the person that gets hired is 15, 20 years of experience and I've been in the workforce for eight years. I can't really move that part of the equation. And I just. A similar thing with interview process I had last week, which is sort of like a very positive, they really like me, they're going to go with somebody that probably has done this for like 10 more years. So that's like for me going through this process and trying to figure out and like set my level on what is, you know, what's the level of role I'm looking for, what kinds of companies are hiring for this, what people are open to, like, somebody that doesn't have just a ton of experience, frankly. Right. And it's sort of open and hungry and interested in doing a bunch of things, but doesn't necessarily have all the. The bullets on the resume to prove out that I've done 35 deals, you know?
Nathan Peereboom: Wait, have you done 35 deals?
Thomas Vollaro: No. No.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay.
Thomas Vollaro: I've done less than 10 deals. Right. This is just a matter of kind of, like, where you end up. That most of my time here has not been doing M A deals because there's just not that many in our. In a sort of, like, weird. Industry like this where you're like the 90 market share leader.
Nathan Peereboom: What deals did you do? Like, did you, like how many deals did you do it?
Thomas Vollaro: I, we did five acquisitions in my time here, maybe two divestitures, a few debt refis and we've worked with our private equity folks for a while on the exit. That should have happened for you know, four years ago. We're on like year seven or eight of their three, four year time horizon. So it's getting like a little tricky generally speaking. But yeah, we've done a few different kinds of deals since I've been here. The first two that I worked on. One was sort of a new business line addition. We, we didn't have any sort of E commerce revenue lines. We bought a small stationary company. You know, it was like a million dollar deal. Now we're doing 35 or 40 million dollars in just wedding invitations and stationary. So that was a, that was a fun one. That was successful. We did like a, like for like brand acquisition in the UK since we didn't have any sort of exposure there. And then we had some time off with COVID from, from doing deals and they're sort of like yeah, there were some, there might have been some bargain basement type opportunities because people were just struggling during that time. The same degree that some of that exists now, honestly. But we didn't. We only try to do one of those over my time here. We kind of know most of the players in the space. It makes it good and bad to know like if you want to do a deal, you can go do it. But we kind of know what's out there and there's a reason we haven't done a bunch of deals and now within the last year. So it's just not like in the new CEOs like the forefront of what she's thinking about in terms of Inorganic M and a few other deals we did, we bought a small software company, we bought an elopement company and a little company. Yeah, it's a weird industry, but company. There's like one of them. It's called simply Eloped. It's basically like a wedding services platform that brings together a collection of wedding vendors in a venue and basically allows you to book hey, I want to go to Aspen and just get married. Small wedding, here's $5,000. Can you just make it happen for me? And they do that explicitly, right? These are small, small businesses. There's just not that much room for it. But whereas like what the not does is much more of the like big big time marketplacey type model where we're just connecting you between wedding vendors and wedding couples. And we have this now outdated advertising model that all of our money basically comes from vendors just paying us to be on the site.
Nathan Peereboom: Right.
Thomas Vollaro: It's sort of like online Yellow Pages level of sophistication still to some degree, whereas like Google and Meta and the advertising you can do elsewhere is just so much more advanced and flexible. But we haven't had any competition, so it's been like. A bit of. A bit of like a problem of our own making that things were just so successful, margins were so good, we have no competition that we just haven't had to really innovate a whole lot. And it's catching up to us a little bit on the back end here, just because of the macro and because these companies that don't care about weddings at all just happen to have advertising products that are a little easier to use.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah.
Thomas Vollaro: Than. Than what we have. And it's. And maybe we hit the. Maybe we hit the cap of what a sort of like, wedding specific marketplace business can be as well. It's. It's. It's a tricky little industry. Zola, for example, a lot of what they do is really interesting and innovative and looks a little bit better. They just struggled so much to make any money financially. They're always just fighting against it. I would expect in the next three to five years, they either fold up or get bought out by somebody, but not in a. In a positive way, unfortunately. So anyway, that's too much about the wedding industry that you didn't. You don't need to know.
Nathan Peereboom: No, I'm now convinced I should go alone. $5,000. That's amazing. You get married. No, I'm not. No.
Nathan Peereboom: That's actually the constraint.
Thomas Vollaro: I was, I talked to the founder for, like, several years. I. I got to know in, like, 2020. We did the deal on 2024 or something.
Thomas Vollaro: I was like, listen, if. If, if a lot more men were making, like, the full decision on the marriage, you'd probably, like. There'd be so many more of these. And you tell me I just have to hand you $4,000 and you do the whole thing. It's great. It's perfect. I don't have to plan anything.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah.
Thomas Vollaro: But, yeah, you could consider it someday if you could decide to get married. Or if you. If you're already married, don't consider it.
Nathan Peereboom: All right. That's so funny. Well. Well, we'll see. We'll see. Okay, Cool. Interesting. Are you. When is like, in terms of timeline? I mean, I know that look. You got a kid. You're like. You're like, dc's expensive. You probably want to, like, get started fast. Are you. What is the point at which you would feel like that beggars can't be choosers mindset is gonna kick in because you're. You're just out. I mean, there are some people in your situation that say it, I'm gonna take a year off. I'm gonna find the perfect thing. No one's gonna rush me. Like, I've had a great career, I've probably got good savings. Like, there's. There's a world where, like, you actually never feel that. But it sounds like that's in your mind. You're already interviewing. So, like, tell me about the timeline and also, how are you thinking about contract work versus full time work, et cetera, et cetera?
Thomas Vollaro: Yeah, in my heart of hearts, I would like to use the first three months to really go after the right thing, not the first thing. So I would like to really take some time to figure out what's out there. And give a little bit of time also for things to develop in terms of networking and connections and, you know, people needing time to build a role potentially. My wife's timeline is probably more like a month. So that's the thing that I'm kind of working upstream against to some degree is like just the. She's feeling a lot more of the stress than I am of just the, of the unknown of it all. And so I've interviewed a few places that I felt like were interesting because I knew, like I said, the kind of, that people element of it would have felt comfortable jumping into something fairly quickly. I'd love to take a month off regardless and just kind of figure it out, do some things around the house. This is unfortunately not a good time of year to work on any sort of outdoor. You can't work on the golf game, nothing like that. But in terms of full time, part time consulting I have, from the conversations I've had the last couple weeks, I'm leaning a lot heavier into. I should probably explore certainly in the interim what this freelance consulting, fractional, whatever you want to call it, experience could look like. Because for a few reasons, one, it seems to be something that's like relevant to people. There's a lot more work in that area. A lot of people that I know in my network certainly could probably scrounge up 10, 20 hours a week of work for me that you could put together and make a, make a solid living out of. And also a lot of those roles just kind of develop into something full time if you can kind of prove out your value and your worth. Right. So I'm leaning a little bit heavier into like that seems like a good, certainly interim thing to do until maybe the, the right full time role comes about. But I'm sort of, I'm open to both, but leaning a little bit more in that direction just because I know some folks that might have a few things cooking that I could probably start, you know, quickly and might be temporary, it might be 10 hours a week, might be here or there. It kind of does the thing for me of filling the resume blank while also keeping things stable, you know what I mean? So I'm leaning a bit more that direction at the moment. But if the, you know, full time role popped up tomorrow, I'm certainly not close to it.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, cool. Let me give you a little context on us then.
Nathan Peereboom: I'm gonna have to run in like probably five minutes, but.
Thomas Vollaro: No, no, no, if you gotta run in 11:30, just let me know. We can always put more time on later.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, well, let me. Let me give you. What did Person tell you about who we are, what we do, yada, yada?
Thomas Vollaro: Not a lot.
Nathan Peereboom: All right, so I started jotsych with my co founder about two and a half years ago.
Nathan Peereboom: We're an AI scribe in behavioral health, so we record encounters, we create notes. That was the first year and a half. The business.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, we now are a RCM company. So not only do we do the note, but we do eligibility checks. We actually will write the billing claim, we'll route it to insurance, we'll then auto appeal that.
Thomas Vollaro: Okay.
Nathan Peereboom: We're really like building a plan as it goes. Like we've got our first billing clients we're like putting together and one of our growth strategies is acquiring these tiny billing companies. We're like just starting this, you know, we're starting to have conversations.
Nathan Peereboom: People are excited about it. It's great because billing companies are like bad businesses. You know, they're all people, they don't grow. They're. But, but they, they have a book, you know, they have a book of customers. And we believe in like our shitty Excel models that we've built that, that this is actually like the wage like to grow. I mean we do digital ads, we upsell our customers. We've got a little over 2 million bucks of ARR. So like you know, we've got enough to work with in terms of growing and upselling but really we've got like it's three and a half million bucks on the balance sheet. These deals like you know, you pay 50% up front and then you pay like, you know, mile milestone payments a year later.
Thomas Vollaro: Yeah, like earn out. Sure, yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: Earn outs. Yeah. And you know, I spend some time on it, I spend as much as I can, but I'm super busy. Like I've just got a lot going on and so the, so you know, it's, it's going. But it's something that would be awesome to have some support on. What's cool about it is that it's an infinite strategy. It's a strategy where you can eat billing companies for several years as you go from like we're probably a. We haven't raised a series A, we've only raised a seed. But we're maturity wise at series A. We'd like to not raise, we'd like to go and you know, continue to grow and then raise some debt financing or something interesting later. But, but we think this is actually a really, really powerful way to grow. And one way, if you were interested, I could imagine like an experiment where like we tried working together on this. I think that it's really obvious why you would find this interesting. You know, it's M and A, it's high volume, it's deal flow, scrappy, it's small team. So I don't know if it's going to work but I'm like, we're betting a significant amount of our balance sheet. So I'll just, like, frame that as, like, you know, that's kind of one of the things that's going on right now. And if that's something you wanted to explore, probably, like, the next step would be to have an interview with myself and, like, maybe one or other person on the team. And then what we probably do is say, and we always do this with folks. We like to do, like, a month of trial. So we say, hey, we'll pay you as a 1099 contractor for a month. Let's see how it feels. Yeah, you know, you might, you might dislike us. We might like find that the strategy doesn't work, whatever it is, but what it does is it allows us to get started really fast rather than say, oh, we have to go through 10 different interviews and be, have no uncertainty about the decision because really you don't know anything until you've worked together. And for some people this is impossible because they've got a full time job and like, you know, they can't leave and do a month thing and then, you know. Right.
Nathan Peereboom: But for you it's kind of perfect because you also just, you know, want to probably get enrolling, get more information and for us it's kind of ideal too. So.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, I'll just throw that out. Why don't you think about it.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, email me back if you're like interested. Right now the primary function is like essentially like building the, you know, building top of the funnel for it. You know, again, these companies are small. They do like 200 to a million to 5 million bucks of, you know, revenue a year. The sweet spot for us is like half a million to like 2 million. And, and so I mean I mess with people on LinkedIn every day but like, you know, there's some real like strategy around, like hey, who do we call art? Like how do we like structure the process? I mean again, I've done, I've done like I can show you what I've got if you're interested.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, but, but I think it could be a really cool spot for you to plug in. Yeah, again there's no pressure but, but that's probably like when I think about your background and the fact that you're so highly recommended from person and the fact that like again, we don't really believe in the interview process, we kind of just believe in like working together and like figuring out, yeah, sure, that's something I could be open to. And because we're dc, you know, we could work, yeah, you know, we can work shoulder to shoulder for the next month.
Thomas Vollaro: Yeah, yeah, certainly something I'd be interested in. So let me think about it. I'll let you get back to your call that you're probably four minutes late to. But yeah, no, I think, I think there could be a good match there. I think I could definitely do with some learning about the types of companies that you're talking about, like what that stuff actually means.
Thomas Vollaro: It's not in that world in any way.
Thomas Vollaro: But yeah, let's talk about it a little bit more.
Nathan Peereboom: I think that could be really interesting. All right. Cool. Thomas, great to meet you. Thank you for the time.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, thank you.
Thomas Vollaro: I appreciate it.
Nathan Peereboom: All right, take care. Have a great weekend, okay?
Thomas Vollaro: Yeah, you too. Bye. Bye.
Nathan Peereboom: All right, see you.