Jackson Bierfeldt: Okay, so. Let's go through. Unfortunately, this is our first call without Adam. Yesterday was his last day.
Jackson Bierfeldt: So you're going to be seeing more of us now, but we've got you in good hands here. I'm just pulling up your account. So actually, can you. Are you logged into JotSec on your computer right now, Brittany?
Emily Kaiser: Yep.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Great. I think I want to show you some of this just through your view. So that. We can get familiar with it. So would you mind sharing your screen?
brittni roldan: Sure.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Great. Okay, so can you go and in your URL bar at the top? Do you see where it says, you know, jot sec.combilling? Can you just remove all of that and change it to slash jot bill all one word? This is a new interface that we're just testing. So it'll, you know, you're never going to have to type that in again. That's just while we're putting that out. But this is going to be the new view that you have.
Jackson Bierfeldt: So first of all, I'm curious, like how often do you find yourself going into the like jot bill section of the of the website on your own?
brittni roldan: Very infrequently.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Okay, great. Yeah. And, you know, part of you using us as the billing service is that you shouldn't have to go into this very much. You know, we're going to be managing that for you. But if you do ever want to go in and just check on things, this is going to be. Places and you'll see here on this overview, it's kind of organized in such a way as to show you like, hey, here's what's going on right now. You know, you have nine claims already submitted, eight of them got paid, things are going well. You don't need to worry about it. Or, you know, it's the alternative we're happening. You know, it would be saying, hey, your claims are all getting denied by Cigna or Aetna or whatever. I know you don't work with those right now, but, you know, and then you would, you would know what to do. But for our purposes today, if you go to the work. Page where there's that number three right there, the, the main thing that we need to talk over with you is that we are starting to get patient responsibilities back from HealthLink. And we just wanted to go over with you and see how you wanted to, to handle those. So if you click on the patient billing tab over on the right, you can see even a little bit more detail here. So these are the three patients that have already gotten confirmed, you know, amounts from the, from the payers.
Jackson Bierfeldt: And I think for Marie and Jesse, those are just $30 co-pays each, you know, totaling up to 60. And then for Kimberly, I know, you know, we told you about this before, but we, we weren't able to actually get in contact with the, with the payer. I believe it's not health link. I don't fully understand that like they contract out to, you know, a bunch of smaller ones. I know that you're well aware of this. So it's actually, I'm forgetting the name, but it's like pharmacy benefit managers incorporated or something like that.
brittni roldan: College. So yeah, something like that.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Okay. So it is coming back though showing that it's part of her deductible. I don't know. Have you had a chance to discuss that with Kimberly herself? Okay. So that's probably the biggest decision point that we would sort of need you to make is around do you want to just charge her the full amounts for these or do you want her to, you know, find out from her insurance whether or not these deductibles are actually correct or not? Because it's unfortunately something we're not able to get on our side and it's going to have to just be one of those situations where the patient needs to go to their insurance themselves and, you know, find out like, hey, what is my plan? What is actually the deductible here?
brittni roldan: Yeah. Well, I'll revisit that idea. I don't really want to charge her for the past visits, but, you know, moving forward, I won't work for free.
brittni roldan: So I'll let her.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Okay, great. So just to show you what you can do here. So you can actually click into Kimberly's account. And it'll show you in here, you know, what the patient's current balance is, how much has been charged, what the insurance paid, the adjustments that the insurance made. And then, you know, what the patient has paid. So this is all based on, you know, the 800 total charges like what your fee schedule has, you know, for these CPT codes. And you can see this if you click on any one of those individual encounters. You can, you know, pull up and actually see, okay, it was a 992.14. They adjusted it down. They said they weren't going to pay, you know, blah, blah, blah. And you can actually, if you scroll back to the top here, if you want to just like zero this out and say, hey, I don't want to charge it from before, you could just click record payment. And you can just say in your, you know. What, what, what that $37936, you could put that in there and put a note and just say that you're like striking, striking that and then it'll make sure that her balance goes down to zero. Again, going to leave that up to you in terms of how you want to handle it for Kimberly in this, in this weird case where we can't figure out the deductible right now.
Jackson Bierfeldt: But I also just wanted you to kind of be aware of the interface so that going forward, you know how to manage this. If it's telling you that a patient owes something and you really don't want to charge them for it, this is where you would handle all of that.
brittni roldan: Okay.
Jackson Bierfeldt: But let's go back to the patient billing. So just. Yeah, you can go there and then click on the patient billing tab. And for these other ones that are just co-pays, is this something where, you know, it's a communication with the patient. So we can, you know, you're, we're, we're managing your billing for you so we can handle this like copay collecting.
Jackson Bierfeldt: I just wanted to like align with you first and make sure that you're comfortable with what that process looks like and how it'll look for the patient.
brittni roldan: Yeah, that's fine. I don't, I haven't seen Jesse in a while, so I don't know if he'll pay you or if he's interested in doing any more care or not. But yeah, I'm okay. And I did tell Marie that she would be having a $30 copay. So.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Okay, great. Well, let's just send these out together right now just so you can see what that looks like. But then we can, you know, do those co-pays in the future when we get those confirmed by the insurance. So if you just click on Jesse. You see that we have a 60 $60 balance and I think it probably just makes sense to send that for both of these rather than sending him to text messages. So you can go ahead and click send invoice in the top right there. And it'll already be prefilled. That should be Jesse's phone number. And then you can just for the reason if you want, just put, you know, copay for two sessions. And if you hit send via SMS, then Jesse will get that. Just a link via text where it's very easy for him to, you know, make that payment with a credit card or debit card or however else people, you know, pay for things normally online.
brittni roldan: Okay.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Great. And then we can go back. I see I need to add a better back button there. So go ahead and click on patient billing again. And then let's do the same thing for Marie. And that's it. So when, when they pay, that will go in, be marked up against their balance and then they won't have these balances that you need to control anymore.
brittni roldan: Okay.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Excellent. Okay, so I think that was the main thing that we needed to handle on patient billing. The only other outstanding. Topic I think is on coal alliance. We're still waiting on that. So if you click on claims. And you go to the filters. We should be able to change the payer to look at. The one that we send. So yeah, yeah. Coal health. And then change that date range. You can just press the X on it. Because I think this was a while ago, right?
brittni roldan: We were billing something.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah. So we, we sent this out. And my understanding is that we actually cannot finish the alliance coal health plan. Bank information until they send you the physical remittance from this assessment. So you should be getting something in the mail. I believe a check for this one.
Jackson Bierfeldt: And then once, once you get that, it'll have a reference number on it. That we will then put onto the form that we submit to them to get them to start sending that to us electronically. Another fun classic, you know, payer payer thing. So I just wanted to confirm, are you already in the habit of receiving checks from this payer?
brittni roldan: This will be my first time being paid by them. So I don't know.
brittni roldan: I mean, so this is my
Jackson Bierfeldt: first, do you get physical checks from any other payer?
brittni roldan: I had gotten one. From HealthLink a long time ago.
brittni roldan: And then of course someday people pay me with checks.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Okay, great. So I would just be watching your mailbox. I don't know actually. Which address. They would have sent that to. I assume it would be your facility address. So I don't know if you have a PO box for that or you're like Office suite. But let's just be monitoring that and then let us know as soon as that comes in. And you can just take a picture of it because I, there should be two reference numbers on there that we then put into a form and submit. And then from then on, it seems like everything should go electron.
brittni roldan: S. Okay.
Jackson Bierfeldt: But yeah, just wanted to make sure that that was something you're aware of.
brittni roldan: Okay.
Jackson Bierfeldt: And I think that's it. Do you have any questions on your end?
brittni roldan: I don't think so.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Okay, great. Well, then I think I can just thank you for your flexibility in moving the call today. Sorry I ran over earlier. And we will let you know if we need anything else on our end and you'll let us know when you have that reference number.
brittni roldan: Perfect. And then, so I was meeting with Adam or we had something on the counter like every week. I don't think we necessarily mean to meet every week. Do you feel like we need to schedule anything or.
Jackson Bierfeldt: I don't think so. You're speaking my language, Brittany. I'd love to get those meetings off the calendar unless we need them. So yeah, I think we can just move to ad hoc. You know, whenever you need to expand to new payers, you know, we can do that. We, you know, that's usually where we're going to really need to get. Otherwise we can just accomplish everything via email that we need to do.
Emily Kaiser: Okay. I can also help navigate all of those things. Like if any questions come up or if you do get to the point where you want to expand new payers, you can always reach out to me and I can set something up. Okay. Perfect.
Jackson Bierfeldt: All right. Thanks so much.
brittni roldan: Thanks. Have a great day.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Bye.