Nathan Peereboom: Hey, Jorge, how are you?
JORGE VALCOURT: Hey, Nate. Doing well yourself?
Nathan Peereboom: Good. It's so good to see you. It's been a little while.
JORGE VALCOURT: It's been a while. How you been?
Nathan Peereboom: I have been great. We are at a team retreat in upstate New York, and Chris came to me two days ago, and he said, hey, we're starting a direct customer service line for Jorge. We all are on the same phone number. We got the whole team running it. And it's going to be great because I think that your clinicians, it's such an important thing to see, is valuable to just make sure people have access, can figure things out, can troubleshoot, know that we're human beings at the end of the line. So I just want you to know that that little inspiration is probably going to be a big part of the company going forward, given how fast it got spun up.
JORGE VALCOURT: That is great to hear, Nate. I've been in touch with Jackson for the last week. Maybe we spoke. Three times. Yep. At least it's great you guys are asking for feedback. And taking into account what we are going through totally.
Nathan Peereboom: Well, I know that today what I want to collect from you is your wish list for the analytics and dashboarding. The way that we're going to do this is we're going to spin up kind of a separate little website initially that gives you access to all of those analytics, and you'll be able to see it in real time. And then eventually it'll sit actually inside the product. But initially, I'm going to spin up the dashboard with some of our analytics engineers, and we're just going to go back and forth similar to how you and Jackson are going back and forth until we dial it in perfectly, and then we'll move it into the application itself. So today, what I want you to do is just totally dream about what this could look like. And then it's my job to go back and build something for you that delivers that, all right?
JORGE VALCOURT: But it's fine. Okay. I went ahead and I had a quick meeting with Janet just to ask what she thinks is going to be important for the office. Perspective.
Nathan Peereboom: Sure.
JORGE VALCOURT: And I believe you already have access to the report section of. Right.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, so that's good.
JORGE VALCOURT: That's a very good start. Let me see.
Nathan Peereboom: Here it is.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, I'm going to throw the lights on in here. The sun's about to set. All right, There we are.
JORGE VALCOURT: Good.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay.
JORGE VALCOURT: Maybe if I give you the name of the report. You can go to collab later on and pull up our example so you know how it looks like. Okay, so without charge. Vs in victor bh those are. The report shows the claims that haven't been submitted yet, okay? Now this is really the clinch about the session. That have not been put through. The billing portal. Okay? Claims report?
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, go ahead. Can I just ask a question? In my brain. The way that I think about this is there's this funnel. So. You have total hours that the clinic has available? You have total hours where people are scheduled. Then you have of our scheduled the hours where people actually show up. Of the hours where people show up, how many do we have signed notes for? Then how many have we submitted claims for? Then how many have gotten paid? And then how many have gotten, like, are in some version of an appeal or denial cycle? Is that the right way to think about the funnel? Because that's my sense. Of like what the top of this should be like. You should know. Hey, here's my utilization on the far left side. Here's the speed at which we're writing notes. Here's our no show rate. Is this the right sequence, though?
JORGE VALCOURT: Oh, man. I mean, I haven't thought about this in terms of hours, Nate. Maybe. Maybe it can be done right now. What we have is the calendar. Amount of hours. It will depend on the amount of providers we have, on the hours that they are available to see patients. Right. So if we have six days and we have five patients and each therapist has on a schedule. Open or are they open to see patients for eight hours? Are you saying? So five by eight by six. It's how many hours you have in a week to see patients.
Nathan Peereboom: It's kind of how I think about it, but obviously there's some adjustment. People are on vacation. People are part time. I understand there's some adjustment.
JORGE VALCOURT: Yeah. I mean, we just have to as soon as we block a day, or if initially the therapist was going to be open or available to see. On a Monday. Eight pages. But now he cannot see a patient. He can only see four. That the amount of hours for that week goes down by four.
Nathan Peereboom: Right.
JORGE VALCOURT: Okay, then I have. Out of those hours. Then we scheduled. 20 patients. Those 20 patients. Were confirmed that maybe 18 confirmed the appointments. Out of those, 18, maybe 16 only showed up. Yes, exactly. Those 16. She'll show up as 16 notes. Then those 16 nodes should translate into 16 claims. That's what you're thinking about? That process.
Nathan Peereboom: That's exactly how I'm thinking about it. So I think about it tracking the funnel one on a time basis, which is what you just described.
Nathan Peereboom: And then the second way I think about it is tracking it like dollar basis, where I'm like, okay. Patient gets seen. For a 99214. We know what the fee schedule says that should be reimbursed at. We know then what the ERA says. So the ERA needs to cohere with what the contract says. And then there's also a bank account question, which is how much money actually hit your bank account? So there's also like a co. There's also a relationship.
JORGE VALCOURT: Money?
Nathan Peereboom: Yes. There's a time weighted basis, then there's a dollar weighted funnel and then there's a lag analysis in my mind, which is when things get paid, how fast do they get paid? And one things get denied or delayed. Why?
JORGE VALCOURT: Was it? Turn around. Okay, that's fine. I mean. For you to be able to have a relationship between the code and the amount, you have to already have that patient assigned to a specific insurance, right?
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, but we should have that. Right.
JORGE VALCOURT: But I mean, if the insurance. If you don't have that portion, right? You're done. So you have to have that. And you have to take into account co payments. Are you going to know beforehand how much that patient should pay? Is it that you're going to run eligibility? So you're going to just get the portion of the insurance pays and then the auto plugin amount?
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. You have to add them. Yeah, you have to. Add them right.
JORGE VALCOURT: Okay? It can be done. It's just data points you have and. To relate.
Nathan Peereboom: Exactly. I mean, anything can be done with data. Actually, you don't have to worry about the data. We'll worry about the data mechanics. The thing I'm most interested in, Jorge, is what's the dream for you. What are the questions you want to answer with this data? What's the stuff where you're like, hey, I don't think you guys can do this, but if you could, I would love to see it. I'd love to know it. Don't worry about any technical boundaries here. If there's a technical boundary, I'll tell you. Or we'll get to that. And I'll just be like, hey, we just didn't have this particular angle of it. But I want you to really, really dream. Don't feel like you have. To be constrained to what you think about in Collab md. You could say something this bonkers to me. You could say, hey, Nate, the thing I want. Is. I want a map that shows how I'm getting reimbursed versus in my region, what the hotspots of reimbursement are. Maybe I want to move an office five miles down the street, and that changes the reimbursement profile. I mean, you could ask again. I'm not. Saying that we can deliver that. But I want to know your deepest dream here. And then we can pair away what's possible, okay?
JORGE VALCOURT: So I think we can go back to the services we have provided and find out how much we are going to get from those services.
JORGE VALCOURT: So today's Wednesday, going back six months. How many claims are still pending payment? How much money should we expect out of those X amount of claims? What claims have not been put through yet. What productivity of each therapist. If a therapist is only producing X amount of dollars or is seeing X amount of patients, so we know if that therapist is worth investing money. So that's going back, right?
JORGE VALCOURT: I'm pretty sure that you have down just knowing how much money. It's out there. How many sessions didn't happen. Who was a therapist with the most no shows. I think. If there is a patient with a high balance. How long that balance been outstanding? That kind of stuff that's going back, going forward, if I can, if I see the following week. It's Saturday and I want to have a forecast of how next week is going to look in terms of amount of sessions and money.
JORGE VALCOURT: It will be great to know that too.
Nathan Peereboom: Oh, yeah. I didn't even think about this. But yeah, the back looking and the forward looking, like, to have both views would be really great.
JORGE VALCOURT: Okay, so if we can make changes. Right now we have Therapist x that has six patients with nine and 214 just to give you, but we can have five patients with a different code. And make more money. At least we have the option of playing with codes, playing with services, and see what combination works the best.
Nathan Peereboom: Totally.
JORGE VALCOURT: Is this helping Nate? Is this what you were trying to.
Nathan Peereboom: Super. Yes. It's incredibly helpful. Yep. I think that's great. Here's another question, Jorge. So I come from the finance sector. I have a particular way that I like to see data. How do you like to see data? Are you like a tables guy? Do you like charts? Do you like things that move? Like, how sensitive are you? Because our goal is not to deliver analytics to you. Our goal is to deliver understanding. To you. And so if that's not mediated with the right setup, then it's kind of worth it. Doesn't really matter that the truth is somewhere on the page. How do you like to consume data?
JORGE VALCOURT: Man. Right now, I use a lot of excel.
Nathan Peereboom: You're a tables guy?
JORGE VALCOURT: Yeah, I use a lot of Excel. Whatever data I get, I move it over to Excel and I crunch it. I do Min, max, average, medium. What's the repeated the most? That's what I like to see in my numbers. And with that I make offers. With that, I make decisions. That's what I use. Excel. Every now and then I can get a report from the bookkeeper. This is your month. And I see graphs here and there. But myself. I do not create graphs. I just go with Excel and then I do my formulas in, and that's how I. Analyze how things are going.
Nathan Peereboom: Gotcha. Okay. Okay, interesting. Do you dislike looking at graphs? Is that, like, a thing or is it an effort thing?
JORGE VALCOURT: Like, it's just. Yeah. I mean, right now, for me, it's much easier. I get much more information from Excel much quicker. That. I just put the formulas there. Run the formula and I can see 10,000 foot view. What's going on? And I can move fast with that data. Graphs are nice. I mean, don't get me wrong. I just. I was looking at grabs last night from the bookkeeper. Month to month. But, yeah, if she gives them to me. I will use it.
JORGE VALCOURT: But it's not something that I will create myself. To process data.
Nathan Peereboom: I understand. Okay, cool. That makes a lot of sense. Okay, great. I think I have enough. I mean, a lot to go chase. Is there anything else that you want me to keep in mind as I help the team build this?
JORGE VALCOURT: Yeah. Okay. Every two weeks. Nate, I asked Janet. I mean, Janet, she's not an Excel person. She doesn't like Excel at all. I asked Janet to get into collab. Download all the appointments that happen we can create so we can work on the payroll. Okay, bro. Okay, so we're talking maybe close to 1,000 visits that she needs to see. That happened. She needs to see how long each session. Took if it was 55. 54 PTC, 53 minutes. She needs to put all that in a spreadsheet. Okay? From there. She needs to. Classify each visit in individual session. Group session. She puts the code we. We build. If the note took 48 hours to complete, 72 hours to complete if the master treatment plan review is current. If it's due next week. If it was due last week and we didn't do it. So all that data she has to put together. For payroll, okay?
JORGE VALCOURT: So if you can incorporate those, and I can send you an email with those points, data points, if you need it. So you can have it fresh somewhere.
Nathan Peereboom: I mean, I'm recording this call, so as long as you said them, I've got it.
JORGE VALCOURT: Okay, so it will be master treatment plan date. How long it took to create to close the node. The type of session, if it's individual or group therapy. The billing code they use to build that claim. If it's medicare or Medicaid. Subsidized patient. Date of the appointment, Obviously. When. When it happened. So that's a report she uses. Every two weeks for us to. To do payroll.
Nathan Peereboom: Great. Okay, cool. Yeah, that makes sense. And then when you actually go to do payroll, what are you summing? Or like, what. What is the math that you're doing? Like, if we wanted to give you. Let me ask it this way. I give you a page that is. That requires no transformation for you to run payroll. What does that page look like?
JORGE VALCOURT: Okay, I need to see how many sessions. Were for unit session. So they took the. The complete four Unit. Four units. So that means that that's the maximum we can. We can do, right? If it is for unit session, then the therapist gets paid the most.
JORGE VALCOURT: If it is 3D units, the therapist gets paid less and so forth, right?
JORGE VALCOURT: So that's one thing I go through. I go through all the sessions. I find out if there is one that went below four units and I pay accordingly. Same with the treatment plans, reviews. If there is one that is past due, I am not going to pay for that session because that's a session that shouldn't have happened. Okay, so, I mean, right now, there is no calculation. I just go through the whole thing. I glance through it. I see where they're at. And we pay each therapist. It can be done with formulas. I'm sure that I can do 15 formulas at each spreadsheet and go through and analyze it, but it's much faster if I just looked at each therapist.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, okay. Interesting the units. Is that? What's the objective function that defines how many units someone gets, and are they proportional? So someone who's getting paid for four units, when you compare them to someone who's getting paid for two, is the person getting paid for two getting half as much as the person for four?
JORGE VALCOURT: It depends. It depends. I mean, it depends on the type of therapist, if it is a licensed. Therapist and the one. And the other one is an intern. They won't get paid the same. Maybe we can determine a percentage and make it the same across the board. If it's an intern, you get this much. If you were fully licensed, you get this much. But right now, it varies. Right now there's. No specific number. For an intern versus a licensed person.
Nathan Peereboom: Yes. Okay, that makes sense.
JORGE VALCOURT: Okay, so the duration. They need to write the duration in the node. Okay. If the session took 55 minutes, they need to add that to the node. That's how we do it right now, in advance. And that's the same number they need to transfer over to the spreadsheet. So when we do the payroll, we know how long the session took.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay? Interesting. Okay, so you guys don't have an objective field. Like, you don't have a column. In Collab MD where you're just looking. Oh. That's how long that session took. It's actually in the node. Okay? Okay.
JORGE VALCOURT: The code will correspond with amount of units. Right? I mean, so that kind of relates.
Nathan Peereboom: Wow. Is this system that you have for determining payroll, is it standard in behavioral health? Or is this something that you developed?
JORGE VALCOURT: I do not think so, Nate.
Nathan Peereboom: Wants you to adopt a new system.
JORGE VALCOURT: Do you have a better way of doing it? I totally hope for it.
Nathan Peereboom: No, I'm totally kidding. It does sound complicated, though. I mean, there's a lot of math that goes into your payroll decisions.
JORGE VALCOURT: Well, I think that if we get the data from the node, if there is a system that collects that data, puts it somewhere. At the end, it's just data.
Nathan Peereboom: So I think it can be done.
JORGE VALCOURT: It can be done. I mean, once we have the spreadsheet, There has to be a way that the system goes through. The whole column says, hey, I found. 20 sessions that were four units. The other five were three units. Okay, bum bum. And in a database somewhere, Jesus is getting paid. Just to give you a number. $35 for four units.
JORGE VALCOURT: $31 for three units. $20 for two units and $0 for one unit. If you have it already there for Jesus.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay? Gotcha. Okay, that makes sense. Remind me, do you do payroll in Collab md? What? Do you use to push out payroll?
JORGE VALCOURT: No, right now we use adp. After we download all the data from Collab from one of the reports.
JORGE VALCOURT: I move all that data, and at that point, it's only numbers. I mean, this guy, Jesus, made $1,000. So I put that in adp and that goes through. ADP doesn't see any session number or the amount of sessions doesn't go in IDP or amount of units just at the end just. An amount. A dollar amount.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, great. Yeah, that makes sense.
JORGE VALCOURT: And again, Nate, if you. If you have seen another method. I mean, maybe I'm being a dinosaur here. No.
Nathan Peereboom: I don't know anything about how. I mean, I can look into it if it's interesting, but. No. I don't know how folks get paid in this situation. My guess is that everyone has a system that's sort of similar, because what you're trying to do basically is approximate. In my understanding, you're trying to approximate a percent of the actual money that you'd receive back. Right. If you got paid instantly, you probably would just be like, hey, I take 30% of whatever the fee is because that incentivizes everyone to bill at the top of the license, make sure people come back that you're doing with this mechanic is essentially trying to figure out a way to develop a leading indicator for what you're predicting will be the reimbursement and then take your share of that. So I don't know. I mean, I assume that everyone has different methods of that, but it all is on that same kind of philosophical approach.
JORGE VALCOURT: And I'm pretty sure you're going to see more this approach, this way of doing payroll in smaller clinic like mine. If you see this in the bapt. If you go to the Baptist Hospital or to one of those Mount Sinai. I am sure that they don't do it this way. They just have a salary. And that's it. This person gets paid $2,000 no matter what. And then they track productivity in another way. Here. If you don't see patients, you don't get paid. And you will see it right away instead of three months down the road.
Nathan Peereboom: That makes a lot of sense to me. That seems like a pretty fair system, so. Yeah, that totally coheres.
JORGE VALCOURT: Did I answer your questions about reports, Nate?
Nathan Peereboom: I mean, they've got everything. Yeah, I think I've got a huge amount to go. Chase, why don't we do this? Let's set up a time. For us to look at the first version of this. A little bit after. You guys have started like we've got some real data in the system. So, do I understand it correctly that you're moving Cigna over on Monday?
JORGE VALCOURT: Yep. That is. That is the plan. I am waiting to hear back from. The International. Sorry. Yes, that's what I hear. I'm waiting to hear back from one of the psychiatry providers on Friday. Apparently, she's the only one who hasn't created her own SAG account. But that should happen Friday. I should know by midday Friday where we are on that. And if that happens, which will be green light.
JORGE VALCOURT: To move over to Cigna, back to Jotsyc. And I understand that the eras are still going to go to Jotsa grade. And to another platform, though it won't get into Jotsec itself.
Nathan Peereboom: Initially. That's right. Right.
JORGE VALCOURT: Okay.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. Okay.
JORGE VALCOURT: I am really looking forward to do that. I mean, I have. I have a few people that have approached me asking for more work. On the building department, and I am holding that off. Until I know how this is going to pan out, how this is going to work. Once we know how much work. We need. To do. Along with Jotsyc, then I will be able to.
JORGE VALCOURT: Have a better idea. Where do I need to put people?
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, perfect. All right, so how does April 3rd sound? That should give us one, two, three weeks of data to look at.
JORGE VALCOURT: So that's Friday.
Nathan Peereboom: Yep. Friday the 3rd.
JORGE VALCOURT: Okay. Just don't make it at 6. Don't make the meeting at 6pm.
Nathan Peereboom: No. Trust me, I don't want that either.
JORGE VALCOURT: How about 1pm 1pM well, we have a stuff meeting every Friday at noon. So it depends what's going on in the week. I might be running a little bit late, so if we can have it in the morning, before noon, it's safer.
Nathan Peereboom: Great. Let's do. Let's do 11, and I'm going to throw an hour on your calendar.
JORGE VALCOURT: Ok, that's fine.
Nathan Peereboom: All right.
JORGE VALCOURT: You'll be okay? If something happens, just like I did today, I'll let you know.
Nathan Peereboom: Great. Okay, cool. Perfect. All right, I think we're on. That sounds. That sounds perfect.
JORGE VALCOURT: Okay, Nate, again, we spoke a lot. I don't know how much of this information is going to be useful for you.
Nathan Peereboom: It's super useful. I mean, it's super useful.
Nathan Peereboom: Because our goal is just to, you know, as we said, deliver you, like, the full package. That lets you feel like, hey, you know what? I don't have to think about this. I can just focus on hiring more clinicians. Patient acquisition. Like, I want to get you to a place where, like, you send us a Christmas. Card every year. We send you a check every few days, and you just keep building your empire, you know, like, you just keep getting more buildings and more clinicians, and you get to fully focus on the brand and the client experience. And we get to take, you know, all of the headache of the documentation, the billing, the scheduling. All of that I want off your plate. Because the way that this works for our business is that we empower you to grow a lot, and that's good for us, too. You know, like, we get paid when you grow. And. And so that's our entire incentive here. Our entire incentive is like, let's. Get to a spot where Jorge is, like, kind of forgetting about us, you know, kind of like we're just not really on your radar that much. And so we have to go through these steps so that you feel like, you know, when it's Saturday night at 11:30 and you're feeling some stress about, the business. You can go to job site, pull up the report, click through, flip through it really fast, feel good about the integrity of the data, feel like normative about, like what it's telling you to do, and also feel like, you know, if there's a question, you know exactly what it is and you can get in touch, obviously, but that's what we're getting. That's what our goal is. Our goal is like. You kind of forget about us. But this analytics tool allows you to, like, quell your, like, worries that I'm sure you have all the time as a business owner, because I have them. And. And that's what this is all about, okay?
JORGE VALCOURT: Okay, nate, 11 last thing, and I. And we finish. Yeah, currently collab. It is pretty good with reports. I mean, you see a little data. But sometimes that data is not accurate. Okay, one thing. The payment. The payment number. You know that there is ach number that goes with each payment that goes into the bank account. Times that number doesn't show in collab. In the reports, sometimes that number doesn't come up.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay?
JORGE VALCOURT: Okay, so you can have 10,000 numbers at 10,000 visits. And 500 will show that space blank. But when you go into the claim itself, There is a payment. And there is a number that goes. That goes with it. It's just the system doesn't pull that number.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay?
JORGE VALCOURT: So at the end, it becomes unreliable. It becomes more labor intensive because you have to go into each of those claims and make sure that you got paid. So I just want you to mention that so it doesn't happen with. With jot site. Okay.
Nathan Peereboom: Sorry. You want to be able to tie what's hitting your bank account with what's in the like, in this data.
JORGE VALCOURT: Yes. Okay. I got $10 here. Okay. This is the payment. That payment number which relates to this claim.
Nathan Peereboom: That's what we all want. Yep, that makes sense. Okay? Great.
JORGE VALCOURT: Okay. Man. So, Nate, thank you again. When do you get a chance send me that invite. I will respond to it.
Nathan Peereboom: Wait, let me. Let me send it right now.
JORGE VALCOURT: And how are you guys? How is the facts feature coming along? Is that in the back, back, back, back, back burner or that's.
Nathan Peereboom: Jorge. It really is. A lot of it boils down to how important it is to you. No, no.
JORGE VALCOURT: Hey, this is more important right now. It just. That's another thing that we will like again. That's. That's not a priority. Nate. We can live with Vincent for now. It's just.
Nathan Peereboom: I think that the Facts is probably going to be a spring feature, not a late winning feature.
JORGE VALCOURT: It's fine, it's fine.
Nathan Peereboom: No rush. Okay, so. Analytics. Dashboard reveal. All right, jorge. Here we go. Sending this to you and to everyone else.
Nathan Peereboom: Or actually, you and Jackson.
JORGE VALCOURT: Made when we go live in Valcourt, I will let you do the same at peak.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay? Is that on Monday?
JORGE VALCOURT: No, no, no, no, no, no. Right now, it's only Valcord. We are ready. I'm going to do the same, because, I mean, I. I share resources. For both companies. So once it goes for a web company, I have to do the same for the other one.
Nathan Peereboom: Great. Okay. Yeah, whenever you. Yeah, whenever you're ready to do the full turn the switch, we're ready for that, too.
JORGE VALCOURT: Okay, Sounds good, man. Okay, Nate. Well, thank you again. Nice seeing you. Stay well.
Nathan Peereboom: Great seeing you. Take care, Jorge.
JORGE VALCOURT: Thank you. You too.
Nathan Peereboom: Take care now.
JORGE VALCOURT: Bye. Bye.