Christopher Hume: Hey, Deborah, how are you? Hey. Not sure if you can hear me. All right, good job, Emily. How great are the. Deborah, it looks like you might be on mute right now.
Deborah Volat: Sorry about that. I don't use Google that much.
Christopher Hume: No worries. Certainly.
Deborah Volat: Can you hear me now?
Christopher Hume: Yep, coming through loud and clear. And I can see you. Wonderful.
Deborah Volat: How was your weekend? My weekend was great. And I'm just trying to find our notes from math today. There's a lot of background noise. It's a little hard to hear.
Christopher Hume: You got it. Let me. Let me just turn off my. My camera for a second. I'll adjust that. One sec. Thanks for. Let me know.
Deborah Volat: Sure. Hi. Okay, so I have to go quickly at the.
Christopher Hume: Start. Deborah, lost. Can you hear me? Okay, I can't hear you. Heard you for a second and then you. Testing, test, test, test, test. Hey, Deborah, can you hear me?
Deborah Volat: How's that?
Christopher Hume: Wonderful. Oh, I think so.
Deborah Volat: Can you hear me?
Christopher Hume: Yes. Yes, I can.
Deborah Volat: Okay. It goes. It, like, connects to my phone and then.
Christopher Hume: So frustrating. The same happens.
Christopher Hume: Are you on a Mac and then you have an iPhone?
Deborah Volat: Yeah.
Christopher Hume: Yeah. Happens to me. It's so frustrating.
Deborah Volat: Okay, so what. Where you got you lead.
Deborah Volat: Yes, I need to know.
Christopher Hume: So I think probably the. The best way to do this is to have you sign up for a free trial and I can walk you through, kind of set up yourself. It just helps to make sure if there's any weird quirks or anything like that, we can sort them out while we're on the line.
Deborah Volat: Okay. I do have the free trial. Let me. Let me go to dot psych. Login. Okay. And enter picture and picture automatically. All right. And then am I supposed to be able to share my screen somewhere?
Christopher Hume: Yeah.
Deborah Volat: So it's.
Christopher Hume: Yeah. Oh, you found it. Perfect. Wonderful. So this is the Jaws like home screen. And what I typically do, Deborah, is walk through how to record with Jot Psych. I think we actually already reviewed this last week, but we'll do it on your computer, make sure microphones work and all that. We'll record, we'll review how to edit your notes, and then we'll walk through how to adjust your templates. Is there anything else, kind of any major features or anything like that you think we should review today?
Deborah Volat: Well, my guess is I will need to play with it for a little bit and then check back in with you with questions. And then did you. If you sent me the verbiage for the release, I did not see it. Doesn't mean you didn't send it, so I just want. Did you send that?
Christopher Hume: I sent it to. It was this morning though, so it was d.
Deborah Volat: That's fine. I'm sure it's there. I just didn't see it yet. Okay. And then you were gonna reset my.
Christopher Hume: So let me give you the full. There you go. So you'll have a full two weeks to try us out now.
Deborah Volat: Thank you.
Christopher Hume: So if you refresh your page, you should see that. Yep.
Deborah Volat: Great.
Christopher Hume: So to record Deborah, I mean, press the.
Deborah Volat: Oops.
Christopher Hume: Nope. All good. You can skip this because you've got me better than I. So on the left hand side, you'll see where you select your patient. Click there and then click inside the box.
Deborah Volat: Alfred Appleseed.
Christopher Hume: Yeah, we can go with. With him. He's a obviously imaginary patient. And then you choose your session type. So you click on that and you can always. This is the format or the template that your note will use, but you can change this after the fact. So we can just assume it's a psych intake. But do you want to just click so you can see how you can select a different template? Yeah.
Deborah Volat: Okay. And do I have to get a release? Is that legal requirements?
Christopher Hume: I. It varies from state to state. Yeah. So I don't know the exact requirements.
Deborah Volat: I'll check. Okay.
Christopher Hume: And then you can just record by pressing the button on the right hand side to start recording. And you should see a pop up that asks you for permission to use your microphone. Hey, Deborah, thanks for seeing me today. I really appreciate it.
Deborah Volat: It's. I'm glad to have you here. Alfred Appleseed. What brings you?
Christopher Hume: I've been struggling with a little bit of anxiety. Typically my anxiety is about a 4 out of 10, but over the last few weeks it's been a 9 out of 10. And it seems like my Lexapro isn't working as well as it used to.
Deborah Volat: Okay, and when you say anxiety, what are you experiencing?
Christopher Hume: I mean, I just feel anxious all the time, kind of fixating on little things. I'm having some trouble sleeping. I've gone from sleeping eight hours a night to only four hours a night. I'll just wake up and then not be able to fall back asleep. And also my appetite's down, so I'm eating a lot less.
Deborah Volat: Okay, and is there anything in your life that's changed in the last couple of weeks?
Christopher Hume: Well, I recently moved to Norfolk, Virginia, and my childhood dog died. It's kind of. Yeah, crazy. Crazy last January for me.
Deborah Volat: Okay, and what are you hoping for from me? How can I help you?
Christopher Hume: Well, I would love to figure out what's going on with kind of my medication and why that isn't working anymore. And then I guess coping skills to maybe handle this as well would be super helpful. And then that. That should be enough info if you push the stop button. And then what I just want to flag, Deborah is that you can always type additional information down in the additional notes section. So you say like, hey, patient was disheveled and unshaven.
Deborah Volat: Okay.
Christopher Hume: And you can record like another. If you want to say something after your patient has left, you can go back up, start recording again, and then just add your clinical observations and jobs. Like all of that, you would actually just press the record button again.
Deborah Volat: Okay. Oh, so I, I. What happened to what we recorded? Where do I.
Christopher Hume: That's down below. So if you scroll beneath additional notes.
Deborah Volat: Yeah, that's this right here. Okay. So I can say patient was 20 minutes late to the appointment and crying when he arrived.
Christopher Hume: Yep. And now you can generate a note.
Deborah Volat: Okay. And then obviously, this is HIPAA compliant.
Christopher Hume: Oh, yeah, of course, of course.
Deborah Volat: And then so will it.
Christopher Hume: Because I.
Deborah Volat: On headway, I have the option to upload a document. So I can create a template that meets their criteria.
Christopher Hume: Yep.
Deborah Volat: And then just upload it.
Christopher Hume: So I'm not sure. Can you copy and paste into Headway?
Deborah Volat: I can upload documents, I can copy and paste. Yeah. But it would be time consuming because they have, like, separate boxes for each.
Christopher Hume: So how we're set up right now is to copy. So either you can copy and paste, or you can just copy us into a Word document or a. What is it called on a Mac? Into notes and.
Deborah Volat: Or I have a HIPAA compliant Google account.
Christopher Hume: Okay. Yep. So you can copy and paste in there and then turn that into a PDF and upload it.
Deborah Volat: Amazing. Oh, my gosh, I'm so excited. Okay. And, and then so I can.
Deborah Volat: I mean, they all have chief complaint. They. But the headway is a little bit different.
Christopher Hume: Just a couple things to show you, Deborah. On the right hand side, you'll see our AI note assistant. If you type something into that box at the bottom, you can ask JETSEC to make changes. You can say anything. Hey, make the whole note shorter.
Deborah Volat: Oh, okay. Yeah.
Christopher Hume: Make this section. Yeah. So you could say that. Make the whole note shorter.
Deborah Volat: Make the whole note. I'll say 15% shorter. Because I don't want. And I still need it to.
Christopher Hume: And then while kind of that is cooking. So you can copy using that copy all sections button. And then you can. Yeah, exactly. So that's how you copy all your sections. And then I think it's making it shorter right now. So that's why you see those check marks on the left hand side? So you can accept or reject those changes.
Deborah Volat: And I can type right into here.
Christopher Hume: Yep.
Deborah Volat: Okay. Okay. Like denise unpleasant. Got it. Okay.
Christopher Hume: And on the, the right hand side, you'll see it just finished up all those edits. And if this, if the note looks good and this is something you would want all future psychiatric intake notes to look like, you say yes. Yes. Train. Okay, so not yet a little early. Okay, wonderful. So that's how you record a note. How you.
Deborah Volat: So, but where's the. The compressed.
Christopher Hume: So I think it already did compress. So if we scroll down, the note should be a little shorter throughout. Okay. And that's why you see the purple bar on the left that's kind of showing you that it, that it made edits there. And then if you push the undo. Let's see. Sorry, if you go to a little more bar here. Yep, yep. So that shows you it made changes and you can accept them or undo them.
Deborah Volat: So prior to the change there was no purple bar.
Christopher Hume: Yep. Correct.
Deborah Volat: Okay. And. And then where do I confirm, James?
Christopher Hume: You. Just the little check box next to the.
Deborah Volat: So I, I go through each section.
Christopher Hume: You can, if you, if you don't do anything, it'll just automatically accept.
Deborah Volat: Okay. And do I need to. I don't need to sign it because I'm signing it in.
Christopher Hume: Yep.
Deborah Volat: Okay.
Christopher Hume: Yeah. Some of our customers use this as a system of record or they have a group, so the supervisor needs them to sign so they can see when notes are completed. But if you're using this just for you and you have a different system of record, you certainly don't have to sign.
Deborah Volat: Okay, and how do I get my supervisor access Download notes and then. It would be easier if they could just sign in here.
Christopher Hume: Yep. So if you would like your supervisor to have access to review your notes, go up to your practice in the top middle and go, this is, this is putting me to the test right here. Your subscription, I think.
Deborah Volat: Okay, no problem. And if you want to email me and get back to me, that's fine.
Christopher Hume: No, we can do this live for sure.
Deborah Volat: Do you have any magical discounts?
Christopher Hume: Do you have any. I'm sorry, which discounts?
Deborah Volat: Magical discounts.
Christopher Hume: I don't have any magical discounts.
Deborah Volat: If you give us for a year, I get.
Christopher Hume: Yep. So if you, if you pay up front for the year, we drop it down to 130amonth.
Christopher Hume: And then if you're part of. Part of a group of seven or more, we offer a discount as well. 135amonth. Oh, I should have known. So if you go to your practice again and press your plan, that's how you can. So you can press that invite user button. And you would invite them as a.
Deborah Volat: Okay, so as an admin. Okay, let me just. I might not remember that. So I went to.
Christopher Hume: No, no, that's okay.
Deborah Volat: Your practice, then practice plan. Oh, your plan. And then invite user.
Christopher Hume: Yep. You can invite them as an admin. So admins can't record notes, but they can review your notes. And the seats are free.
Deborah Volat: Can only review and is free. Okay. And then do you have tutorials so that I can hear this? Because I usually need to.
Christopher Hume: So if you push learning videos.
Deborah Volat: Great.
Christopher Hume: And that's going to take you to a whole repository of videos of how to use the software.
Deborah Volat: Amazing. This is like life changing.
Christopher Hume: It's.
Christopher Hume: Yeah, I think I said this last week. It's like unbelievable. I. I'm not this type of engineer. So like how do you guys do this? It's so cool.
Deborah Volat: I mean, this is going to save me hours of work.
Christopher Hume: Yeah. It's unbelievable how much admin work clinicians are expected to provide to begin with. So we're happy to help. Yeah.
Deborah Volat: And it ends up being not very much per hour. When you're taking.
Christopher Hume: Yeah.
Deborah Volat: Okay, so is there more? Should I go back?
Christopher Hume: Two more things I'd love to show you are how to create a custom template. So if you go to documentation and then go to Note Templates.
Deborah Volat: Notes templates, help me out.
Christopher Hume: Documentation top. Yep. And then note templates.
Christopher Hume: Okay, so these are your standard templates that jetstack set you up with. But if you want to make any changes, I can show you how to do that. So let's click on Psychiatric Progress Note.
Deborah Volat: Custom changes. Progress Note, you said?
Christopher Hume: Yeah, Just as an example. So you can rearrange sections using those. Like you see the six circles? Yeah. If you click and drag.
Deborah Volat: Okay.
Christopher Hume: You can add sections.
Deborah Volat: Okay.
Christopher Hume: And we've like, I think 107. Let's see. I'm right here. Pre built sections. Oh, 107. There we go. That you can choose from. And if you'd like anything custom, you can X out of this and then push the three sparkles in the top. Right. And then you can just chat with Jot Psych. Say, hey, add this section, make my chief complaint shorter, make my HPI more robust. And you can just go back and forth and make any specific tweaks you'd like. Again, just using that chat bot on the right hand side down here. Oh, wow.
Deborah Volat: Okay, great. Amazing. Magnificent. Sparkly.
Christopher Hume: Sparkly. Go to the sparkles up at top. Right. And then I think the. Any questions about any of this? Because this is the core function for functionality, Deborah. So any questions here? I think this is hopefully enough to get you up and running to try Jot Psych.
Deborah Volat: Yeah.
Christopher Hume: And then so. And then I can show you a couple advanced features, but I just want to check. Anything else there?
Deborah Volat: No. And I don't. I don't need to go too into advanced yet. I feel like. Okay. For my brain. I.
Deborah Volat: I'd rather get comfortable, but we can talk about it. I'm just gonna tell my own self that I'm not trying to pile it yet.
Christopher Hume: Perfect. Then we'll keep it super high level. I'll just show you if you go to your. The note we generated.
Deborah Volat: Okay.
Christopher Hume: So. Yep. Documentation notes. Alfred Appleseed. The top. One.
Deborah Volat: And then to add a patient.
Christopher Hume: Yep. You can do it here or you can actually do it from the recording screen.
Deborah Volat: Okay. And this is the recording screen.
Christopher Hume: Yep. So if you push record, I'll just show you how to do it. Now Deborah, if you push that plus button.
Deborah Volat: Uhhuh.
Christopher Hume: There you go.
Deborah Volat: Date of birth, pronouns. Okay.
Christopher Hume: And. And all you need is first name, last name or even first initial, last initial.
Deborah Volat: Okay. And. And for HIPAA compliance, like if we're going to do another tutorial or I ask questions and I share my screen, am I going to get in trouble if you see their name or do you have.
Christopher Hume: I can send you a baa if that. If you'd. If you'd like. So we have baas. So business.
Deborah Volat: I'm sorry, business associate.
Christopher Hume: It's actually a great question, but it essentially it allows us to share that information back and forth. So I'll send you a baa. Baa. Hipaa. What does it actually stand for? Business associate Contract. And so it's just a contract that allows us to see HIPAA information in case that's something that happens when you're sharing your screen or whatever. So I'll add that to my to dos.
Deborah Volat: Okay. All right, I'm ready. So I type all that in and then you were saying go back to documentation notes.
Christopher Hume: And so the one thing I just wanted to show you is if you X out of.
Deborah Volat: It's this down here, the note audit button. Yes. There's two issues found.
Christopher Hume: So if you push audit on the right hand side, top right. So this is one of the advanced features JOT Psych will flag, will automatically audit your notes for you. It'll identify kind of failures to meet certain payer rules or like APA standards. And it will kind of flag those be like, hey, do you want to make these adjustments to your note? Or next time remember to include this in your note. This is a very an advanced add on feature. So I believe the first 40 audits are free and it's an additional fee. But if you want to kind of play around with it, you'll certainly have enough for the first couple weeks to see how it works. And when we check in, we can turn that on if that's something you're interested in.
Deborah Volat: How much is it?
Christopher Hume: I believe it's 69.99 or $69 a month.
Deborah Volat: Okay. And you said failure to meet like in strange. Insurance rules and apa. What?
Christopher Hume: Apa Best Practices, I believe so we, we have a bunch of like pre built rules. But then for people who sign up, we can also add custom rules. So you say, hey, I have this contract with cigna.
Christopher Hume: I credentialed with cigna. I got this contract with them. Can you make sure that I meet all of these requirements in my notes and we can load those in. That's an advanced feature. Happy to walk you through it kind of next week or whenever you have your feet under you.
Christopher Hume: I don't want to kind of overwhelm you with every feature we have to offer. The. The last fun one I just want to show you, Deborah, is you see in the bottom middle of your screen you have that like floating bar, bottom middle.
Deborah Volat: Yep.
Christopher Hume: So you can create a lab request form. You can create a document so if you need to do like a workplace accommodation or. Or something like that, and you can send it directly from the note. And so I know some people spend a lot of time on those additional documents and jotcyc can give you a running start on those as well.
Deborah Volat: So I just wanted you connect to labs.
Christopher Hume: So what this does is it creates a lab form that will then be sent to. You can send to your patient or print out that they can bring to Quest or LabCorp wherever. We're not yet directly integrated with those organizations.
Deborah Volat: I need that today. Okay.
Christopher Hume: Well, you can try us out.
Deborah Volat: Okay. Provider information. I don't have a fax number. Actually, I might through. I use iplum.
Christopher Hume: Okay.
Deborah Volat: It might be a fax also. Okay. Do I need a fax number?
Christopher Hume: I believe so, yes.
Deborah Volat: Okay, I'll look into that. Okay. All right. Anything else?
Christopher Hume: I know. No, I know we moved at a million miles a minute here, so we have. Are there any questions? Would a check in maybe next week be helpful, Deborah, just to see how things are going?
Deborah Volat: Yes.
Christopher Hume: Okay. Would maybe just the Same time or 2pm Eastern, 11am Pacific, next Monday work for you?
Deborah Volat: Let me check. So.
Christopher Hume: Oh, actually next Monday is President's Day. I'll be out of office next Tuesday. Next Tuesday. I could certainly meet at this time.
Deborah Volat: That works. Sure.
Christopher Hume: It. At gmail com?
Deborah Volat: Yes. And 30 minutes.
Christopher Hume: 30 minutes, yep.
Deborah Volat: Okay. Will you send me the. Link the video link now rather than right before.
Christopher Hume: Oh, yeah, you. It should be. Let me see. It should be included on the meeting invite I just sent you.
Deborah Volat: Okay, perfect.
Christopher Hume: But if you have any issues, just let me know and I can send it again ahead of time.
Deborah Volat: Okay, sounds good. Thank you so much.
Christopher Hume: Awesome. No, you're so welcome, Deborah.
Deborah Volat: Have a great week.
Christopher Hume: Thank you.
Deborah Volat: Thanks.