Firefly Collaborative Mental Health: Hey. Hi. This is me. I'm good. How are you?
Nathan Peereboom: Good, good. It's so nice to meet you. Where are, where is Firefly located?
Firefly Collaborative Mental Health: In Virginia. In Richmond. Virginia.
Nathan Peereboom: No way. Okay. That's so cool. We're a DC based company, so it's, it's fun to meet people who are, who are in the, in this part of the country, you know, Atlantic. Well, thank you so much for scheduling this time. My name is Nate. I'm the CEO and co founder of Job Psych. And, and first of all, I just want to say thanks for being part of the job site family. I know that reached out to you because we're launching this new billing program. And as part of that, we just wanted to one like, you know, understand what you're looking for and to show you what we've got. And if those two things match up, amazing. And if not, no worries. We're happy you're here in any shape or form. So let me start out by asking, like, can you just give me a little background? Like, I know you're in Virginia, but like, tell me about your patients, tell me about what you do, tell me about what's, you know, how you do billing now, how long you've been with Johnson, all that good stuff.
Firefly Collaborative Mental Health: Yeah, yeah. So, okay, so I'm based in Richmond, so my practice is very small. It's only me. It's a solo person provider. I don't do any admin, and that's the way I like to keep it. Very, very small. But I love it. My case, it's like maybe 170 patients, maybe a little less, but it's not. So just for one person that's know, that's not huge. It's. It's about right. So anyway, so I'm fairly small and I'm just now exploring different AI scribes really like jot psych. And so right now I use headway for billing. And so this is one of the reasons I reach or I, you know, looked into this because I'm sort of at a point where I'm both moving away from headway for insurance and billing because it's been helpful to get started up with them very quick and easy. But I'm, you know, I want to move, move away from that platform. So I've been looking into other options, like for billing, like just hiring a biller, etc, and so right when I'm like looking into that and then I'm also, you know, looking into jot psych. I'm seeing like, oh, this could potentially be a very fortuitous time if you know what you do and, like, if you do anything. And that's just why I'm interested in learning, because, like, well, this could be really cool if you do any kind of, like, billing and dealing with insurance and financing and all of that. So that's kind of where I'm at.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, very cool. What's. What's important to you in a billing solution? It sounds like you've got kind. Like you kind of know it's out there a little bit. Yeah. What's important to you?
Firefly Collaborative Mental Health: You mean in terms of, like, billing clients and insurance and all that?
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. You know, some people say, for example, hey, I want to have something like a financial advisor, you know, who's like, helping me think through the way that I, you know, that I approach my mix of patients and my marketing, all that stuff. Some people say I want someone who helps move credentialing. Some people say, hey, I really want a lot of dashboarding. I want to be able to see everything. What's. What's the thing? Or maybe there's several. That when you're looking at billing, you know, services or, or software, you're kind of like sifting through them with.
Firefly Collaborative Mental Health: Oh yeah. I mean, honestly, my priority is to be hands off. That's kind of like my biggest thing. And that's one of the reasons that I have liked headway because I do like sort of them being the intermediary because I really focus on my patients. Like I said, I'm a one person operation. So I don't really have the bandwidth or the interest to get my hands in any of that basically. So I guess what I'd be looking for is really like a delegation, like a total outsourcing where, you know, a patient says, hey, I got this bill, or this is my copay, this or that. Like I'm, I want to be just sort of like, you know, I need. Okay, I'm sorry, I'll convey that to this group and they'll work on it with you. Essentially. I don't, yeah, I don't want to do. So that's kind of like automation. I love AI. I'm like automated if it can be whatever. I don't want to get my hands dirty, so to speak.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, well, let me walk you through what we've got. I think you're going to be pretty excited about it, given that preference. Okay, so as you know, Jot Psych is an AI scribe, but we do a lot of other things. You know, we've got laborers, you've got document generation, we've got calendars. You can use E prescription with us starting next week. Part of what we believe though is that document documentation is there in large part for billing.
Nathan Peereboom: And so what we've done is we've united the billing world and the documentation world. And so what Jotbill is, is it's a hybrid AI and human billing engine that writes the perfect note, audits those notes, writes claims, sends claims, appeals, denials, deals with patient payments, the whole kit and caboodle. You know, I think you know, this like, you know, we're very widely used in the industry. We, you know, we've had around 2.1 million encounters in behavioral health described on job site. So we kind of, you know, we've got one of the best foundations for the search tool. From a clinician's experience, it's as if they never bill. You know, you start out, we'll just tell you what the eligibility status is for a patient. You can decide whether patient or not based on your own risk preferences around eligibility. We then, you know, write a note that is infused with the rules that come from your specific payers. And then you sign the note and you're done. Once you sign the note, our team takes over. We do all the billing, we build a patient, we build the insurance company. Now we give you insight into what's happening through this dashboard, as well as a monthly meeting where we sit down and we're like, you know, Margaret, this is like. This is the number of claims that we submitted. This is what we're submitting them for. This is what we're getting back. Here's what we're worried about. Here's where you need to think about things. So we function, if you'd like, as a sort of, like, advisor, as you're practicing in your practice, you never are really dealing with anything. Thing billing wise, you're just kind of told, hey, here's, you know, here's kind of the dollars and cents. Now you can dig into any of it because it's all going to sit in job site. So if you want to look claim by claim, you can click in and see where everything is and pending and not pending and paid and you know, all that. But you don't have to all the actual, you know, once you sign a note, you're done with it. So there are a few things that make us different from other billing companies. So the first is we do really, really what we call hyper vigilant eligibility checks. We use an API, but we also use human calling and some AI calling when it comes to writing the note. I think I mentioned that we're not just scribing what happens in the encounter, we're checking that against all these rules that are used to audit and ultimately deny reimbursement. We then will generate, we've got an internal tool for generating like a clean claim. So we check everything. So you're, you know, nesting the incorrect ICD10 code under the CPT code and you know, getting rejected out of the technicality and then we do auto appealing and of course, as I mentioned, patients patient building. So, you know, so that's the whole thing in terms of what you're looking for is you're probably looking for the max plan where we're like, you know, we're looking for underpayment, we're doing patient collections. You've got a dedicated billing manager and for that we charge around 8% of collections. But only collections that we, you know, obviously, obviously every year. And so this is considered standard industry billing. We, we decide not to do anything special with price. We're like, this is what the industry charges. We're just going to go with that and then provide something that's like 3x better. So in terms of getting started, it's really easy for you. The first thing you know, remind me, are you, are you billing anyone right now, outside of headway?
Firefly Collaborative Mental Health: No, no. I mean I use, I use the grow platform for like two patients and I hate. So no, just really. So I'm only credentialed under them technically. So I would have still have to get myself credentialed under myself before doing any of this.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. So in that case, you know, there's probably, I don't know exactly where you're at in the credentialing process, but typically what we do is we start out by doing an analysis of your contracts. So we'll look at the contracts you have once you've been credentialed, and we'll, you know, there are often some really interesting little nuggets in there. So I'll give you an example. Like the other day we did, we did a analysis for someone in like, New Jersey, and it turned out that they had a contract where they were paid 80% of Medicare and Medicare rates for any given CPT code, except if they were doing medication assisted treatment for addiction. So, Suboxone, et cetera, and for that they were paid 30% above it. So the swing was massive. You know, and they just didn't know it was in their contract. But it's really helpful if you're thinking about the kinds of patients you prioritize or see, you know, if that's the thing that you're optimizing for. And we understand clinicians and clinic owners have a variety of things they optimize for, only one of which is dollars and cents. But, you know, our job is like, we just want you to have the information, and you can choose what to do based on that, but you should at least know what's in your contract. And the contracts are designed to be incredibly hard to read. So, you know, we like to help with that early on. So it helps us know where to focus our efforts once we're working for you. And then what we do is we upload all those documents into what we call JOT audit, which is that tool that actually looks through every note and makes sure that everything that's needed is there. So I won't go through this whole thing. I think you're a little bit away from, you know, from. From probably like a real kickoff. But let me just ask, like, how is this sitting for you? Does this make sense? Is it checking some of the boxes that you were looking to be checked?
Firefly Collaborative Mental Health: Yes. No, I think it's. I mean, honestly, I'm very interested in it. And to be honest, I do have to. I have to go in a few minutes, so I can't stay for the full time. But. But. But I do want to say I like it a lot. Um, I think I'm definitely that. And that's. Like I said, that's sort of why I was like, this could be very fortuitous because I think this is pretty much exactly what I'm looking for. Yeah. And so I guess. Yeah, my only. So my only thought is because right now I'm not like, self credentialed, so I would. So you don't have any involvement in that? I would still have to, you know, hire a credential, or I'm not gonna do it myself, but to get somebody, you don't involve, you know, the credentialing at all.
Nathan Peereboom: You know, we. I tell you what, Margaret, if you wanted us to help with credentialing, we could have our billing team help with that. So if you wanted to. If you wanted us to look into that, I could set up another meeting with it, because I know you have to go. But how about we set up a time to do that and see if we can at least get the ball rolling? For you.
Firefly Collaborative Mental Health: Yeah, yeah, I would love that. I would love that. Because, yeah, I mean, like I said, I really sort of trying out different AI scribe platforms. I think this is the one I'm going to go with because it definitely seems all inclusive. And that's where I'm like, this is more than just a scribe, you know, this is like a whole platform. And I. And I love it. I mean, I love the kind of, you know, I mean, still human, of course, not like exclusively, but I love this sort of incorporating that and it sounds just really solid.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah.
Firefly Collaborative Mental Health: And, you know, and like I said, I think I really just want to be hands off. I don't want to be contacting, like, Anthem or Edna. Like, I don't want to be engaging with them. I don't want to be chasing after the patient for their copay.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah.
Firefly Collaborative Mental Health: So, yeah, so I'd love to hear more about credentialing and. Yeah, and I'd love to set up another meeting and I'm sorry, with the ice, I got to grab my daughter and blah, blah, blah, everything takes longer than you think.
Nathan Peereboom: Totally fine.
Firefly Collaborative Mental Health: I wasn't expecting her to be in school, but she is, so I got to grab her. But yeah, I'd love to set up another time and just learn more. And if you have anything also that you could email me this presentation or anything else just so I could look into it. But yeah, no, I do want to proceed and learn more for sure.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, beautiful. Let me. I'm just gonna like, look at my calendar for credentialing. How do you feel about a 9:30am kickoff on the 9th?
Firefly Collaborative Mental Health: Let me see, 9:30 Monday the 9th. 9, 9:30 on the 9th. I have a 9:30, but I could do a 9 if 9 works.
Nathan Peereboom: Perfect.
Firefly Collaborative Mental Health: Sounds good. Okay. All right.
Nathan Peereboom: And what insurance companies would you like to be credentialed with? How many are you starting?
Firefly Collaborative Mental Health: I would like all of the ones I have now, just for continuity. Not even necessarily anymore, but so that's all of the major ones. It's Anthem and not Medicaid or Medicare or Tricare, but Anthem, Aetna, Cigna, United, Oscar, Optum. Yeah, all the major ones.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay. Okay, so what I'm going to do is I'm going to send you an email. There's going to be a little prep that we need from you just in terms of getting some like, you know, IDs together and things like that. And what we'll do on the 9th is I'll, I have to, again, I have to talk with our billing team, but there's going to be obviously like a cost to us, like spitting up a team to go do this. And I want to like, at that call, I'll walk through like, hey, this is what the process would be. This would be the cost and if it works for you, great. And if not, no pressure.
Firefly Collaborative Mental Health: Sure, yeah. Well, that sounds great.
Nathan Peereboom: Beautiful. All right, Margaret, great to meet you. I'm very excited and, you know, thanks for, thanks for being jazzed about our vision because, yeah, you totally see it and we're really excited too.
Firefly Collaborative Mental Health: Yeah, no, for sure. Like I said, this seems like great timing and I'm, I'm excited. You know, it's the, I was trying to say the future of, you know, I mean, who knows? But I love, you know, the new platforms like this and the startups or whatever. So I'm really excited. This is kind of what I'm looking for.
Nathan Peereboom: One other question, E Prescription. Is that something that would be helpful to you or is that something where you can't do it until you're done with headway and grow?
Firefly Collaborative Mental Health: It has nothing to do with headway or grow because I don't use them for my emr. I use. Why is Practice Q. I actually just switched. I was using Valentine Hate them. They're awful. Pivoted from Valent to Practice Q. I like practiceq and actually so a lot of changes. So this was only about a month ago, maybe two months, that I fully made the switch to practice. Q. I really do love it. So I use, I use everything through them. And so, you know, I mean, and if you were to, like, do a whole emr, including everything, then I was like, well, if I could really do all in one place, that would definitely be enticing. But I will say it's a huge hassle down, you know, to pivot EMRs. Like a major hassle. Um, so E prescribe no, because that's included in practice. Q. So. So not right now. But. But I mean, like I said, I love the idea if you really could be, like an all inclusive all in one, that would be very exciting. It would just, it's just a massive. Headache to transfer all the patient data. As I'm sure you can imagine,
Nathan Peereboom: we do that for free for people who try our prescription because we actually like, it seems, I think really hard for EHR is trying to make it seem really hard. If you're not like, you know, a software engineer, it can also seem really challenging. But we were able to do it, you know, as a complimentary service for people who engage with one of our like higher end offerings like E Prescription or Billing. So what I would just say is if you wanted to try either of those, we'd be happy to do a transformation or like, you know, that integrate the carryover and then if you decide, hey, I actually just don't want to do the seed prescription thing, that's totally okay. But it's, it is something new that we're rolling out and it actually doesn't have a cost associated with it for us.
Firefly Collaborative Mental Health: Okay. Yeah. I mean, so with the E. So I guess with the E prescribed then so would that be like basically like wraparound, like kind of standalone? I mean, obviously with that, I mean, I guess are you thinking like this is like a full emr, like E Prescribe that, you know, like, are you sort of thinking like all in one?
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, because so we're launching E Prescribe next week. So, you know, so you're going to be able to do your E prescriptions, your notes, your lab orders, all your arbitrary document generation, your calendar, your forms, your patient communications, and both your patient and insurance billing, all in. John Psych. So, so it's going to do everything and our belief is that we're just going to have a huge advantage, particularly on the billing side, but also in some of these other domains because we have all the information in one place. So that is our belief, that's what we're building and we're just super excited about people trying it. But let's do this. Let's start out with credentialing. Let's see what happens with credentialing and if you're interested in moving beyond that. Amazing.
Firefly Collaborative Mental Health: Yeah, yeah. I mean I'm, I'm interested, you know, which is there's a lot of changes lately. I'm, I'm interested, you know, so I'm open minded. Like, I love it. Like I said, I just devoted all of this time and energy into Practice Cube and I like it.
Firefly Collaborative Mental Health: So that's my only thing. But, but Interested? Yes, definitely interested.
Nathan Peereboom: Love it. All right, great. Well, I'll see you Monday the 9th. I'll send a follow up email as well. As, of course, a calendar invite.
Firefly Collaborative Mental Health: Awesome. All right, thank you so much. Appreciate your time.
Nathan Peereboom: And I'll see you next week.
Firefly Collaborative Mental Health: All right, bye.