Emily Kaiser: Okay, cool.
tinitasamuels: Possibly almost two years.
Emily Kaiser: So there are many updates then since you've tried Jot. So this will kind of walk through a couple things, but I know that you're mostly interested in JotStart, but I can kind of answer any questions along the way. I love to kind of start by understanding your business a little bit more. Like, what does your day to day look like? Where are you currently at in your practice?
tinitasamuels: My practice, I have been active in my private practice now for about. Maybe six months. Okay. Maybe six months. Hold on one second.
Emily Kaiser: Okay.
tinitasamuels: Oh, okay. Okay. Okay. You, I was looking like it's three of us on here because I, I invited partner, but.
Emily Kaiser: Oh, no, it's our, all of our meetings require this grain.
tinitasamuels: Oh, it's okay. That's fine.
Emily Kaiser: I don't like your note taker, basically.
tinitasamuels: So, no, it. So I probably would say I've been active since November. November-ish. And so I went to the first platform that I ever came across once I got my LLC and all of my licensure and everything. Well, I've been, I've been fully licensed, but got my LLC and all my documents and credentials with the CAQH and my npi numbers and all of that. I ran across better help and then from better help, I learned about headway. And headway is more on your own. You know, you, you make what you, what, what you work for in terms of what the insurance I became credentialed with multiple insurance carriers. And it's been all of that. So probably since about November. And what I do, my ultimate goal is to just to have a client base. I get the, the thing for me is. As much as I'm a people person, I'm not a sales, I'm not a salesperson. And so I'm actively looking for a platform that can help me also, like, litter in, because once they talk to me, I have, I have the neck to keep a client and to get word of mouth. And I, and I'll toot my horn on that. I'm pretty, I'm pretty damn well versed at being a therapist getting people. That's, that's, I don't.
Emily Kaiser: Yes, it's intimidating.
tinitasamuels: I want to ask. I don't want to have to advertise, Tanita. I just don't. But I get it. But nonetheless. So working for better help, as you already may know, better help absolutely gives you only a fraction of what the insurance carriers are actually paying for the service. Initially, I was okay with that. I'm okay with that in the moment because it just gave me the feel of. What being in my own practice actually feels like because I'm a clinical director for community mental health agency out here in Houston for journey through life mental health.
tinitasamuels: And so I do that. But I want, I needed to get the feel of because my passion is therapy. And one thing that I'm learning in a clinical director's role is. I, it's, it's a big management role. And not no shade to any manager, but managing really is babysitting a bunch of employees to make sure that they told them to do a thousand times. There's really not a lot of heavy lifting except for when you do audits and things like that. And those are not everyday things. Those are sporadic when they come. So you kind of just sitting on your hands answering emails and giving directives. And while that's cute, that's not my passion. Yes. So I still do therapy. And so better help what I was saying with that was I was okay, you know, right now with getting the fraction because this was me trying to figure it out. But I think I got it now. So when I got this that came across my screen and it said, you know, hey, let's do this. Where you can get all your money. This is all yours.
tinitasamuels: Come through job start or whatever it's called. So I said, you know what? Let me hear them out. Let's hear what this is because, and I guess what I'm trying to pair up is with, with Headway, I get all of what I make with the, with the exception of maybe. A very small percentage.
tinitasamuels: So headway doesn't nearly as much as better help does.
Emily Kaiser: Are you using golf headway and better help?
tinitasamuels: I'm on both.
Emily Kaiser: Oh, you're on both.
tinitasamuels: Okay, I'm on both. Absolutely. So I guess what I'm trying to look for, because I want to be on one platform.
tinitasamuels: I just want to, I just want to own down to one. But I'm trying to figure out, is it feasible based on what you guys may charge based on what I could potentially make? What do I lose? What do I gain? And I want to say with better help, another reason why I really love better help is because it gives me this opportunity to talk to people from different countries. I don't know how they get that credentialing. I tooth and nail to figure out how to get me credentialed in other countries because I can, I can, I have clients in Phuket. I have clients in Canada, I have clients in. I got Phuket Canada. And somewhere else. But I have clients in other countries. UK. I have UK, London. Okay. Okay. UK. And so, but that's a credentialing thing. I don't know how to get that. I'm looking for it. Right. Because a lot of those people in those different countries, they are very much so. Therapy driven. But I'm guessing in those countries, they don't have a lot of this type of work on their side of the fence. So they open it up. So I don't know how in the hell better help makes it that I can work with these people in another country. But I need that, too. And I, I want to know how to do that. So tell me what you got.
Emily Kaiser: Okay. So, I mean, exactly what you said pretty much. We are jot psych is. Well, I know you tried jot psych, and so I'm trying to figure out what information is going to be most applicable. So I'll do like a high level overview of what job psych is doing and where we're moving, and then I'll go into jot start specifically. So jot psych, as you probably know it started as an AI scribe. And we're hearing from clinicians like yourself. There are too many platforms that are needed in order to just do your day-to-day workflow as billing. E prescription, E H R, all of the things that are needed AI, you know, the note taking and then credentialing and billing. All of those things are like separate platforms are needed, and we're hearing from a lot of clinicians like yourself that it's just overwhelming. You're bogged down in, in that alone. Yes. And so we definitely hear you on that. And what drastic is trying to do with that feedback is become an all-in-one stop shop for. Yes, yes. So basically jot psych not only has the AI note taking, but we're also, we've moved into the billing space. We now have jot bill. We now have e prescription directly in the chart with jot psych, as well as services like jot cred and jot site, which make jot start. So basically jot start is creating your website, creating a professional website. So basically, we need your headshot, we need your logo, we need basic information, and then we create your professional individual website for just due to operate out of. And then jot cred is basically credentialing for clinicians. So we make sure that we're doing all of your paperwork and all things like that to get you credentialed.
tinitasamuels: Now, if I'm already credentialed in terms of caqh, and I, I, what I'm coming to learn is that on the different platforms credentialed really is under them. It's nothing you, I have to, like, re credential with insurances or because if it's edna and my information is there, then it, it doesn't, it doesn't work that way.
Emily Kaiser: Right. So are you saying when you say them, do you mean headway or grow?
Emily Kaiser: Headway and better health?
tinitasamuels: Better help. No.
Emily Kaiser: Headway.
tinitasamuels: Okay. Because I am credentialed to take issues because I have insurance clients with better help as well.
Emily Kaiser: Yes. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. So basically for jot cred, it's 350 to set up a provider and then 300.
tinitasamuels: This is the person who was supposed to be on the call with me. Hello. Okay. Yeah, I was trying to see if you. I thought you said three o'clock. No, 3 30. Okay. It's 1 30. Oh, that's on my car. Okay. You want me to join the link now or what? Yeah, if you can. Okay. Okay. Yeah. She's in California, so she.
Emily Kaiser: No problem.
tinitasamuels: I already knew she was gonna mess up.
Emily Kaiser: It's okay.
tinitasamuels: Well, very well.
Emily Kaiser: So. Okay. No, no problem. It's just somebody that you work with.
tinitasamuels: This is my partner.
tinitasamuels: This is my partner in life as well as my partner in my business.
tinitasamuels: So I have LLC counseling and therapy, PLLC, and she has LLC Express for trucking.
Emily Kaiser: Okay. Wow.
tinitasamuels: Cool. Yeah. So. And the LLC is representative of her because that's something that they used to call her back in the day. And it worked out because LLC for me stands for her as well as locus of control, which you, I'm sure you know. So right internal and external. So those types of things.
Emily Kaiser: Okay, great. Very cool. Do you want me to wait until they join?
tinitasamuels: No, you can go ahead. Keep talking and she'll get in when she can.
Emily Kaiser: She'll be okay. So just to give you an idea of pricing. Yes, it's 350 per provider. So two credential you. And then it is 300 per payer that we connect you with.
tinitasamuels: So when you. Okay, so that. Okay, that's. That's the biggest question that I have. So 300 per provider.
Emily Kaiser: And which is me.
tinitasamuels: For me.
Emily Kaiser: And when you say prepare.
tinitasamuels: As in, like Aetna. All of those people, United Healthcare. So for. Because there's a lot of payers out there.
Emily Kaiser: Yes. So what a lot of people like to do is we do. We have a jot analysis where we look at your book of business, basically, and we look to see what you. The common denominators are between your current customer and client base. And then a lot of people kind of credential that way, but it's completely up to you how you want to credential.
tinitasamuels: So even if I. So that means so. And is this a one-time charge or how often is this charge?
Emily Kaiser: Just the one time, but it's per payer.
tinitasamuels: Per payer. And so what about prudential and. And me as the provider that the 350 for me is a one-time or is that something I pay yearly or one time, and then I'm on the platform. So if I want to. So if I. If I come on board and I wanna. It's 350. And if I want to do Blue Cross Blue Shield, United Healthcare Aetna. And there's another one. Oh. Oh. Anyway, it's about. It's about five of them.
Emily Kaiser: I know.
+1 562-***-**19: Okay.
tinitasamuels: So I'm looking at about 2000 is what you're saying.
Emily Kaiser: Yes. If that is what you want to do or you can start with one and move on, like, you can kind of do it however you want to do it at your own timeline, basically. But yes.
tinitasamuels: Okay.
Emily Kaiser: So this is kind of. I'm not sure if you've visited the Jot psych. Jot start platform yet.
tinitasamuels: I tried to, but it was. It was. It was. It was a lot for me.
Emily Kaiser: So I just.
tinitasamuels: I just said I'd wait to talk to you.
Emily Kaiser: Okay, no problem. So this is basically it. So let me show you. So, yeah, we kind of jot psych is your website, jotcred is credentialing you and getting your payers on board. This is kind of a timeline and just kind of what is included in each step. So any questions on. I know we wouldn't kind of jumped right to pricing, but any questions on anything else.
tinitasamuels: So I know about the attestation. So right now I do my own attestation, so you guys will do it for me. I mean, it's. It's no cost to me to do it, but you guys do the testing for me every 120 days with caqh.
Emily Kaiser: Like I already have a CAQH profile.
tinitasamuels: Huh?
Emily Kaiser: You mean keeping your credential?
tinitasamuels: Because, you know, yeah, you have to reattest what caq every 120 days. And so it's just basically going back into the website and the system and saying that everything is still. Is still accurate. There's no changes. Yes. But, like, things like that. Like, I'm already credentialed with CAQH. I already have an NPI number, though. That legwork, that. That. That. That jot start would do for me. I've already done. I have. I have literally done all the legwork. The only thing that it appears that I would need to do. That. That. That you would do for me is this credentialing, which I'm starting to feel like I just need to reach out to the insurance companies and do my own damn credentialing so that where I go, it goes with me instead of depending on a platform.
Emily Kaiser: That's what it's your own individual website. Basically, you can pay for. Let me see if it's on this page. You can pay for just the web. Okay, so jot psych one time build is $99. So once we build this for you, this is yours. If you'd like us to host it for you monthly. That there's a $49 fee.
tinitasamuels: That's not bad. And when you say hosted, what does hosting a website look like doing all the maintenance?
Emily Kaiser: Like, just kind of owning the platform, essentially. But once you are done with jot psych or with jot's site specifically, it is yours. Okay. Between kind of the third parties that you're using now is, like you're saying, your credentialed with them directly to where you, if you were to use jot site, it is strictly yours. It's not under, like, our ownership.
tinitasamuels: So the Jack crate, does that include jot site or are these all different fees for different platforms? Or do you have a platform that does it that brings it all together as one?
Emily Kaiser: So jot site. I'm sorry. I know there's a different. There's a lot of words, but jot. Jot start is a combination of jot site and jot cred. But you do have the ability to bundle however you want. You can buy whatever you can buy just jot cred. You can do just jot site or you can bundle them together.
tinitasamuels: Okay. And what does bundling them together look like? Just the numbers that I see here is there are different price because they're bundled.
Emily Kaiser: Let me see. I believe there is a direct link I can send you to all of the different bundles.
tinitasamuels: So sweet, can you hear me?
Emily Kaiser: Hi there.
+1 562-***-**19: This is.
tinitasamuels: This. Her name is. I call her sweet, but her name is cam.
Emily Kaiser: Emily. Hi, nice to meet you.
+1 562-***-**19: Nice meeting you, Emily.
tinitasamuels: So what this is is so the credentialing that I go through with better help and with headway, the platforms that I currently do my sessions on. This agency, you remember back in the day when I was, I tested out this platform where I would record my sessions and it would automatically do the clinical note for me. But I had to, for every note, I had to go in and, and, and change, like, client to the client's name because it didn't do that part, but it did everything else. This is that platform. And the name of that platform is jot psych. Well, they have expanded and they have now jot start, jot site, jot, and then jock cred. And what they do is the cred is the one that they get you credential. Ing means getting me in alignment with the insurance carriers that I can take their insurance. And that comes at an application. Right. And it's no cost to me. They do it until, well, it costs me. But they do it, you know, of their own accord, but it's for me.
+1 562-***-**19: And that's that.
tinitasamuels: Okay. My question for you, Emily, before I continue to explain this, the sweet is in credentialing me with. Jot start, right, with the whole shebang. Is it the same as it is with Headway and with better help that that credentialing stays with you guys, that if I were to just to, can I. Outside in the world, just give a business card and say, hey, LLC counseling and therapy call me and I can do the billing just from random just taking somebody in.
Emily Kaiser: Or is that stays with you?
tinitasamuels: So this credentialing walks with me. So then it's worth 300. Okay, so then that makes sense.
Emily Kaiser: Okay. I said we're hearing a bunch of clinicians are giving us the feedback that there's too many steps, too many systems. It's just too complicated and we find. Yes. Our, are getting found online, basically, and credentialing.
tinitasamuels: With.
Emily Kaiser: Okay, so that's painful and time consuming, and they're just intimidating, you know? So both basically are easy for us to set up with the tools that we've created, which is why we, which, which is what it has brought us to jot start, essentially.
tinitasamuels: So what they're doing, sweet, is. They would take, they would credential me with the issue. So right now with better help and headway, if I were to leave them, I got to get re credentialed again with the insurances because that credentialing is under their umbrella. I can take insurance. But it's under them here. The credentialing, if I were to walk away, I'm credentialed with the insurance is straight on. They just did the paperwork for me, but it's mine. Yes. And I, I would, that's all me. So that's, that's the upside for that. They also, it will come with a website, which means that LLC counseling and therapy would be live. And that could absolutely serve as advertisement, because all I got to do is just shoot the link out. And come on in. If you got insurance, self-pay whatever, come on in. That's that. They would like you. Like she said, they'll manage the website and they'll credential me with however many insurance carriers there is. Now, insurance is, is carriers. It's how many carriers is it, Emily? Do you, do you have a number?
Emily Kaiser: I know that we specifically credentialed with over 3000. So there's a bunch.
tinitasamuels: It's a lot of insurances. Naturally, we ain't okay. We ain't gonna take all of them because I can't. Even if it was free, I can't. Right. But I definitely would look at credentialing with the major insurances like the Edna Blue Cross Blue Shield, the United Healthcare, the Texas Children's. No, Texas Children's is Medicaid. People, the, the people. So the cost for this is 350 for me as the provider. And for every insurance that I want to take is 300. So Edna 300, United 300, Blue Cross Blue Shield and Blue Cross Blue Shield has several different ones. Optimum, all of those. They. It's like Blue Cross Blue Shield is not just one. It's Blue Cross Blue Shield of Texas Blue Cross Blue Cross Anthem. They got different ones. And all those service under their own. Am I right, Emily? It. Or is Blue Cross just one across the board, or do I have to apply for each different segment of Blue Cross?
Emily Kaiser: That's a good question. I'd like to get you a better answer. So let me get back to you on that. If Blue Cross is, you know, individually its own, or if. Yes. Let me get back to you on that one.
tinitasamuels: Okay. Okay. So I'm thinking. I'm thinking of taking probably about six, five or six. Major insurance carriers. So that alone is. Is 15 to 1800. And then my 350. So we looking at about. 22. I would give a max of 2500 for them to. But that's just credentialing me. And getting me set up. Because what is the 350 for? For me to be able to do what? Because my next question moves into aside from the credentialing and creating the website. Does the. What does the platform provide for me in order to be able to service these people? Because leaving headway. Better help. Where do I see the clients? Or is that is. Or is this just a credentialing?
Emily Kaiser: So. Just to answer that in two different parts, basically jot cred, the credentialing ensues we handle the CHQH setup, which I know that you already did. The payer applications we follow up on a 14-day cadence, basically. So we're maintaining all of that paperwork that needs to be done to not only get credentialed, but stay credentialed and then be in the networks of these payers. And then jot site. You mentioned you asked about the scheduling. So. It kind of depends how you do it. So jot site, if you are a jot psych customer, what you would do is we have a calendar basically embedded on your website. And as people book with you, it goes right to your jot psych EHR. So if you're not a customer of, like, if you're not a jot psych, if you're not paying for jot psych, you would probably have an individual calendar that you manage on your own account.
tinitasamuels: That's my next question. So there is in turn another platform that I would need to pay for, which is jot psych.
Emily Kaiser: If you wanted to go that route, if you didn't want to, in order to have a platform for people to be required.
tinitasamuels: So now how much is job psych? So run it all to me. Let me tell you, let me give you just a vivid picture of what I'm looking for.
Emily Kaiser: Sent you the link, actually, that I'd love. And that has all of the pricing and all of the bundle information on there. Hold on. It's in our chat in this meeting.
tinitasamuels: Oh, you sent it in a meeting. Okay, hold on. Let me go back to the meeting. In. One second.
Emily Kaiser: No problem. And just so you know, just so you're aware, I do have another meeting at five. So I do have a hard stop at the hour.
tinitasamuels: Okay, I got you. I got you. Wait, I don't. Where's the chat?
Emily Kaiser: Oh, my God. So if you're looking at our meeting, let me make this bigger. I have two screens going.
tinitasamuels: Got it. But the problem is it tells me no chats. No, no chat messages yet.
+1 562-***-**19: Oh.
Emily Kaiser: Let me go back. I'm going to send it one more time. Okay. See if you see the notification. If not, I can send it over email.
tinitasamuels: Okay, that'll be perfect.
Emily Kaiser: Okay. I just sent that there. And then let me just hop over the email and I'll do it in both places.
tinitasamuels: Yeah, no, it's not picking up in the chat, so.
Emily Kaiser: Okay. Now, where are you guys based out of?
tinitasamuels: I'm in Houston, Texas, and she's in California.
Emily Kaiser: Okay. Okay. Right. Nice. So both warm places.
tinitasamuels: Well, she's more warm. It's burning up here, so.
Emily Kaiser: Yeah. Okay, let me go here.
tinitasamuels: No, it didn't come to me, but that's okay.
Emily Kaiser: I'm sending that email now. I had to retrieve your email. There we go. You should get that in the next minute or so.
tinitasamuels: Okay.
Emily Kaiser: And so if you click, once you open up the link, you'll see our. Our pricing for jot psych, which again, like I said at the very beginning of our meeting, jot psych is doing billing for clinicians. We're doing credentialing. We're doing the. The website buildup. E prescribing all of the things. So what you're going to immediately see is just the pricing for jot psych in itself, the different options for that. I see it here. If you click custom. Oh, I'm sorry. Not click custom. If you scroll down. You see more details of the individual pricing for all of those things that you're able to bundle.
tinitasamuels: Oh, Chad Crib. It. EHR Essentials. So this is putting me on an EHR system.
Emily Kaiser: The EHR is if you want to use JOTSEC as an EHR, you now have the ability to. You have the ability to use JOTSIC in many capabilities in the regards of the AI scribe you're note taking, your billing. We're offering clinicians, as we know, because there's so many different systems that are needed to operate. We're basically doing a one stop shop, as Jot takes.
tinitasamuels: I see. I see. And every, every, every extension costs something. I see that. So one other question, and then I'm gonna let you go because you guys, because that means if you said four or five o'clock, it's four for me. So you're an hour ahead. You're in Eastern Standard Time.
Emily Kaiser: Yeah.
+1 562-***-**19: Yeah. I'm five.
tinitasamuels: So job psych does not include the ER extensions. I mean, the ER essentials and extensions. It's just like and one of these.
Emily Kaiser: Can you repeat your question? I want to make sure I answer it correctly.
tinitasamuels: If I were to buy into Jack psych with everything else, I would also need to buy into one of these monthly EHR Essentials.
Emily Kaiser: Not necessarily. If you wanted to use jot psych just as a AI note taker, then you can just do that.
tinitasamuels: And if you scroll up, I definitely would need an EHR system because that, that somewhere to store my notes, it would be necessary. Okay. Okay. Let me go over this with, with, with Miss Cam here. And we see if it's going to be worth it because it on, on the Forefront, it looks like a lot of dollars. But the back end, it looks like it'll, it'll, it'll, it'll save me money in the long run. So it's, it's one of those things where you have to play with. And she's the money person, not me. I don't do well with numbers.
Emily Kaiser: No, I mean, you, you nailed it, basically. So I think if I could suggest comparing the cost of what it, what you would want to operate through job psych with your current cost operating out of two third party platforms, I think you would be surprised at the comparison. And not only consolidating that cost and who you are paying each month, but your most likely lessening the price. And then you're getting a more seamless workflow. So a lot of would suggest is if we could set up a
+1 562-***-**19: follow up, where would your clients be coming from off this platform?
tinitasamuels: Now? They, the clients would have to come through me. That would be, and that's a totally, that's an advertisement thing. They're not the advertisement, but they would give us a website that would be serve as advertisement and we would be able to make business
+1 562-***-**19: calls saying if we think about both the platform, both the platforms do Market you. Know clients come to you. But that's something we could talk about. Okay? Because we only got two minutes.
tinitasamuels: Okay.
Emily Kaiser: Okay. With those two minutes, I would love to set up a time on the calendar because also, Tanita, I would love to show you. If you haven't tried JAW Tech in two years, so I'd love you to see the updated platform and, like, view my screen and watch me do a walkthrough. So you really see how these different options could fit into your workflow. Okay. What about next Monday? Do you have any availability then?
Emily Kaiser: Maybe like, I know we're on different time zones, so maybe
tinitasamuels: like, it will be the same three o'clock for me is good 330 is good. I normally have private clients starting at 4. I leave my primary job. And so today it just so happens it starts at 5. So. 3:00 Monday is fine.
Emily Kaiser: Okay, perfect. And I know I just sent you an email, but I logged out of that page. Could you tell me your email again?
tinitasamuels: First and last name at yahoo.com t I n I t a Samuels.
Emily Kaiser: Perfect. Cam, did you want me to invite you to this as well?
tinitasamuels: Please do.
Emily Kaiser: Yeah. What is your email?
+1 562-***-**19: Lock down 81 at gmail?
Emily Kaiser: Okay. Okay, great. So you will see this come through for Monday at three o'clock. If you have any questions in the meantime, you can just send me an email. I'm happy to help answer anything. But other than that, thank you so much for your time and letting me learn more about your business. I really appreciate it and enjoyed getting to know you, but too.
tinitasamuels: Thank you. I appreciate you.
+1 562-***-**19: Thank you.
Emily Kaiser: Thank you. Talk to you soon. Bye.