Marcus Irven: It's a bit of a commute.
Becca Bressler: Oh my God, I'm so sorry guys, just like you've been running around trying to get it. Placed at all. My husband is not. Hi Nelson.
Becca Bressler: Hey, how are you? Good. How are you doing?
nelsonarnous: Pretty good crazy couple weeks, but things are going well.
Becca Bressler: That's great. Yeah coming late I'm assuming you guys did intros met each other a little bit.
nelsonarnous: Kind of mostly we just talked about the Hudson Valley oh nice.
Becca Bressler: Well, I guess like before we do that I don't know if there's more Marcus our head of engineering Nelson my my product mentor guru expert
Marcus Irven: where do you work at now Nelson I know what kind of company do you work at?
nelsonarnous: So I actually just left? What was like a series B fintech called compounds and now I am starting something new. Planetary yeah it's like a vertical AI tool for real estate investors yeah it's been fun yeah it is. Been a journey BI did. Five years and a bit at this company compound that was the harder product for a while and then before that I was at Silver Lake that's how I met Nate originally got it yeah yeah
Marcus Irven: got it I'll give my quick quick background engineer by background worked in startups for many many years and then I threw an acquisition ended up in media for about 10 years or at some point I transitioned into management I was a VP of engineering at Warner Brothers for a while before until 2023 and then I was like I got to get out of here and get back to the startup the life so I've been with Jot psych for a year and change
nelsonarnous: now I'm sure you have some more stories from engineering at Warner.
Marcus Irven: Some crazy times yeah it's great to me I'm glad I'm glad I'm not there now let's just put it that way
nelsonarnous: I get it I don't imagine they would run. My ideal version of a development org
Marcus Irven: yeah no we have Amazon leadership and so we had a decent like engineering culture like it wasn't as like some other media companies it was like engineering culture but it's still crazy nonetheless.
Becca Bressler: Yeah yeah. Very cool awesome so. Marcus Nelson since like the beginning of time has been talking about linear so I figured he would be a little excited when I told you that trying it out but is already sort of feeling unruly based on just kind of the way that we like manage projects already or like I think I've talked to you a little bit Nelson about the way that our like backlog works with this slack bot agent that's kind of I don't know maybe have shown you the backlog but anyway so we're trying to like figure out best practices and see how to make this work for us and would just love your kind of two cents on where you've like found a lot of value in the tool etc may be the first place to start is like Marcus just because you've spent more time with notion and I actually think and articulate better like how you're thinking about cycles and issues and like showing Nelson what we've got going on or I don't know. Maybe you want to start somewhere else but just as like a space
Marcus Irven: grounding yeah I think that comes to show but yeah I think so it sounds like I already told you we were using notion for a while I come from a Jira background we've been using linear just for a couple of weeks now and I'm I am liking it in general I like the UI a lot but I think yeah so I think some of my questions are just.
nelsonarnous: Like.
Marcus Irven: Organization why like use of labels the triaging the process you know kind of work works best or what you found has worked best there and I'm sure it's like completely different depending on different teams and different size teams and different size organizations but yeah any tips there I can share my. Screen I don't think that we have anything.
Becca Bressler: Too I think I'm on like 15 yeah yeah Nelson signed all the
Marcus Irven: good stuff I'm not going to show you anything that's going to be too interesting I'm not worried about that so we currently have set up with three teams but that's cool for for really the garden is the the team that is our engineering team I think that's another question is like use of linear outside of engineering like I think we're we're doing so much with like automation as far as like. You know using we have kind of AI bots now that are like creating issues and even like we're starting to move towards you using AI to like you know handle issues and things like that question you know we open question for us is like do we start using it for sales purposes and marketing tracking and all of that and sort of like any experience that you had around for like non engineering teams is also kind of helpful. But yeah, I mean we have you know things coming we have our triage set up and we haven't been very good yet about working operating on our triage I think that that's probably the first thing that I know we're going to just have to like be really on this so any sort of processes around that like any of you the if you use like the triage intelligence stuff like any tips there? Yeah we're using we do we do operate it into two week sprints where I've set up cycles for for that I think that works fine works well projects yeah we you know we we I think that is a good question about like when does something warrant a project versus just being an issue with an issue with sub issues that sort of thing would be great we're not using initiatives at all but like if that's something that you've had good luck with or or not so yeah just in general like what have you what have you what have you liked and what features have you like found not to be useful and not looked at like like TS that sort of thing
nelsonarnous: yeah okay so I will just try to riff
Marcus Irven: for a bit yeah that would be great.
nelsonarnous: So. I don't know if this resonates at all Marcus but I feel like the bane of all the tools like this I've used. Are rough just like crap piling up and then it becoming like a maintenance task to keep on top of the thing which no one does no one does certainly I don't. So I. Think all of my linear implementations have been like just the dumbest thing possible. That keeps things as simple as possible so I actually never use cycles I know people like it but I'll talk through what I did instead I'm not saying it's the right answer at all.
Marcus Irven: But let me share what I did.
nelsonarnous: So. I'm going to start from the top. And again I'll just describe like kind of how I'm using it currently which is basically how I used it previously. So. The way I thought of projects was less like an epic or a theme in like traditional like agile terminology but more so like a service area of the product and I found that useful because. It reduces the amount of tags that you're creating just tactically in the system. So that tags can be used for other things which we'll talk about in a second as well and gives like each line item just like almost like an area of the code base or area of the product that it's related to and then obviously you can like sift through projects and be like what's on the backlog for X.
Marcus Irven: And so I basically create anytime an issue came in.
nelsonarnous: I would create it within. Whatever project it made sense is in so like onboarding or like core note or I'm trying to think of the other initiatives you guys have going and I fail to do it, but you get the idea. And then I would use a tag to identify if it was a bug. I think there's already a built in bug tag. Then wouldn't use sizing. Although there is in settings the ability to do sizing you can do Fibonacci t shirt and there are a few other methods as well, which is cool. Skiping. And then when I created something there is an optional like status level. So obviously there's like done canceled to do in progress backlog and then you can toggle on or off triage. So I was a big fan of using triage because I don't know if back of this resonates sometimes I want to record a thing that is like it's either speculative or like it's not even thought out enough to make it to the backlog. It's really just like an idea or like I just need it separated for myself as like a, okay, when I look into linear, I'm like what are things I need to flesh out? And then I tend to look at triage. It's kind of like the other bucket. It's like kind of nice to use. I think they've hidden it for a reason, but I like it. So then this kind of the life cycle of a thing, right? So something comes in, I get it gets created. Either in a project. And then if it's like roughly ready to go backlog, if it needs some thought triage. Then try to use tags pretty liberally. But in like a structured way, you can manage tags centrally. I think you can actually remove the ability for users to create their own tags because it does get crofty if people are creating a bunch of them.
Marcus Irven: Labels the same thing or they different.
nelsonarnous: I think they're the same. It could be that they just redesign. So it could be that things are okay.
Marcus Irven: I think it's just labels. Looks like I don't see any tags.
nelsonarnous: Yeah. So. Today I use labels a little differently, which is I if it's a customer specific request. I will label it as such and then I'll hit like a theme on it like retention or like trial conversion or things like this. That's very particular to where we're at right now, which is low customer count and like a lot of focus on individual accounts. So obviously that might not make sense. In the past. I should have taken screenshot before I left. I know we did bug. S we used. And it's just not coming to me. How else we would use labels. But I remember going through and setting up a set of them. Yeah, it won't come to me.
Marcus Irven: Can I ask a question about the project? So it sounds like you can treat projects as buckets that are sort of long lived. You don't really treat the whole like, like project should have an end date kind of thing.
nelsonarnous: Right. I am sure that's breaking certain development roles, but that is how I think about it. And well, should I be a little confusing? That is how I do it today, to be fair. And I'll just share screen actually. I don't think this is particularly good, but at least we see another version. So we've got like the single backlog, which I don't know, I find ideal. We're one team today. So just active backlog. Some crop and triage like I mentioned. Some use of prioritization for stuff that actually is like kind of ready to go. Obviously activist shift stuff like any progress or to do. And then our projects are these surface areas. LP reporting. Like for CRM, other side of CRM metrics in infra data projects, et cetera.
Becca Bressler: One of those Nelson, like I'm curious.
nelsonarnous: Okay. Yeah. And we're small, so I haven't really done like a lot of hygiene on this stuff.
Becca Bressler: But there are issues track like tag to projects that which makes sense.
nelsonarnous: Yeah.
Marcus Irven: Yeah. Do you ever have issues that are not in a project?
nelsonarnous: I try not to. I do kind of have a catch-all of like just core platform functionality, but I try to put everything. Somewhere. In fact, I think. Should be somewhere. We actually immediately found one that isn't. So the leaky bucket, but I aim to have everything similar. So I show this because I realize I wanted to show this before I introduced a bunch of complexity, which is at compounds. When there were actually multiple teams. We did have multiple projects. And it was basically project per team. Which is not really, I think, how the platform is intended to be used, but it worked well for us, in part because teams were aligned to surface areas. And so there was like basically like a B2C team in a internal tools team and then some like infra team basically. And so each one had their own project board. And then that's where I was using tags labels. To actually do some of that more like granular like, hey, this is for the B2C product and then used a label for like onboarding. And then for each one, again, this is like a real bastardization of the tool, but I would. Run a sprint. Subject. Let me actually think for a second. How was I exactly doing this? Is it milestones? Have you guys told around the milestones at all?
Marcus Irven: I've seen them in there, but.
nelsonarnous: I know I was running sprints with milestones, but I'm trying to see where they are post redesign.
Marcus Irven: Yeah, that makes sense. I think you could attach issues to milestones.
nelsonarnous: Right?
Becca Bressler: Yeah, I don't see milestones though on the nav.
nelsonarnous: I'm wondering if they killed one.
Marcus Irven: I definitely saw them in the last week or two, but let's see here. You're right. I'm not seeing them. I think I thought they were part of projects. Yeah, if you're in a project, you could create milestones.
nelsonarnous: Okay. So thank you. So that's what I was. Yeah, I see. So that's how I was running sprints and milestones within projects. So project again would be like B2C product. And then I would create a milestone for every sprint. And then I had, you know, over the course of whatever a month, I'd have two milestones. And then backlog. And so to kick off a sprints, I would just drag and drop items from the backlog milestone into a sprint milestone. And then just assign from there. And then when that milestone is done, obviously stuff often carried over. I would just drag it to the next. And then you can like reorder your milestones. So I would take whatever just got completed and put it under the backlog. And so the order of milestones was always. Next milestone current milestone backlog and then history of prior milestones. That's where I was running sprints. Yeah. I'm curious. Are you liking cycles better compared to what I just described?
Marcus Irven: I haven't really tried. This is like our first week of using really. I think we set it up a couple weeks ago and this is our first sprint, I guess this is the second week because it's Monday. But yeah, I don't know if I have like an opinion enough at this point. I think it's nice that it like cycles, you could have them auto generate, such as like every two weeks a new one appears and always creates like you can configure it, but it creates like two outs. You could always like to move stuff if you want to say, oh, no, we're going to just kick this to the next sprint you could do. So. It seems nice enough is, but there are issues, Centric. You don't put projects in cycles. You put issues in SQL. So that's a little bit different than how we used to work.
nelsonarnous: Yeah, it's interesting because as you talk just a reflection on linear in general. I think if you were to use priority is if anyone were to use. All of these statuses, tags, projects, milestones and cycles, I think it would be like such massive brain damage to actually run the thing. I think you got to choose one or two to not use.
Marcus Irven: Yeah. I mean, I think it makes sense that they would make it flexible for teams to work on. But yeah.
Becca Bressler: Right.
nelsonarnous: Yeah.
Becca Bressler: One of the one of the things like maybe this isn't helpful, but one of the challenges is just like almost like the taxonomy of stuff that comes in. So like, and both like feeling like you need to treat things differently because they're different, but then also I'm like, but does that actually solve the problem of the fact that things go places to die? You know, like really the question is like, how do you actually make best use of the things coming in? And so like Nelson, I'll give you like a few examples. So like we have this, you know, Slack channel that here, maybe I'll share my screen for a hot sec. Let's see custom reporting and bug features. So no need to read any of this, but just to kind of give you a view and I'll talk through a couple of them is like we have this Slack channel where people just like tag an agent with a bug issue like an issue that a customer has with like a feature request with like a big new surface area request. So for instance like this channel might be capturing. We need a patient portal because I as a clinician need to talk to my patients. It might be capturing. We need to make sure jot audit are like compliance tool that we built is accurately assessing notes for this particular CPT code that currently is not working to this page is confusing like let's fix this let's make it less confusing to oh we can text this to patients, but let's add the functionality where we can email it. And like some of the stuff like I was working with CloudCode trying to figure this out and didn't get super far but it's like what can be acted on now almost and like what can't be. But even in the what can't be there's like different sizes of things and like the way that you're talking about linear, just does that like solve a lot of what I'm talking about for you to those issues.
nelsonarnous: So. I have two thoughts. I'm going to say them before I start talking or I'll forget the second one. One is single backlog. So stuff doesn't get missed. And two is lab stuff. So slack stuff. The way we did it was. A PM had to create a ticket. Every time. I actually think I stand by that. Because otherwise you're just getting blasted and then that flips through the cracks, right? Cause like then Becca is like well like, you know Nate created 15 tickets. They went to four different parts of linear and now I need to go sleuth them out and figure out where actually they live and when, if at all they're getting worked on. So suddenly you're like actually playing whacK-A-Mole versus the way we ran things was like tag a PM on Slack or like if feedback comes in and like PM isn't jumping in or wasn't tagged. Tag them and that's how stuff makes it to linear. And then you can make a really quick judgment call immediately like this is urgent. It is a bug and then linear, I'm sure you guys have seen that has like the snap slack add on. And so you can like three dot create a ticket. And then from there you can assign a project an urgency, assign it a status, et cetera. So if something came in and it was urgent enough to get smushed into the current sprint, I would.
nelsonarnous: But it, you can even assign a milestone, but put it into the current sprint milestone, assign an engineer and then set it to do. And now it put it in. If it wasn't urgent, I would just kick it into backlog, the backlog milestone that I was saying I dragged stuff out of. But then when Friday came around, I had a list of everything. It was like, well, here's, you know, the stuff we plan to do and the new stuff that went bump in the night. And then you can stare at it all and say and we're dragging this up. Then the other note there is I would try to be pretty good about the hygiene of adding a priority. When I created something from Slack so that when you're looking at that backlog on a Friday or a Thursday or whatever to plan the next sprint, you don't need to read all 200 items.
nelsonarnous: You can, but it's like you're 40 that are currently marked as high priority. And then occasionally I'd go in and groom that and remove duplicates and change priors and things like that. So that way stuff didn't slip through the cracks as much obviously. You know, there are many cracks. That was one thought. And then the addendum to that is. None of our engineers ever worked off of two pages of linear. Like there was one page that as an engineer, I log in, this is the stuff assigned to me. It is this project board. This milestone, this is my work, my period end of story because it get like you don't want to, you don't want to ask people to be jumping around and then. Having like dual priorities. That makes sense. Does that answer your question at all?
Becca Bressler: Yay partially. The other things I'm thinking about, and maybe this is getting like 2 p.m specific Marcus.
Marcus Irven: So like pull me back.
Becca Bressler: But this isn't helpful for you. But I think that like. I mean, you're talking about triaging makes sense. Because you have a grasp of like what surface area is this? What priority is this? How much fleshing out does this need before you can actually assign it to someone? But so as far as like the fleshing out piece though, like what I can say now about the backlog is I'm basically, so we have these things called Wednesdays where sometimes we're picking like Marcus and I are like these are the quick wins that don't require a lot of additional requirements like an engineer can pick this off. When it comes to like actual like sprint planning now that stuff is becoming a little more top down from Nate and Jackson. But I feel like the backlog, other than that Wednesday thing has never been a place where I'm like, oh, we're building this feature. Let me look about, let me look for the requirements people have asked for for this. And maybe that's just a failing and we should have done that.
Marcus Irven: But like.
Becca Bressler: Maybe the question I'm trying to ask is like how often if at all were you using that backlog to like build a PRD or like build the requirements of like an actual new product?
Becca Bressler: Yeah, maybe that's the question I'm actually trying to ask.
nelsonarnous: So I would.
nelsonarnous: Use every issue in linear we would treat, you know, I still do treat as a standalone piece of work. So if you clicked into an issue and it was like a heavy duty feature up top, I might link to a Figma. Link to a contact stock. It was really long. Linked to, you know, Vodka mockup. And then within that one ticket, there would always be n sections. Context problem from product and then, you know, like maybe ancillary documents or whatever again as links. And then if something were really big, we would use sub issues. And the way we ran that was I am rarely the person qualified enough to build out sub issues. We would defer to engineering because like, you know, if we're building out like a security master or something, like it's a lot of like architectural design and like multi stage like backend work, I don't freaking know. And so we would hand off just the linear issue. It happens to be really meaty and then saying like create sub issues as you need and really deferred engineering and just like trust engineering on that front to like track their work appropriately. And Eng was really bought into that because it was like great. Like I can just define this myself and like I will click through my work versus anything else. So I guess that's a long way of saying I would almost never take a bunch of linear tickets. Like smush them together into a feature.
Marcus Irven: Yeah.
nelsonarnous: I guess in your case like how would I have handled that in our old system?
Marcus Irven: If there were a bunch of
nelsonarnous: like pickets that were submitted by me or someone else that kind of pointed to the same feature and actually like informed requirements. Ideally things would have come in tagged. Or labeled whatever the word is. I could kind of read through them honestly probably copy paste at this point and kick it over to Claude and then try to combine them into a single issue. With again that like contact problem solution supporting docs sort of thing.
Becca Bressler: Got it. So like one issue might be the size of like a PR not that you yeah like the PRD is like one issue for
nelsonarnous: sure our issue size is varied heavily. The real flex was like in sub issues exist or not.
Becca Bressler: Yeah.
Marcus Irven: Got it.
nelsonarnous: And this was really bad hygiene, but just to give you a sense like there would be times when issues would carry over first print to sprint. And it was just like a rotating set of sub issues because it was a really big thing which probably should just have been scoped down but you know hindsight is 2020.
Becca Bressler: We definitely definitely have dealt with that with notion where it's like we have a notion project and like sub like tasks and that we want to close out the project but there are tasks that move over to the next one. So we create a new project.
Becca Bressler: Anyways yeah Marcus do you have other questions?
Marcus Irven: I think that was that's helpful to get another perspective on things. Initiatives never used. What about using have you seen it used for non engineering teams?
nelsonarnous: Oh yeah.
Marcus Irven: One product engineering teams.
nelsonarnous: Just on initiatives. I don't think we ever got big enough to warrant using it. It sounds like it's for like big multi team coordination. I'm sure it doesn't like dependency stuff or something like that. Then for non-eng our marketing team liked it. Outside of that. We didn't see a ton of usage. Marketing. Enjoy it. I just think they made the mistake of like. Linear for like technical work and so marketing had like a technical backlog in linear and then they had their own smart sheet or whatever else which self defeating. And then just a total nuance note, but you can create labels. Or project level I believe. And so I think we ended up creating labels for marketing scoped to them. So that it didn't like cluster or clutter the core set of labels we wanted to use.
nelsonarnous: But it's just a tactical thing. I think to be fair our exec team, myself included would have loved if everyone actually just used linear for everything. Because I'm sure you guys run better than this, but we had some orgs that like weren't tracking stuff.
Becca Bressler: My corded our org. Asm is just looking at you. Cool.
Marcus Irven: Yeah. Like labels or tags for a minute can you maybe just talk a little bit more about that like you said you use them pretty liberally like what like but how did you use them differently than project. You mentioned I guess like retention and things like that as being labels. Yeah what are some of like labels that you have.
Marcus Irven: Taxonomies that you found useful.
nelsonarnous: Yeah so. Today we have. You know a set of. End customers plus or minus 20. And then like three like strategic pillars whatever we don't treat it that formally but you know it's like retention trial conversion and like lead acquisition. And so. We're not super strict about this today because we're not super strict about linear in general today.
nelsonarnous: But I will tag issues based on like which pillar they roll up to. Which is kind of helpful just as like you can zoom out and be like okay how much are we working on retention stuff right now but beyond that? Probably process for the fake process. We should really stop doing. But then the customer level tags are actually pretty helpful at least for our use case because again there's like not many of them and they all have like. Litanies and requests. So that's how I do it today. But I think that's less relevant. Previously. Within each project there were labels for maybe like feature requests versus bug versus like improvement or something like that. Just like some kind of MEC taxonomy of like, you know, what is this thing? And then a label to tie it to like. A sub project. Level. So it's like this is the B2C platform. Would be the project and then the label would be this is onboarding. Or this is core data profile versus. You know, connect the modeling tool. All of those would be in the B2C header. Yeah labels, I will say in hindsight probably felt like tool shaped objects like they weren't actually that. Valuable, but they felt good to like click around and like have this very nicely organized dashboard, which again is like the death of any of these systems, I think. But yeah.
Marcus Irven: Okay, well that's helpful. Nope, this is great.
Becca Bressler: Yeah I mean I definitely, I don't know if like project is what we'll end up doing for Marcus, but I've been thinking a lot about just wanting like billing, you know like patient cons, like just so that when this black bot is capturing things, there's like some first level of like filtering because then it's also a matter of capturing signal. Like if one of those things has like three times as much as a different like theme. Like that's like actually a signal we'd want to know that you can't always know just kind of like looking at a backlog list anyways go ahead Nelson sorry.
nelsonarnous: Yeah just you made me think or something which is the projects for like tags or whatever format. Were really helpful when. You know, unavoidably we would have like a slight change in direction and we'd be like, oh man, this corner we really need to figure out onboarding.
nelsonarnous: And then we already accidentally have a really nice backlog of onboarding stuff. So like drag and drop, we're actually ready to go. Was like really nice. So I guess it's a point in the camp of. Tracking based on surface area or whatever it is.
Becca Bressler: Yeah and just to like the tickets that you'd be writing like customer complaints or requests, things that you noticed or your team noticed using the product. That's basically it. Like what are, were there other.
nelsonarnous: Oh yeah that's an interesting question. We did not distinguish in linear the source of a thing. It might be included in like that ticket format where describe context and problem whatever else that might be described. But again, because like the RPMs were playing intermediary didn't matter how something showed up in Slack. It was like, yeah, this was a customer complaint or I notice this or whatever. What mattered in linear was like can an engineer open it and know exactly what to do and then where to go for more information. So we didn't try to like buy for Kate like the source of a thing in linear because it didn't feel relevant to making engineering really quick.
Becca Bressler: Yeah. Marcus, you're you seem like you've gotten all your questions answered.
Marcus Irven: Yeah, for now I'm sure I'll think of 10 things after we hang up, but yeah, it was good to give a perspective on things that really appreciate it.
nelsonarnous: Yeah. Hopefully it was felt helpful. I'm no guru, but I like the tool a lot.
Becca Bressler: So yeah, we all have things to kind of show you more concretely next time we talk and just get your perspective on. So yeah, thank you so much.
nelsonarnous: Yeah, thank you guys. Mark is awesome.
Marcus Irven: And neat. Yeah, it's great to meet you.
Becca Bressler: Talk soon.