Nathan Peereboom: Hello, Dr. Hill. How are you?
Tomeka Watkins: I am wonderful.
Nathan Peereboom: And yourself? Good. It's been a while. It must be over a year since I've seen you. Right.
Tomeka Watkins: Oh, my God. Maybe two years. When I first started, I looked back because I didn't know you guys were doing all of this.
Nathan Peereboom: We're doing everything now. We're taking over the world.
Tomeka Watkins: I was laying in my bed after work one night, and I'm like, God, there has to be a better, easier way. And I seen it three weeks ago, but I was so busy, and I'm like, Well, let me schedule for sure. Yes. Everything has been going great. But of course I'm doing All the platforms grow. I'm not there. I could, but I'm not right. But the thing is, I noticed with headway that they are, and I sent them so many tickets that they're overcharging my patients for their copay, right? And so it's like, okay, they're asking me about it. I'm like, it's coming in my pocket. I don't know. So I'm sending out those text messages. So, I mean, long story short, what I want to do, I'm like, okay, I want to hold the power, right? I'm using jocksight for a lot of things. I built out my template here to meet the insurances, and then we can always add or take away whatever the case may be. Right? So I'm like, I want to do the credentialing and just see what else that you guys have to offer that would make me help me be my standalone clinic. You know what I'm saying?
Nathan Peereboom: Yes. Absolutely. Have you ever gone through the credentialing process before?
Tomeka Watkins: I have. I have been credentialed with United Healthcare. I've been credentialed with Medicaid. I've been credentialed with Blue Cross Blue Shield. But only here in Illinois. I'm licensed in 26 states. But, of course, I'm credential under their MPI. Now.
Nathan Peereboom: Right. You're under Headway's mpi. You're not under your own mpi. Okay, Gotcha. When I talk to people about credentialing, I hear two things, and I'm curious if they resonate with you. One, I hear, hey, I wanted to go fast. And two, I hear I want it to be transparent. I want to know where the applications are. Does that resonate with you? And two, are there other things you're looking for in a credentialing partner?
Tomeka Watkins: Yes. Just transparency because I've been credentialed under my own MPI as well too, prior to that. So I know that when it comes to credentialing, they could say it's a fast process unless they know somebody or they have a person that's working in there. But I know CREDENTIALING changes from time to time. And I know panels do close and you have to meet certain obligations. It's the same way with licensing.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, got it. And when would you want to kick off credentialing? It sounds like you've decided that you want to run your own practice. It sounds like you want your own ehr, you want to do your own billing and you want to be credentialed, is that right?
Tomeka Watkins: Yes.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, gotcha. Well, I just want you to know from the get go, I'm excited for you. It's such a big step to go off an MSO. We just, @ a spiritual level, love when clinicians. We're entrepreneurs. Right. We started this company. We love when our customers decide, hey, I want to be an entrepreneur. And control my own destiny, build the way I bill, have a relationship with my patients that's not mediated by another group. So we are just like, just at a spirit level. We're really excited about that. We're also really excited because we do all that entire pipeline now. So we have eprescription, we've got labs, we've got patient communication, scheduling. We do our own billing at this point, so every day we send bills for customers. And as you know, we do credentialing, so should you. Choose. If you wanted, we could do the entire process for you where we credentialed you. You started using jots, like as an ehr, prescribing medication through us. And then we could do your billing as well. So if you wanted that, you don't have to go for it right now. But the nice thing about starting with credentialing, Is that you can take your credentialing everywhere. So even if we go through your credentialing and you're like, you know what, I'm going to go with osmind or Jane or something, it's totally fine. You can take those papers and walk to any ehr. But the nice thing about doing credentialing with us is that we see credentialing as our first date with you. We see it as like, hey, we're going to show you what it's like to work with us as a service company.
Nathan Peereboom: And we're going to knock credentialing out of the ballpark. We're going to do it fast. We're going to make sure that it is really clear to you what's happening and where things are blocked and what we hope the strategy for us is that you love that so much. That you decide. Hey, I wish this same group of people in this same stack of technology was being brought to bear when it came to my billing, when it came to my practice admin. So I think I'm, of course, very biased, but I think it's a really great entrance into owning your own practice and doing your own entire apparatus.
Tomeka Watkins: I did not know you. I mean, everything that you just. Okay, because I was looking over your website, I'm like, I didn't see you all. I'm like, gosh, yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: It's kind of hidden, right?
Tomeka Watkins: Yeah. And I'm like, it should be obvious like that, but I like that you guys. Do that? Because it's not like, hey, this is like, forefront here, so we're not pulling people in. You're making that decision to do that because you've been on jock site for so long. I did see where you guys look at the notes and look at the risk analysis and stuff like that. I love that. And seeing if the cpt, all of those matches up, I have no problem whatsoever. Coming on with you guys full forward. I mean, I feel comfortable doing that. Because, of course, if you guys handle the back office, the net two. Because that was my thing with the platform, too. It took a lot of it. Take a lot of the work off. I mean, let's put it like that. I have to make sure I'm meeting those requirements. When it comes to billing and what they need and notes, that's changed. That changes from here to there.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. Our belief is like, you can kind of have your cake and eat it too, where you have all the benefit, like you do with an mso, of not dealing with all the detritus of the administrative work, with all the benefit of really owning your destiny and being able to decide. Who you see when you see them, how you bill, what platform you use, where your notes go, how you get paid, all of that. So the combination, even just controlling your own brand, it's so much easier to control your own brand when you're not on just a list on an mso. And so we think it's the best of all worlds, and we think that's the way the world's going.
Tomeka Watkins: Yes. I love that. So when we're looking at something like that, tell me, what am I looking at? Because I have so much more that I need to include because I take my wound care boards and everything next month, so I'm, like, certified in three areas. Psychology, family practice, mental. Oh, what else should I say? Addiction therapy and mental health.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, so I think you're asking about pricing, is that right?
Tomeka Watkins: Yes, with everything. Okay.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, so there's three different elements to pricing. So the first is your software, so you can decide what you want to use. It's sort of a la carte at this point. So right now, I think you only pay for the scribe, but if you wanted, like, eprescription, there's a little. Bit of an extra cost for that because we get charged for it. In terms of billing, we're just a standard billing company. So if you want us to do all your billing for you, it's somewhere between 4 and 8%, depending on what you choose. Again, just totally standard.
Nathan Peereboom: And then for credentialing. Pardon me?
Tomeka Watkins: I said most of the platforms take 10 or 20.
Nathan Peereboom: Well, most of the platforms take 20 to 30 because they're making quite a bit more from the insurance company. And the insurance companies are billing them at less because they're not considered, on average, as high quality as private practices. So when you become a private practice, something that happens is you often see the baseline reimbursement for your services go up because the barrier to entry, the selection bias of someone starting their own practice, is a little higher. And that gets reflected in quality of care and the other things that insurance companies do care about when they come up with fee schedules. So it's a good thing all around when it comes to credentialing. It's a really simple fee structure. So it's $350 just to, like, get started and take all your stuff. And then it's $300 per pair. So that's it. It's really straightforward again. Kind of industry standard pricing. And the thing and that you probably saw this on the website is that we have, you know, we have it's full transparency. So every single day you can log in and see exactly what's happening with each of your players credentialing. And that allows you to, you know, better plan when to start hiring. People when to get an office, when to, like, you know, start marketing, you know, all of those other. It's so important to understand the staging there. So that's part of what we support. And our goal is to get you to be just, like, a really, really profitable practice, because that's ultimately, like, how our business works.
Tomeka Watkins: Oh, I love that. Okay, and so on credentials. And is it 15 or 16 states I have to license
Nathan Peereboom: 15 to 16 or your credentialed?
Tomeka Watkins: No, not credential. I'm sorry.
Nathan Peereboom: We're only licensed.
Tomeka Watkins: Licensed. And I got to count again. It's like 15 or 16. I just looked at my. Nervousness. So I will need to be credentialed in all of those states. I'm not too much worried about Medicare, Medicaid right now because I don't have those people. Right.
Tomeka Watkins: My goal, surely Blue Cross, Blue Shield across the. Because that's the biggest one, United Healthcare. And you know, those big ones for sure.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay? Yeah. I mean, we can. I mean, should you choose, we can get started literally, like, today. Like, we could get this rolling today. You're ready. Okay. Amazing.
Nathan Peereboom: Well, why don't. So we've got three minutes left. Why don't I just walk you through what we need to get started. So I have a list. Let me pull it up.
Tomeka Watkins: And I'm gonna put my notepad, or if I can take a snapshot, either or.
Nathan Peereboom: Yep. And I'm gonna send you a follow up email as well. So you're gonna get an email. Let me see. Do I have your. Okay, so this is the list of things we need from you. We need your state licenses, your DEA certificate. Your malpractice insurance, your NPI number, your CV, a government ID, a W9 and a list of payers. And that's it.
Tomeka Watkins: Okay, I got that. I got that already in one folder already.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay. If you send us the folders, we'll just get rocking and rolling immediately. And again, we just want it to go. We want it to go so fast for you. So the faster you get us these documents, the faster we can send things. Typically, what will happen just because we've done this a little bit. So we kind of know the pattern. You send us a bunch of things. We then have to go verify them. So we go to a bunch of different platforms and there's like, the CAQH platform. We have to go to sam.gov. there's a bunch of different things that we have to check. Once we do that. We'll submit an application. We might ask you to change something. Addresses are the biggest one. Addresses change all the time. Everyone that we've credentialed with has, like, an address problem. So we probably will, like, look at a few things, and if we think something is going to get rejected, we want to fix it now. Because if we fix it in three months, it's kind of like starting the process over. So we want to fix things this week, and then after we do that, we'll submit. The application you'll have to sign to a test like, yep, this information is correct and I do want to be credentialed. And then all of the follow up we handle.
Tomeka Watkins: Okay, cool. And I would like to go to your EHR because I have what I submit my medication to. RxNT. I've been doing that for years, but. And I know that takes a little time, I want to kind of be fast because I know you said timing, but I do want to switch over to everything right now except for the E prescribing right now.
Nathan Peereboom: Except for the prescribing or in addition to the eprescribing.
Tomeka Watkins: Except I want to do everything that you guys offer. Except for the E prescribing right now, because I do. I'm paying for it through rsnt.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, I understand. So in that case, let me sign you up. For a kickoff so that we can get you set up for billing as well. And I know that we're going to wait for these pairs to go through, but what would be great is, like, let's sign the msa and then I'll set you up with Adam. And that way, as soon as you start getting credentialed, you can start seeing people.
Tomeka Watkins: Good, good. Approximately how long does your billing take with, like, Blue Cross, Blue Shield? Well, blue cost Michelle, which is the longest one for the most part.
Nathan Peereboom: For billing or for credentialing?
Tomeka Watkins: Credentialing.
Nathan Peereboom: So it is highly variable. The average is somewhere between, I mean, It's super, super hard. I mean, we have some, like, primera. Like, sometimes it happens in, like, three weeks, you know, like, sometimes it's really, really fast. Sometimes it takes, like, 60 to 90 days. We can't really control anything except our feedback cycle and the speed at which we're delivering that information.
Tomeka Watkins: Appreciate your honesty. And I guess. I'm excited. I'm just so excited. I am.
Nathan Peereboom: I'm really excited, too. Okay, wait. Let me send this to you. Copy. And then if you. Let's see. I just want you to tell me that you received this, okay? Doctor Hill, did you change your last name?
Tomeka Watkins: Do I say, butler?
Nathan Peereboom: Says watkins.
Tomeka Watkins: Oh, no, no, no. Watkins is my married name.
Tomeka Watkins: Okay, that's only on my email. So heal is what I've been using. I never changed it. All right.
Nathan Peereboom: Awesome. That's the other thing that credentialers get all turned upside down on.
Nathan Peereboom: People change their names.
Tomeka Watkins: Oh, my gosh. That's unlike. No, I can't. I'm like, she. 's the I do, but I can't with that one. No.
Nathan Peereboom: It'll miss everything. Love it. Okay, so let me. I just sent you the msa. Can you just verify you got that through DocuSign?
Tomeka Watkins: Okay, cool.
Nathan Peereboom: And then let me show you. I want to just show you the different levels of service here, so you can choose. Let's see. Share. Okay? So there's three different levels of service that you can choose from in the msa.
Tomeka Watkins: So.
Nathan Peereboom: At the lowest level. You know, we do your eligibility checks. We do pairware documentation. We submit link claims. What you really want is you want completer Max because you want us to be chasing claims auto appealing. You want us to keep your payer rules up to date. You want us to look in your bank account detect underpayment detection. You probably want us to manage some collections and you definitely want to have a dedicated billing manager. So you can choose and you can also stair step up. Doctor Hill, you know how we do things. We don't require anyone to sign a contract with us. So sign a committed contract. So this is all at will. You can, like, get out of it and change your terms whenever you want. So what I would do is I would start with something like max or complete, and then, you know, change it around as you see fit. But you definitely want to start on really good footing in the early. In the early days of your new practice.
Tomeka Watkins: What's the difference? Because I would want to go with Max. I like to have most of the things and you could just send me the pricing, I guess, difference. But I'm looking at everything and being on the platforms, I would once go with Max.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. I mean, that's probably the. I mean, that's definitely the best version. And so you can. In the msa, there's a little box. You just click, like Max, and. And then you're good.
Tomeka Watkins: Okay, Because I did get that, yes.
Nathan Peereboom: Awesome. Great.
Tomeka Watkins: I guess I got the msa, and then I'll see.
Nathan Peereboom: Where I. Okay, and then last thing. Can I set up some time for us to get started with the bill? So you're going to send me all the credentialing stuff, but I do want to get started with the billing setup. So that again, everything's just tucked away. So I'm just looking at the calendar. Can you do, let's see, Friday the 20th?
Tomeka Watkins: Friday the 20th. Let me look at my. Do you have any Mondays available? Monday I have, yes.
Nathan Peereboom: How about Monday the 23rd at, like, 1:00pm.
Tomeka Watkins: That'd be great, because this is my time. So. Yes, one day. Monday the 23rd at 1pm did you say?
Nathan Peereboom: Are you? Eastern?
Tomeka Watkins: I'm central standard.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, great. So we'll do 2pm.
Tomeka Watkins: Okay.
Nathan Peereboom: Our time, 1pm Yours. I'm just going to say job. Bill. Kickoff. Perfect. Send.
Tomeka Watkins: Send.
Nathan Peereboom: Vital guess. Okay, great. All right, well, Dr. Hill, I'm super excited. If you could just make sure you sign that msa, that would be great. We can't do any kickoffs before the MSA is signed. So sign the msa, send us the packet of all your documents.
Nathan Peereboom: We're going to send you a link.
Nathan Peereboom: That shows you the progress. You can just click into the link.
Nathan Peereboom: Anytime you want. You can see where your applications are, okay?
Tomeka Watkins: Okay, sounds good. Well, I'm going to get on that now then, before I see patients.
Nathan Peereboom: Sounds amazing.
Tomeka Watkins: Too much. Okay. I appreciate everything. Thank you.
Nathan Peereboom: Take care. Bye.
Tomeka Watkins: Bye.
Nathan Peereboom: Dr.
Tomeka Watkins: Hill, email to send the things to you. Do you want me just send it back to this email with the review and sign or.
Nathan Peereboom: No, not review and sign. Send it to Nate at jots like.
Tomeka Watkins: Okay, gotcha. Okay, sounds good. I will be on that now. Ok.
Nathan Peereboom: All right, perfect.
Tomeka Watkins: All right. Thank you.
Nathan Peereboom: Thank you. Bye, Dr.
Tomeka Watkins: Hill. Okay. Bye. Bye.