Sahil Agrawal: Okay, there we go. Hi there. Okay, I think. I hear you now. I don't think I can. Let me see if she on my side.
Sahil Agrawal: Yeah. Hello there. Okay. Can you hear me now? No. Okay.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Okay. How about that?
Sahil Agrawal: Okay, there you go.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yep. Okay. It was on my side. I apologize. I just needed to restart. I guess.
Sahil Agrawal: Yeah, no worries. I was having some issues too. So.
Jackson Bierfeldt: But. Well, super nice to meet you. Thanks for flying for. You're applying for our summer internship, right? That's what you're looking for specifically.
Sahil Agrawal: Yeah, summer internship. I'm also open to any, you know, like part time during the school year type things. But yeah.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Okay. Just wanted to make sure because there's, you know, we're really primarily looking for summer right now. And I just wanted to make sure that that was on the table. I know you also know Alex Nikolaev through the pickleball club. He told me, or sorry, the RSO. I also went to UChicago, so it's embarrassing that I just said club, but you know, you know exactly what I mean.
Sahil Agrawal: Yeah.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah. So basically, I just want to get to know a little bit more about what you're doing right now, what you're, you know, looking to do kind of as you think post graduation just a little bit of, you know, future planning. What's interesting to you. And then I would like to spend a little time going deeper into just like, how are you using AI right now? Like, what does that look like for you, both in terms of what you're building with AI, how you're using AI to build, how you're using AI, like for your studies, all of that. So that's kind of the major range I'd like to cover. And then of course I'm happy to answer any questions you have about us, the team, the opportunity, all that sort of stuff. So does that sound good for a little agenda here?
Sahil Agrawal: Yeah, that sounds good.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Great. So why don't you just start with, okay, I'll start with intro really quick. Jackson, co-founder and CTO of Jot Psych. You know, we've been working on it for three years now. Just moved to New York, got an office here and, you know, we're looking to just staff out more people who are just builders at heart and ready to work on hard problems with us.
Sahil Agrawal: Nice. That's great. Yeah, sounds good. And I guess for about me, so I'm Sawhill, as you know, go to Chicago, currently a junior studying CS and economics. And yeah, I do think like building things something like I really enjoy more specifically. I think it's really, I find it really enjoyable to help automate workflows, like how to make things more efficient, how to derive like new insights through data. And yeah, I kind of like have some experience doing this in the past as well. So at my last internship at a blackboard capital. I helped build like a research assistant using like RAG, which I later flushed out into like a full like credit analysis pipeline with the intention that you can give like a company name and it'll produce like a whole bunch of analysis and ultimately quite a memo, which can save analysts like days or even weeks worth of time. So yeah, that's kind of what I enjoy. This is a little bit about me. And then like more on like the research side, I've been doing some like research on multi agent RL with the go off like a conference mission in the future. And yeah, I mean like Josh like I've kind of been drawn to Jot psych because as you guys said like you're, you know, you're solving like hard problems. You're automating a lot of the workflows for like clinicians, like especially with, you know, like the original like Scribe idea, but now going more to like jot audit and stuff like that. You see.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah why don't can you tell me a little bit more about your academic interest and you know like like what are you doing in your in your school work and how did it connect to like what you want to do with the next five years of your life? Or does it not connect at all? And just to like be, you know, totally honest about this like I went to UChicago, I studied Germanic studies linguistics literally nothing at all to do with what I'm doing here, you know, so I'm not like looking for you to draw that connection. I just kind of want to know a bit more about, you know, you're like academic versus builder, you know difference. Like you know as well as I do UChicago very heady, very theoretical place. We're kind of looking for people who are like actually down and getting in the mud and get dirty and like build crud apps if that's what it takes to get the next thing done and you know it's not too complicated. So just kind of curious like how you would honestly say you fit into that whole structure.
Sahil Agrawal: Yeah definitely that's a that's a really good question. So. I'd say at the start I was like very much kind of like exploring like I wasn't really sure what I wanted to do. Then I kind of pivoted more towards finance initially. And what I kind of found through finance is like there are definitely some like interesting data problems to solve there. But you know there wasn't a whole lot of like real building. It was more of like okay you're building like a model or something to look at to predict returns or something. But I wanted to go out and like actually build like a product. And so more recently I've been taking some courses in like LMs or NLP and like actually understanding like how does AI work like the transformers and deep learning and all that stuff. And that's been like really cool. Like I can totally see myself you know going deeper into AI and agents and all that stuff. Because I think there's like so much innovation going on there and there's like a lot of opportunity to build cool things. Yeah. So yeah that's kind of where I would say I'm at is I think I've realized. I think building things especially with like AI and like using data to explore this. That's I think where where I want to be.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Cool. Yeah what are like what are you working on right now? Like what are your projects or your side projects or your school work or like what's what are the projects that are currently taking up your time?
Sahil Agrawal: Yeah, for sure. So I guess the I guess like the first thing would be like that research project I mentioned like the RL1. So that one I started last quarter for my NLP class and this quarter I'm kind of like continuing it doing more like interpretability work and stuff like that. And then more on like the kind of applied side I'm kind of building out that credit analysis. Pipeline I was talking about. So like on that front for example like one issue I was having for a long time is like how do you actually get the analytical depth that someone like Moody is dressed in P does. Because like I guess like a brief overview of that pipeline like I you know you give some company name and then it kind of looks like a whole bunch of different data like all the financial statements and the macro data and you know whatever. And then it, you know, run some calculations build some models on it and use all that to produce the result. So I was like I have this like pretty comprehensive data pipeline. But you know the results are very shallow. So like I kind of discovered this more recently is I think the issue was it's not adaptive. It's like a real analyst would maybe look at some numbers like let's say the debt for a tech company is like super high. It would be like this kind of weird because like a tech company like they don't need the capital that like an oil company. For example. So in my original pipeline I would kind of note that as like a ratio move on. But now I kind of added like an extra layer where you know the AI will. You know it'll look at that and then it'll kind of run some further calculations do further research. To kind of analyze that and they'll do that in the loop until it kind of figures things out essentially.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah. How are you structuring how are you structuring loops like that?
Sahil Agrawal: Yeah. So the way I have it done right now is just that you know like first I'll compute like all the basic data points and the calculations and whatever and I'll feed that into the AI and give it like a system prompt that you are given these tools and you're given this data. I want you to spot what's unusual or whatever.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah is this like open AI responses API or enthrall?
Sahil Agrawal: I'm just using open AI right now. But I mean I could easily shift to Anthropic or whatever like earlier I was testing out perplexity. Which admittedly didn't work as well. But yeah. And then yeah basically after it kind of does these tool calls and stuff that I'll kind of feed in that extra data. And then again it'll kind of know that okay what's unusual, what more analysis to do. And the idea is ultimately it will reach a point where it says okay fully understand these issues. And then you know you can move on to the. Next part of the pipeline.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah. How do you how have you thought about getting it to stop once it knows that it's reached a certain threshold? However you set that up.
Sahil Agrawal: Yeah, for sure. So. I guess. The way I have that is I mean basically it will ideally have it so that if it does have issues it'll write you know questions and then specific tool calls. So in an ideal world it should eventually just like stop. It'll say okay no more questions no more tool calls. But yeah what I've done is like I think every like few function calls they'll have another API call and it'll basically just evaluate that okay are we kind of getting too lost in the details here? And it'll kind of like look at the past you know whatever like past three or four responses and note that okay is it going off topic is it still being relevant? So yeah basically I just have like another LLM check like every couple of calls. And then like a hard like stop limit at like you know ten of them or something. Yeah yeah yeah.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Cool and so that team is still using it who's using it right now?
Sahil Agrawal: Yeah so basically so there are kind of like two versions of the projects initial version. Black porn was using it but this version is more something that I'm kind of building on my own.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Okay cool.
Sahil Agrawal: Yeah yeah.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Is your plan to like take it back to them and see if they want to use the newer version or are you trying to productize it like what's your what's your dream state for it?
Sahil Agrawal: Right right. So I think it would definitely be interesting to bring it back to them and kind of see. You know what they think of it and you know how it could be useful. Because I think like as you probably know like a big part of all this is actually understanding if it's useful to the user. So yeah I think ideally maybe one day I'd want to bring it back then as you know like kind of like hey. This is something I've been working on maybe you find it useful yeah
Jackson Bierfeldt: yeah is your sense that they're like still using your first version or was it something where like while you were there everyone was testing it and it was like kind of cool but you don't know what's happened to it.
Sahil Agrawal: Yeah. So when I was building it there I built it basically in like the last like 10 days of my internship pretty much. So my hunch is it was more of like a, you know, this is cool, but you'll probably have to work on further essentially. Like a prototype. Yeah yeah.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Okay cool what about how how else are you using AI right now and like be very specific like I want to know if you're like watering your plants with it if you're cheating on your, you know, problem sets with it. I'm not going to tell anyone you know I just like am curious like how were you using it for all the stuff you do right now?
Sahil Agrawal: Yeah, for sure. The biggest thing would be cloud code. So admittedly I only kind of really discovered Claude code maybe like two months ago or I don't know like let's say two to three months ago and yeah, I mean frankly it's it's a you know, it's a game changer. Like it I you know it just has helped me. Kind of do like exponential progress essentially and I'd say like right now I'm very much in the midst of like figuring out how I can use it better and also how I can control it better. Yeah like I found like for example it'll produce something sometimes it's not great or it'll kind of like miss some parts or you know I feel like it's very so numbness. So that's something I'm trying to like figure out myself right now. And then I've also been trying to experiment more with other tools like cursor curo codex. But if not like you know really got on to dive into those yet.
Jackson Bierfeldt: And then I guess keep up with everything like where do you get your like news or information around like what's new and how you decide what's worth your time or not.
Sahil Agrawal: That's a good question. So I guess the major source is probably just you know like classmates school like I kind of ask and see what other people are using. And try those out. Um the other source I'd say is probably also just LinkedIn like you know you'd kind of see people post that hey you know codex is really good at you know drafting for example or like planning. So then I have like an idea like okay maybe I'll try codecs for that. Yeah that's kind of my main sources I would say.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah okay cool. Yeah so sorry I'm realizing we only have two more minutes here what can I and I can go like one or two over here but what what else can I tell you about Jot Psych or the opportunity so that you can kind of decide if this is interesting to you.
Sahil Agrawal: Yeah for sure. I guess one question I'd have is. You know like where do you guys see yourself going forward? What is what are some of the challenges you're facing right now? That kind of thing?
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah I mean the main the main thing is this transition from hey we built an AI scribe everyone loved it we were early in a certain market to okay that's commoditizing everyone's refrigerator is going to have an AI scribe in it like how do we get people to do the next thing which is like bill with us like going into like billing and insurance workflows and auditing workflows that's where we really put our chips and we're like starting to get the early fruits of that but it's all about execution you know like how fast can we execute on this how high quality can we do it you know based on how fast we're doing it and yeah, I mean that's like the main the main challenge right now is like can we successfully I don't want to say pivot cuz it's not really a pivot just like but grow into this like next level of maturation as a as a company and as a team with a small team that's the other thing we're a really small team and we want to stay small we don't want to go and raise another $8 million just to hire you know 40 people that we not then have to like manage in order to do this. We want to like only hire really high leverage high autonomy people that can like use agents super effectively to get the work of like a 50 person team done with an eight person you know 10 person team.
Sahil Agrawal: Yeah, definitely definitely. Okay nice and the other question I had like what are kind of some of the I don't know if you had an idea on like what types of projects I might do as like a summer intern or where would I be most helpful that kind of thing?
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah, I think the best example is to look at like what our current like school year intern is doing right now and he's helping us build out our like agentic coworker you know we like have this coworker that we call jot who is like in Slack in GitHub in linear you know in notion and we're trying to build like a memory system so it can talk across all those things we're trying to make it so that it can like research and plan over here and then like execute on that and like open up a container and actually make a PR over here and kind of like piping all of that infrastructure together is you know the current project and I think that like I said trying to be a team that like stays super high leverage and on top of like wait how do we use the fact that Anthropic is literally subsidizing like $10,000 of compute for $200 a month right now to our advantage to like you know stay ahead of legacy competitors like anything we can do in that realm that's kind of like tools based or like workflows you know automating our own work I would say is probably the top line answer of like what I would expect for our internship is there will be some like working on the actual product you know we want to make sure that you get the opportunity to do that but like the main dish project would probably be like looking at how the team and specifically how the engineering team works and helping us like do that step back automation work so that we can work faster so that we can like multiply what we're doing.
Sahil Agrawal: Okay interesting. I see I see. Cool yeah that sounds that sounds like a pretty interesting problem. So yeah. Okay great questions.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah, I think that's it so I will get back in touch with you if we go ahead with our little challenge we just have like a you know a take home challenge for you to do that just kind of like lets us see how do you use systems? How do you think about problems you know that sort of thing so that'll that'll be the next step and if you're still interested you can go ahead and do that should be the kind of thing that I takes you know three or four hours you know you can kind of do it on on your own time but you should think of it as like that level of a project and then we'll go from there.
Sahil Agrawal: Okay sounds good.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah thank you Jackson great meeting you take care take care.