tabitha: Signed up in the right. Place.
Emily Kaiser: You are currently using Jot Psych.
tabitha: Not. I knew you guys came out. I talked to Nate about three weeks ago. Okay. And I. And he had told me that. You guys have your EHR now, and I kind of. I'm. I'm in the process of moving into a new EHR. And he's like, you might want to check it out. And I was like, all right. You know, I'll. I'll do that. And then, of course, it got buried in my email. Sure. I never made an appointment. So last night, I got another email. So your marketing campaign is working. And it was about the credentialing and the. And the website stuff. Okay. And I was like, oh, okay. So I need to. I need to make that appointment. So I just logged on to your site. And then I made the appointment to talk to someone today about the EHR is basically. And. And the other, the. The credentialing I already have. I am credentialed, so I don't know how that works. You're already credentialed.
Emily Kaiser: Yeah. Yeah. You could give me just a second. I'm gonna go grab my notebook because I have a whole list of things that will probably be applicable. So can be one quick second.
tabitha: Some chicken. You're not getting any. No, I'm okay. Very good. Charlie. Don't worry. I'll bite you. Did you make it or did you go back from leftover restaurant? This is that cookie underneath. Community. Cook Unity. Oh, really, Lily? That's a first. That really is. Because. Just letting me know that she loves Charlie. She doesn't go to near to any stranger. She did go next to Gabe last time, though. It was really cute. She did it, like, really quick. Just blast stuff away. Yeah, not the vacuum anymore. You just blow it. Oh, my word. Actually, it's really nice for a car, though. Yeah. Parts of the hardest to get clean. Okay.
Emily Kaiser: Sorry about that.
tabitha: And just a full disclosure, I made another meeting after this because I wasn't sure if I made the right. The right meaning with the right person.
Emily Kaiser: So I have another one.
tabitha: Right with you guys after this.
Emily Kaiser: Oh, funny. And with who?
tabitha: Oh, boy. Or Harold Lee.
Emily Kaiser: Lee is one of our Engineers.
tabitha: Okay.
Emily Kaiser: Okay. So let me see here. So there's a lot to touch on. Basically, we are working on. We're getting a lot of feedback from clinicians like yourself that there are just too many systems in place. So Jat psych is working on networking on, but they have introduced job bill drop credential and jot RX, which is e-prescription.
tabitha: So.
Emily Kaiser: Which of those services do you think that would be most applicable for you at this time? I know you're interested in the EHR, which is kind of like an all in one. Are you looking to kind of transfer all of those things? Over to one platform?
tabitha: Okay.
Emily Kaiser: So why don't I walk through. Let me see here. So you currently do not have a JAWSec account.
tabitha: I had one. But it says that my. I don't have any more free. Oh, I probably have made one and tried it and did a month or something.
Emily Kaiser: You did a free trial.
tabitha: But I did pay a month as well.
Emily Kaiser: Oh, okay.
tabitha: Okay. I used it for some time.
Emily Kaiser: Okay, good. Well, I'm. It sounds like you like the system, which was good. Okay, good. So I can just basically give you a little bit more information. So jot RX is our e-prescription where basically you do not have to leave the chart to prescribe. What are you currently doing for prescribing? BRX? Okay, so it's an all-in-one system. Basically, when you. So you're familiar with the notes. When that note produces or when you're in a patient profile, you'll just see a button that says select prescription or prescribe. And you click. We have a partner dose spot.
Emily Kaiser: So basically it opens up a second window of dough spot. And as long as all of that information is in job site, all of that information will transfer over. So to add any information twice, which is great. So no double of the insurance information, patient information, anything like that, you are simply adding the prescription that you or the medication. That you want to prescribe. And the pharmacy information is already in there and everything is good to go.
Emily Kaiser: So you meditation, select your milligrams or whatever it may be, and then you prescribe it, and then you're. It's very good. It's just super seamless, basically.
tabitha: I'm. I'm not so. I need to see, like, an overall view of the. Of the system, like the onboarding process. How you get your consent form signed. How the patient process goes. Like, how do you collect the intake information and how that dumps into my initial intake? Assessment, my appointment? And then follow-up appointments thereafter. Okay. I really need, like, a general overview. I know how to e prescribe. I. Ve been, you know. That. That stuff is not. Obviously, it's something I need. But. They're all different systems, and they all work differently. I'm not too concerned about that. I'm more concerned about the overall process.
Emily Kaiser: Okay. I am trying to get some access here so I can show you my screen. We also do the demo. We do, like, the free trials and our demo accounts, and it looks like my account has ended. So I'm just sending an internal message here to get that activated.
tabitha: How long you guys had your EHR?
Emily Kaiser: We've been making all of these changes since last December. Yeah, December of last year, I would say.
tabitha: So it's been active since December?
tabitha: Like available to use for us. Or.
Emily Kaiser: Well, present it to our first customer was for all of the things. But I think that it has been active since we've been working on it since end of last year, and I believe it's been active since January. But Lee, who you're meeting with after, he, like I said, is an engineer on our team, and he definitely knows. He knows better on those kind of answers. So I know that you want to see my screen and see the system. I'm just waiting for that. Confirmation that my thing is active again, and then I'll be able to share that and show you.
Emily Kaiser: In the meantime, why don't I show you a little bit of job Bill so you can kind of understand that aspect of it a bit more?
tabitha: Do you guys use a clearing house or how does it connect.
Emily Kaiser: What do you mean?
tabitha: Well, let me see the system and then maybe. Maybe. Maybe it will answer my question.
Emily Kaiser: Okay, well, so this is just kind of a PowerPoint to go through job bill. So basically, just as kind of giving an overview of what Jotville is, and it's a combination between AI and everything that JotSec uses already in human billing engineering. So basically, our AI audits, the system, it analyzes each note for payer specific awareness, rules, coding, claim readiness, all of that kind of stuff. And then our human billing specialists come in and they basically validate that. So they manage denials, ensure compliance, and just make sure that all things are good to go before moving through the billing process. So, you know, you're not having any time wasted. Any questions there on just kind of how it generally works? No. Okay.
tabitha: Yeah. And it's only Psychiatry specific there. What if I have, like, medical services as well?
Emily Kaiser: All things behavioral health.
tabitha: All things, Abraham.
Emily Kaiser: Yes. So therapists, psychiatrists, all things behavioral health.
tabitha: So no medical. No.
Emily Kaiser: So because I, I do medical as well. Yep. Yep. Well, we have a lot of nurse practitioners.
tabitha: Is that what you mean? Yeah, I am a nurse practitioner. I mean medical billing is different from Psychiatry billing. It is all medical. But it's Psychiatry is his own little Beast. So when you get, when you get the, the Readiness and the, the data, the audit data from these insurance companies. And you're evaluating for coding accuracy, is it just based on behavioral health or, like, if I do hormone replacement and I'm billing that person's insurance for hormone replacement that is not behavioral health. That, is that going to be applicable? Like, am I going to be able to put in those types of claims and coding?
Emily Kaiser: Yeah, that's a good question. One I haven't gotten before, but I do believe that you would be able to kind of use it as an umbrella, this tool. So I don't think that you would run into any problems, especially if you're using everything under one account. But let me get a better answer for you and I can get back.
tabitha: Okay.
Emily Kaiser: So. Let's see here. There we go. My thing has a mind of its own today. So this is kind of breaking down the process again. So pre encounter before each appointment. So eligibility happens before each appointment because jot bill is confirming your patient's insurance. So just like if you were to use a third party, basically they send, they make sure that they're collecting the insurance cards and all things like that. And then during the encounter, jot psych writes a clean payer aware note. So based off of their insurance, they're applying and tailoring the note to the right visit type CPT codes, their rules and all of those things. To make sure that we're kind of checking all the boxes. After the encounter, when you sign, then dot bill kind of takes over. So jot bill is the human aspect of all of the AI part of it and jot bill checks the coding accuracy. It basically validates all of those things. And then always what you see at the end there, you see the RCM overview, which is basically a monthly financial review where you can look at all things billing so you can see what was billed, paid, denied, fixed. What's worth your time? Just kind of average rates to help you kind of manage your books.
tabitha: Okay.
Emily Kaiser: So we do eligibility checks. Payer aware documentation and coding. These are just a list of some of our payers, but we have, you know, three and others, as you see there. And clean, claim generation. So again, just kind of looking at the different payer quirks and modifying anything based off of insurance. You know, insurance things. Let's see. Probably are, are interested in pricing. So I don't know what kind of percentage is taken from your current biller or for your current biller, I should say. But we work on a few different packages based off of what you're looking for. So you'll see that there's an essential complete and max package, everything ranging from 4% to 8% in all of the things that are included are listed below in the gray.
tabitha: Okay.
Emily Kaiser: So with essentials, which is just that 4%, some people like to start there. We see a lot of people in and that 6% range. But the eligibility checks, payerware documentation, coding and that clean claim generation and submission too. So it is an essential package, but you really do kind of have everything you need. And then any questions on any of the information that we have done. Okay. So basically, this is kind of the breakdown of how you get into job bill. So intro call learning about basically your practice with one of our engineers. And then we look, we learn about your billing pain points. We do a job bill analysis, which is $300, which you can do at any point. Like if you just wanted to start with the analysis, we do have a lot of customers do that. And basically that's just looking at what you're doing now and what's getting stuck, what we could focus your energy on. We look at your whole pipeline basically for billing and just kind of compare and contrast your books and what's working, what's not type of thing. And then we just kind of get started with the process for eligibility checks. It's 90% or 90 cents a check. So we can have your payers, verify your enrollment, all things like that. And that is kind of the gist of it.
tabitha: Any questions on top of the percentage that you all take? Yes.
Emily Kaiser: For eligibility.
tabitha: And then for Collectibles. Is it all collections, even my cash payers? Or is it just collectibles for the insurance?
Emily Kaiser: I believe it's just collectibles for your insurance. I'm writing that one down because that is a good question and I can get back to you on that one too.
tabitha: And I use Alma and grow right now. So that's, I don't have any billing. Happening. So when you ask, you know, how, how I'm paying it now, I use Alma and grow. Okay. They take their own cut. Yes. So is there like a monthly minimum that you need to meet a threshold for the package?
Emily Kaiser: No, I don't believe so.
tabitha: Okay.
Emily Kaiser: What does your customer base like? How many customers would you say you see?
tabitha: Patients? I have about. 300 patients.
Emily Kaiser: Okay, great. Okay. Here. So that's kind of the bit the gist of jot bill. Let me see if my screen is active. Now I can kind of give you the demo. If not, I can go. I have one account that has. The e prescription live in it with like a fake patient. So that's the one I want to use to show you, but it seems like we're having some. Internal issues. Let me see.
tabitha: And then you guys announced some other thing about a website. And start. Yeah, maybe it was at.
Emily Kaiser: Yeah. John start basically, we have a lot of clinicians come to us where they're a part of a clinic right now and they're working on kind of leaning towards private practice. And so this kind of helps clinicians. It's not just for that. But I like to use that example because we are seeing a lot of people do that. But basically it helps, you know, website building, marketing, all things like that.
tabitha: Because there's one package for the, for the EHR. Like, I don't remember. It's the highest one. And it said that everything is included.
Emily Kaiser: Yeah. Yeah. So that would be all of the things that we've spoken about today. Let me think. I'm trying to think if there's anything else. Jot credentialing jot bill jot RX.
tabitha: And then, but then the eligibility checks are on top of that, correct?
Emily Kaiser: Yes.
tabitha: And then what else is not included? Like, do you guys have faxing or anything like that?
Emily Kaiser: We have schedule management. So basically, once you log in to jot psych, you may have noticed that you can manage your schedule on there. And then we have a Chrome extension now, which is the integration. Oh, here we go. Okay, let me show you this. Okay. Can you see my screen?
Emily Kaiser: I can for your patience there. Okay, so because we're talking about schedule, I can kind of hop right over here and show you this. So this is just kind of how you manage your schedule. It's very similar to, like, a Google calendar or anything like that. So basically you can go in, you can see that there is an appointment happening and you can say, okay, this is the patient, this is the type of appointment we're doing. Is it the telehealth session, date, time, reoccurrence, reminders, any forms that are required to send to the patient? All things like that. And then you actually can just go in and start recording here. So if I were to this, I can show you that it brings me over to this page. Go ahead and enable my microphone.
tabitha: Can it connect to the Google calendar? So, so I can block my schedule. On days.
Emily Kaiser: So we had this question last week, and we're working to see if this is something we can do to integrate calendars like that when we're not 100 sure yet. But if we're, if we are able to do it, that's something that we're working on. So let me get back to you on that one, too. Let me write that down.
tabitha: It's going to be a big deal for a lot of people, I think, because I think. Yeah, it's one of the things a lot, lot of EHRs don't have.
Emily Kaiser: I think so. Too. Okay, so as you see, so here we are with John Doe. So I just clicked record right from the schedule, and it brings us here. So you'll see a summary of the last encounter date, what was kind of going on. You can look at demographic information. I don't believe I have anything in here for John Does just a demo medication and any diagnoses. You can add diagnoses. You can start recording and then also you prescribe it. Oh, this is just for location. But as you know, as you used it, you can start recording, so I won't, you know, waste your time here, but you start recording and then it goes, we go back and forth and it produces a note. And this is what the notes look like. So as this kind of loads, I have used John Doe for a few different demos, so you may notice some of the information in here is contradicting. So that's the reason why. But basically you can go here and you can, you know, select what type of. What sections you want to copy and paste over. Copy for selected, or you have the option to copy all sections. And then once you click that, it copies and pastes or copies over to your clipboard, and then you can right click and paste wherever you want it to go.
Emily Kaiser: One thing that may be new.
tabitha: Oh, also, I like. I don't want to do that. I want to look at the EHR system. So I don't want to think about it in a way that I'm going to use this at a different EHR. So that I don't want to, I don't want to waste your time on that.
Emily Kaiser: Yeah. So I totally hear you. Let me show you one more thing on this because it rolls into jot Bill. I don't know if this was a future when you used it, but you see that there's an edit and there's an audit now. Okay. The audit is basically you have 40 free audits and then audit. You basically list in list in the job bill and that's how you get that feature. But what it's doing here, and I don't know if it will flag anything because this is a fake note basically with some not so correct information because I've been using it a few times, but it will flag certain things in your note in comparison to that patient's insurance in the billing codes that it's suggesting. Okay. So you will see that there. Kind of went over everything as far as jot bill, jot audit, the e prescription. Is there anything else specific to the EHR that you wanted to see today?
tabitha: I guess I'll meet with the next guy. He might have some, some more technical stuff. The job coach. What is that? I don't think I've ever heard of that even.
Emily Kaiser: Yeah. So here we go. Okay. Can you see this?
tabitha: Yes.
Emily Kaiser: So basically, this is just helping you if you are out of practice or if you're at a clinic. If you're the owner of the clinic, it is helping your clinicians kind of standardize looking at everything as a whole and either putting rules in place or whatever it may be to kind of make sure that we are making, making sure everybody's on the same page.
tabitha: Okay.
Emily Kaiser: So better care, better documentation.
tabitha: All right.
Emily Kaiser: All right.
tabitha: I think that's it. And then maybe he can show me some other, I don't know. Some other stuff. I just kind of want to see the whole intake process and, like, how that.
Emily Kaiser: I think that would be good. I so I think it'll be in good hands with Lee of seeing different things, but I think it might be important to also set you up with a call with Nate because he can kind of show you more of the implementation and how it would really, like, be attached to your day to day. Stop sharing my screen here and let's put a tentative time on the calendar. Okay. Okay. So let's see. Do you want to, is this something you wanted to do this week?
tabitha: I mean, I can do it as soon as today or tomorrow. The rest of the week is booked.
Emily Kaiser: Okay, let me go over to.
tabitha: And I'm Eastern. I'm Eastern time.
Emily Kaiser: Okay. We are Eastern, too. Let me find his link here. Okay, so what is your day look like tomorrow? What time would be best?
tabitha: Well, morning. Would be great after 9 30 up until. Probably noon.
Emily Kaiser: Okay. Could we do an 11 30.
tabitha: Yeah, that should work. Okay. As long as. Yeah, let me. Yeah. As long as I'm done. By 12 30, I should be good.
Emily Kaiser: Okay. So I am just sending this over. And this. Is this a good email for you?
tabitha: Yeah, whatever. Whatever the Tabitha at Prana will. I have too many.
Emily Kaiser: Mix. No problem. That works. Okay, great. So I will send this follow up. And then just to make sure I'm getting you all the correct information tomorrow, because I know you're meeting with Lee today, too. Is this something that you're. I know you're with. Grow now. Is this something you are looking to kind of roll out in a practice right away? Or what is your. What's the idea here with jatik and kind of what you're hoping for?
tabitha: It would be very soon because that's the reason why I made this today, is because I'm like three quarters or maybe half of the way into already a new EHR. So before I go all the way, I just want to. Give this a good look and make sure. And so it would be soon. Like. And that's the other. I I mean, I have tons of questions, but that's the other big question that I have is like, how quick? I know he had told me that it's a quick turnaround. And I think sometimes people say that, but they don't understand all the work that we got to do on our end. Like, I gotta update my consent forms and all that stuff. But. I'm just trying to get an idea of what that would look like. Okay.
Emily Kaiser: Definitely. Definitely understand. Okay, so I will send follow-up meeting. You'll see it tomorrow for 11 30 to 12 30. And again, we can adjust anything based off of anything that comes up. But thank you very much for your time.
tabitha: I appreciate it. All right, have a good one.
Emily Kaiser: You too.