Becca Bressler: Hey, how are you?
Lisa Anderson: Doing well? How are you?
Becca Bressler: I'm good. It's nice to see you.
Lisa Anderson: Yes, it's been a while.
Becca Bressler: I know it has been a while. And here I am asking you to test something new, but then also coming with you coming to you saying, and I want you to test a second thing that's coming new next week if you're open to it. So let me talk about what we're doing like today, and then I can talk to you about like what we're hoping to roll out next week. And I would love your brain thinking on or feedback. So quickly, let me, I just need to get you. Like, oh, sorry, I had a little brain fart. This new feature, turn it on for you. So what we are. What we've what we're building is a chatbot. That you can query to ask questions about your patients. Which is a thing we've heard from people that they're interested in. And hold on one second. I'm trying to find. One second. I'm having like some difficulties technically.
Lisa Anderson: Oh, no worries.
Becca Bressler: But yeah, basically I think would be putting it on the recorder page because we know like in session is maybe when clinicians are going to have like questions about their patients if they want to like surface things that have come up in the past, but also in the patient page specifically. So when people are going there looking for information related to their patients, they can surface information that is getting pulled across, you know, different documents, et cetera. So here, this is finally working. So do you want to go ahead and share your screen with me? Johnson and then I'll kind of walk you through what we can do.
Lisa Anderson: Entire screen. Let's see.
Becca Bressler: Okay. Great got this on for you which means if we were I mean first of all is that a feature that you've ever been like interested in or would be like.
Lisa Anderson: I mean just thinking like you know right off the bat. My current EHR doesn't have a way to track vital signs for example so something like you know what was the patient's lost blood pressure where I could just easily ask it so they're having to go through previous notes or what you know remind you what the patient is studying at college and what I go to yeah I would love it.
Becca Bressler: Amazing so can we so here's what I want to do I want you to like pick a patient maybe it's an upcoming patient I want to walk through like a real scenario of like and to look at the types of questions that you would be asking and what that means is like I almost want you to monologue for me like what are you asking what are you getting back and what are you expecting to get back right because like part of what we're measuring here is like is this is the system answering your questions is it accurate and is it answering them to your liking right? Are you getting too much information too little information? Do you feel like you're having to follow up too much kind of all the but I'm just going to kind of watch you use it.
Lisa Anderson: Okay. Let's see so where do I get to that feature.
Becca Bressler: So you would go to a patient's page you would go click click the patient or go to the patient's page okay. Do you ever spend time on this page to like retrieve old notes or to anything like that?
Lisa Anderson: Sometimes but like when I'm let's see when I'm recording yeah I like to do like look up here and I've been going up here because this has been very convenient for me. I do go back there if I'm looking at you know the PHQA or whatever because I need them I need to know what that is yeah but as far as like looking at old notes it's I would love that future that you're talking about
Becca Bressler: too yeah yeah yeah great okay so refresh your page for me. Okay so there's this little like circle in the bottom right corner this is our little like patient bot so I just kind of want to like watch you ask questions and hear what you think of the answers you're getting.
Lisa Anderson: And real quick is this only going to be like available like in their page like where I'm at right there or will it be available like when you're recording as well that's ultimately where yeah awesome okay so let's see like for this patient maybe I want to know what's the patient's height at the last session she's a child.
Becca Bressler: Yeah and feel free to like monologue all your thoughts okay like if it's taking too long or if it's a yeah
Lisa Anderson: take definitely taking a good while because that's the most common question from children is how tall was I at the last appointment and I'm like I don't know so I'd have to go into my EHR and like scroll down to the previous node and find out this is taking a little bit longer than what I would expect it to have been taking. Because the kids giving ANSI by now and probably is like I'm done.
Becca Bressler: Oh man I wasn't able to put the detailed note from the most recent session I'm unable to access the full content right now okay this is good to know I don't know why that would be.
Becca Bressler: Because it definitely is in there can you try again what would happen if you said can you try again I'm just I'm just curious.
Lisa Anderson: From February.
Becca Bressler: Okay so this is saying it's now trying to access the previous session from February getting the same access error. There's a system preventing me from accessing it. Can you ask a different question let's let's see what else like if you ask about the PHQA or something like that.
Lisa Anderson: Taking a little bit longer than what I would expect because I could easily just go to this screen and just see that. Let me see. The little icon though that you have I'm sorry but it looks like it's like mad or angry.
Becca Bressler: Oh that's yeah good to know good to know.
Lisa Anderson: Yeah this little guy right here it's like that little like straight line it looks like it's mad. I just wanted to point that out okay so it did pull that. Five and so and then April was nine. Okay.
Becca Bressler: That that's actually pretty cool issues records here's the comparison February 16th okay
Lisa Anderson: that's pretty cool actually so that's that's nice so yeah what
Becca Bressler: happens when you say would you like me to pull up the most recent note see what's changed I'm again now I'm kind of directing you but I'm like why am I working so let's just try it.
Lisa Anderson: In the most recent note to see what's changed.
Becca Bressler: Okay okay okay okay okay so this is good to know so let's try asking other questions and I'll follow up on this but okay.
Lisa Anderson: The patient and. They go to. That is something that I have documented every time and it should carry it from no to note to note but sometimes for whatever reason it does not so but even if I don't if I'm live with the session it doesn't show up in that little preview thing so I like to know well how is eighth grade going or whatever the case may be. Just to make sure that you know they know I'm paying attention to what school they're in and whatnot. So this would be a question I would ask frequently for kids and oh no okay.
Becca Bressler: Okay so it looks like so I'm just going to read it out loud so Lisa asked what grade is the patient in and what school do they go to? The patient assistant says I don't see greater school information in the clinical summary, which means that it's only looking at the clinical summary the patient looks like it. And the grade would be in the note.
Lisa Anderson: Yeah. That should be in the in the actual note itself because I normally put in their patients in like whatever grade in attends whatever school. And I update that you know
Becca Bressler: what did you say can you can you check again it should be in the know can you check again? And maybe say which node are you looking at and we can like even confirm it. Should be the note from April for February.
Lisa Anderson: Or February sorry. That was a typo that's okay.
Becca Bressler: These chatbots are so good. At like parsing typos my spelling has gotten so bad with typing yes I was just talking about those colleagues last night it's like you know I found the February encounter but it doesn't include the specific grade or school name can we open it? I actually just kind of want to confirm that it's
Lisa Anderson: there maybe I should confirm that yeah.
Becca Bressler: Just because if it is like you know this is.
Lisa Anderson: Should be. Okay. Actually that's not in there that's interesting okay well I did was accurate for that one.
Becca Bressler: About okay so it wasn't in the note so but maybe if we found a different if we picked a different patient
Lisa Anderson: we could see or different cells real quick because maybe it was. No okay that's interesting yeah let me see here so if I go. Okay she's at school. Okay. What university does this patient attend? Seeing where she's at? I think she just got into graduate school.
Becca Bressler: I don't see university in the demographic data. Can you say or yeah yeah what would you say next I
Lisa Anderson: want to tell you what I would probably say okay well when did I just saw this patient. Okay. There we go. As per the last note what university.
Becca Bressler: Okay so now we're having to direct it specifically to look in the last note yes because it only looked in demographic information before.
Lisa Anderson: Okay. At least it's like looking at earlier encounters
Becca Bressler: I apologize I'm unable to access the note content. Still in progress it's not in progress so that.
Lisa Anderson: Is.
Becca Bressler: Interesting oh interesting is it unsigned can we go to it like is it possible that it's saying because it's unsigned it's not querying
Lisa Anderson: yeah I don't sign these notes because it's not my EHR yeah it's completed oh it's completed so that shouldn't
Becca Bressler: I mean that shouldn't matter you should be able to query it regardless but that is helpful that it was saying it's in progress when it's when it's not.
Lisa Anderson: And I do have that in that note right there so it is there.
Becca Bressler: Okay what other things like again you know my
Lisa Anderson: so if I can maybe see. I would probably say oh does this patient have a job? Work at. Last but I'll actually specify that. See if she if it pulls up that she has a job or not. The note is not currently accessible. Okay. See if it does that. Documented in the history section of clinical notes particularly at the intake that's not true
Becca Bressler: but running into technical issues accessing.
Becca Bressler: Clinical can't look at any of the note content okay well. I might say we should not continue on with this because this is like a key part of the thing but it's helpful for me to get a sense of the questions you would ask so I'd love to reach out to you after we address some of this stuff. To just make sure it's like working the other thing I want to ask you if you'd be willing to try for us is we are like redoing this page and one of the things we're trying to do is. You a prototype of it so give me one second.
Lisa Anderson: Should I stop sharing?
Becca Bressler: Yeah yeah you can stop sharing off your mind. So one of the things that we are trying to do is you know what do we know some people go to patient pages for right they want to be caught up on the status of their patient they want to see what they're on and one of the things we're trying to do to like add value is help clinicians keep track of certain things that maybe they didn't think remember right so what's something that came up in the previous session for the first time that you might want to remember or what's a trend that's happening across sessions that you might want to like remind yourself to talk about in the session so this is kind of and you're seeing a prototype right now so it doesn't actually work but I would love to turn this on for your account next week once we have it. Like working with it.
Becca Bressler: Like yeah I know this isn't your EHR so that's so so the value you would get out of it is like is more limited in that way but but it sounds like you are looking at medication information sometimes or last session summaries and like just at a gut level Lisa. Like do these types of reminders seem like they would be helpful for you?
Lisa Anderson: I do I think that especially like something like you know last session like if I made like a medication change then like it for it to pop up and say you know hey medication change you know this was changed from last session make sure you ask about this yeah. Even if like there's a well. When I eventually I do plan on transferring over to you guys completely I'm just. I'm trying to get my new business like my new permanent location set before I do all that's a lot of work to transfer an EHR over but whenever I do like transfer that over to have like a. If it's like a significant jump in like a PHQ or GAD score or something like that or decline I would love to have like that on there like you know we've noticed a new trend or something and they say like you know PHQ is dropped from 21 to there you go yeah it's like I would love to see that like on the actual page yeah like really easy like that that would be that would be great yeah
Becca Bressler: and are my like belief here is that a lot of these EHRs organize information by data type right so it's like you look for your forms here you look for your this here you look further this here but it's not oriented around like real clinical questions of like how is my patient doing what's new you know what's like and then you know if you need to if you have a question like did they fill this out or did I send this form or did I you know you can get that you can get to that information easily by you know that's sort of the like thinking behind this and especially because we know for instance Medicare is going to be more oriented around outcomes right like that's going to be so important it's like okay what are what do a lot of clinical questions or what are a lot of reasons people might come to the patient page and can we organize the information in a different more intuitive way one is about care one might be like oh did I send that document or did they fill that out or oh you know and so in that case you know here it's like what's been done okay well you know pending these are what's pending these are my previous notes payments you know so so we're trying to kind of rethink how the information is organized oriented around the actual questions clinicians are asking instead of like hunting what's your reaction to what you're seeing though just like kind of at a first glance
Lisa Anderson: I like it yeah I do like it I think especially when I. Switch over completely to you guys I that would be. Excellent the only that for the diagnosis of meds right there. I don't think there's a way right now to associate like a medicine with the diagnosis
Becca Bressler: or isn't but that's something we're working that's something we're building yeah okay yes heard that a lot so yeah making sure so this is like a current state of where it's unlinked but you can imagine a world where it's linked right so then this is the sort of diagnosis with the particular medication and then you can open it up and it kind of has it like this. But my I do have a I am curious like what is your reaction to the way the information is organized? Like my theory for instance that like you know there's like how is my patient doing like these are like you know the status the last session trends and then there's like the questions around like did I send this did they fill that out did I get paid did this claim go through is like what's been done and so that's kind of like do you do these feel right to you as far as like the way this information is organized.
Lisa Anderson: Absolutely I think it definitely feels right that the only thing that I would probably add there if possible I don't know if it's been brought up or not is you got the assessment scores there it would be great to have like a chart with regards to the vital signs and the weight as well the flow chart for because that's super super important for like stimulant medication certain medications to be able to track a child's weight over time. I would love to have that on there as well just so I can check that but I love the organization I think it's great.
Becca Bressler: And it feels intuitive to you that like you could come here with the question whether it's how's your patient doing whether it's did I send this form whether it's did they pay me and you feel like you could figure out how to get to where you need to go pretty easily.
Lisa Anderson: Yes yes I think it's very I love the summary-ish type version of it. It's very it's awesome when it comes to that that's actually really excellent.
Becca Bressler: Yeah and then as far as like this feels. Clear like that this is where you might go to surface things like what's pending or what's you know been sent for instance.
Lisa Anderson: Yeah are you guys going to have the labs integrated in like electronically
Becca Bressler: we will need to you know to like be we know that that's something that is important for users it's not like our it's not like on our immediate immediate roadmap but it's definitely something we know we have to work towards but and then as far as this other question so so so yeah I was trying to think about like the various questions clinicians have when they come to a patient page right as I've mentioned it's you know how are they doing or treatment plan or did this happen yet did this get filled out? And then the third one was like am I covered and it was around like insurance payment etc like do you feel like any so so actually Lisa like one of the reasons I want to turn this on for you is I want to know what you think about the cards that you're getting and if they're helpful to you I want to know if it fits in your workflow like you like you might say hey those cards are really helpful but I just like never go to the patient page at the right time. You know what I mean like I never I never seeing them in the moments I would need to see them for them to be helpful or you might say hey Becca. I liked these questions that you had but realist but I've but a few things have come up where I've wanted to learn something and it wasn't obvious to me where to find it you know what I mean like I'm wanting to like pressure test the organization against real clinical questions and I know we're not your EHR so it might be actually hard to surface like that insight but those are kind of the things I'm trying to to get from from user feedback here. So yeah I would love to turn this on for you once we have it ready
Lisa Anderson: yeah that would be that would be great. Can I ask a quick question about like you know transferring over to an EHR so I've been trying to get better but I'm not that good at it even even today but when I do the note in jot psych I try to edit it in jot psych and I transferred over to the EHR but there's times when I transfer over to the EHR and it's just easier for me to modify it in the actual HR so the notes that are in Jot psych especially at the very very beginning like January February of last year or so and started using it are like not accurate like at all because I wasn't modifying anything is there a way to like separate it from when I do become like an actual full blown EHR to say that the previous notes are not the medical record because they're not accurate. Is there a way to do that?
Becca Bressler: So if they're unsigned I don't think that they would be like captured as the medical record right because they're unsigned notes. It's a great question so when you get ready to transfer over I should confirm with my team about that but I think that because the notes are unsigned there's no issue or liability there but I imagine you would need to still be holding on to your other notes. Too. It's it's a good question and you're not the first person that would be transferring over to us previously not having used us as an EHR and then suddenly so I don't think there should be an issue here. I'm really excited that you. Game to try this and I would even be curious I know that you're not currently using this as an EHR but like I would almost be and I know you're so busy so like please only do this if if it if it you know if this interests you but like if you do have a question that you're going to simple practice to try and answer about your patient I would be curious for you in a moment to be like oh where would where would I find this in Jot Psych and like is it obvious to me do you know what I mean like even though we won't have the information it's like really helpful to know if we've organized these sections in a way that's useful. So yeah that would be awesome.
Becca Bressler: Absolutely awesome Lisa you're the best as usual let me all reach out to you once we're like ready to put this on your account and then set up a call you know like a week later or something and I can just check in with you about how it's going.
Lisa Anderson: Awesome thank you so much appreciate
Becca Bressler: thank you okay we'll be in touch I'm really excited about this yes thank you.