Nathan Peereboom: You're totally fine. How's your Wednesday kicking off?
skent: The mornings are always busy with trying to get people in and then staff and meetings. Just another morning.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, I get you. Are you guys up in the Boston area, Is that right?
skent: Yeah, we're a few miles north of Boston. Okay, cool.
Nathan Peereboom: Are you, like, a lifelong Bostonite?
skent: Yes. I grew up like the next town over from here.
Nathan Peereboom: Oh, cool. All right.
skent: Where are you from?
Nathan Peereboom: I'm from Cleveland originally, but now we Live in Washington, D.C. but I used to work at a company up in Boston, so I used to be involved. I probably spent the first two years of my career. I was probably in Boston for, like, 50% of the time. But I worked at this consulting firm and I never left the financial district. I would fly in to the airport. I'd, like, take a taxi through the tunnel. I'd get popped in a hotel, and I would just work there and then leave. Sometimes I'd take the Amtrak back, but I didn't really get to experience Boston until I had a friend who went to hks, and then I would come up and see her sometimes. But. Yeah, no, I know love and have suffered in Boston. Me too.
skent: And we're about, like, two towns north. It's Boston. And then it's Somerville and then Medved and Winchester. So we're like. Like those two are cities. Like, we're in, like, a suburb, like, right on the MedFit line. So cool. Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: Well, that's awesome. I hope one day we get to come up and see you, because it'd be awesome to see, like, that environment and just to have another excuse to come up there. But, Stephen, I know. I know you're busy. I know you've got a lot going on. I want to be careful with your time. And so here's what I'm thinking for this. For this meeting, one, I want to just introduce myself. I want to get to know you a little bit, like, understand, you know, what your environment is, what kind of patience. You all see how your clinic operates, and then I'd love to tell you about this offering that we have around billing. And if it's the right fit, I'll tell you. Hey, I think this could help you. If it's not, then, like, I don't want to waste either of our time. So I'll be, like, super clear if I'm like, hey, I actually think we can't be that helpful. Our philosophy as a company is that we're a tiny company. We only serve around 3,000 clinicians. We're not like, huge, but we're substantial. But our philosophy is that we want every single person who interacts with us to have such an amazing experience that they go and tell other people about it. And so part of that strategy is we decline work where we don't think we can have a huge impact because we're only interested in people referring us by word of mouth, et cetera, et cetera. My name is Nate. As you know, I'm the CEO and co founder of Job Psych. We are the AI operating system for a practice we're particularly focused on serving behavioral health clinics. That want to get paid fairly for the work they do. And want to have a unique level of insight into how their documentation world and their billing worlds interact. Because they do. Those worlds should be put together. No one has put them together. Ehrs separate them. Billing companies don't really understand the medical side as well. There is a marriage to be had here and that's what our software is all about. Let me pause there. Yeah. Bring me into your universe. Tell me about your practice. Tell me about your clinic. Help me understand the world you live in.
skent: Yeah, so just real quick. Just a question before I forget. Does your AI does that integrate with? So there's two things we use. We use Khipu for all of our documentation and then so we have a third party billing company that does our billing and they use Collab MD for like tracking and everything. So I combined the two for an integration.
Nathan Peereboom: So we can push and pull from Q through this chrome extension thing we have.
Nathan Peereboom: Same thing with Collab md, but it's not like our recommended way to do it. But we can talk about. We can talk about that. If it's really important to you, we can make it happen.
skent: Yeah, no, I was just more so curious on how you pull the information. But I'm sure you'll get into that.
Nathan Peereboom: The crown jewel of our software is our AI scribe. So we started out. As an AI Scribe company. And what was great about being what is great about being an AI Scribe company is that we have all the nuance from the visit. But what we do is we take. And I'll walk you through this, but we basically take the nuance from the visit. We combine it with your payer documents and the rules that come from them to write the perfect documents.
Nathan Peereboom: So that you have a note that is audit defensible. You have a claim that matches the note. And you have all the other documentation for making sure that that claim doesn't get denied.
Nathan Peereboom: So that's the, you know, that's like, kind of like the nutshell. And because of that, we are sort of trending away from integration because we don't want to rely on other data, like, you know, other sources of truth.
Nathan Peereboom: We kind of want to own. The data that we're using, embedding that we're billing on.
skent: Okay? Cool. So, yeah, let me tell you about insight. Right, so we are php iop level of care. With some op clients. Right, but that's more so just, like, as a transition. And our census is average around 60 total clients. We have been in a Harvard Pilgrim audit in the past. Which we ended up getting out of and now are, you know, back on track. But I don't know if you heard about Massachusetts, but they audited everyone. Every single php iob.
Nathan Peereboom: Wow.
skent: Yeah. Whether you had something or not, they. They came up with things. They were like, hey, you did this wrong. So, yeah, they were just reaching because they were losing money. But, yeah, so we have, you know, one NPI number. But we have two separate, I guess, locations within our business. It's all here in Winchester, same building, but on Khipu, it's, you know, separate. To two separate locations. We have Insight Recovery Mental Health, and then Insight Recovery Treatment center, which is the substance use program. But it's all the same, Khipu. For billing. I don't know if you ever heard of them. We use Aftermath Billing out of Florida.
Nathan Peereboom: Aftermath? Man, what a graphic name.
skent: Yeah, I know. Yeah. Yeah, and it's actually owned by this kid I went to high school with up here in Stone over who went to treatment down there, worked for a billing company. And then started his own down there.
Nathan Peereboom: Well, that's awesome. That's really cool. Okay.
skent: Yeah. And then, you know, I just, you know, so I'm the executive director, so I work with the clinical directors to make sure. And we've done a lot of research and a lot of reviewing. We also have a third party consultant. To make sure that our group notes, progress notes and everything is up to standard.
skent: But still, that's a lot of reviewing on my end. In the clinical director's end. And then, yeah, like, as far as billing, like, our process is, you know, I have a, I have a, you know, a shared Google sheet and I type in IOP or php, depending on the person's attendance. But then I have to go back and check the group notes to make sure that they were in group. You know we have, like, certain billing discrepancies that way. And then as far as tracking claims. It's Collab MD and then tracking paid claims. I have my own Excel spreadsheet. So I have every client, every bill date, and then as they get paid, I kind of just put in the dollar amount that was paid. It's a little archaic. Right, but it's what I did to start that way. Like, I'm not just solely relying on our billing company. I'm doing my own tracking.
Nathan Peereboom: What does the billing company actually do?
skent: So they do utilization review, Right? They obtain the authorization for each client for the level of care. Right? So like, you know, after we do, like, the biocyc and the intake, they take the information, they call our fax Blue Cross or, you know, whatever insurance company to obtain the auth, they do the AUTH reviews. And then as far as billing, you know, we have. We have weekly billing, and they actually submit with the. With the billing code. And then whatever claims that they like, documentation that they need. To the insurance company.
Nathan Peereboom: And it's all through Collab md, right?
skent: Yeah, so that's. That's what they use. I'm not sure on their end if they have other, you know, platforms or anything that they use. Right. But.
Nathan Peereboom: But that's.
skent: That's the one that I have access to, which has all the claims and. You know, I can find all. Everything that they send me for, like billing and Auth. I can find through there too, so.
Nathan Peereboom: Gotcha. Do you feel like you understand what's going on in your billing world?
skent: Not 100% at all. No. Right. Because I'm more so. So, like, you know, they also do, like, all the insurance contracts and. And all that, which is kind of a pain. Yes. And I want nothing to know about. Right. I don't care. Just. You do all that stuff. But as far as the billing. I, you know, I would like to have more of a finger on a pulse as far as tracking, you know, because, like, I. I go through, you know, past claims, Anything over 60 days out. And then, you know, from my spreadsheet, and I send it to them. Hey, can you, you know, double check that? Like, we didn't receive these payments because I don't have a record of receiving them, you know, so. Like, like the initial billing, yes, but the follow ups, you know, I just. That's where, you know, there's a lot of money in the, you know, over. 90 day. You know what I mean?
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah.
skent: Yeah, so that's my real concern is, like, you know, tracking the claims that have, you know, either been denied or. Just they receive the vote, just haven't paid for some other reason, you know, that way I can have them call and follow up on.
Nathan Peereboom: Steven, do you? Do you guys bill mostly, like, procedure codes, or are you doing continuation of care? Like, how. How does that work for your.
skent: Like, what's the ratio? Yeah. So it's. It's all CPT codes. Hold on. I can tell you what codes if you're familiar.
Nathan Peereboom: I'm very familiar. For better or worse, I know my CPT codes.
skent: All right, so we do. It's loading. So mental health I.O.P. s 9, 4, 80. Substance use iop h00 15.
Nathan Peereboom: Php h0035 oh, you guys are doing H cuts. Okay, gotcha.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, do you see a lot of Medicare and Medicaid patients?
skent: So we just got our Medicaid contract for Wellsense and Fallon, so if I'm looking through last week's billing, I'll tell you what we do from Medicaid. So, cody, so substance use php s0201.
Nathan Peereboom: Great. Okay, so I kind of have a sense. Stephen, what is the thing that. Kind of made you want to schedule this meeting. What's the thing where you're like, hey, yeah, like, there are pieces in place. We have a billing company. We've got software. But I'm, like, curious. I being you curious about something different? What was. What's the problem that you want to solve? Right now, here.
skent: So, to be honest, this was mostly set up by John. He just thought it would help. It just kind of get. Like I said, more of a finger on the pulse with Billing, right? You know, to make sure documentation's all good and that, like, where, like, billing accurately and like, to, like, not miss any billing. You know?
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. Maybe I can just show you what we have. I have a recommendation for you at the end of this that's going to just be a toe dip. The recommendation is going to be for what we call our jot. No, it's a one time service where we basically just look through your collab MD and have a bunch of engineers and analysts basically build an analysis of, like, what you're billing. You know what you're being charged, what your contracts say. The difference between what you're billing and what your contracts say. Where money is getting lost or delayed. And then what? We recommend you change based on that data. We do it, like, super cheaply. It's like a 301 time thing. And the reason we do it. Is because we believe that it's such a good experience for people that oftentimes they want other things afterwards.
Nathan Peereboom: So that'll be, like, my recommendation to you. But let me just show you kind of our philosophy of billing and how we approach things so that you can decide if that makes sense for you, okay?
skent: Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: All right, cool. All right, so let me first bring you into the software, just because the easiest way to see this is here, okay? So. As I mentioned, we're an AI Scribe. So you record an encounter. You just click, start recording, you pick the appointment type, which is basically the template, and you're delivered what we call a note. And when you come into a note. You're delivered an audit. Now, I know you guys probably don't do 99213. It sounds like, by the sound of it.
skent: No, no.
Nathan Peereboom: But whatever the encounter reveals and we preload what your codes are, we'll basically tell you based on the transcript and based on the note. Hey, Stephen, this is what we think that code, or this note is. This is what we think you should code it as. And then based on that code and the Payer documents, we'll say, hey, here are the rules that you're missing in this note. If you know. If you know, Harvard Pilgrim is going to come and look at this note. Build like this. Here's what we think that they're going to find and potentially deny you based on. And then you can just click the little pen and we'll fix it for you. Now at a practice owner level. This is all through a program called JOT Audit. And so what audit is.
Nathan Peereboom: Is it's a collection of rules. That you add by giving us your documents. And you can see which rules you're in compliance for and which you're out of compliance for.
Nathan Peereboom: You can also click into those rules.
Nathan Peereboom: And you can see how the practice is changing over time. You could see how providers rank on those roles.
skent: And you can change them.
Nathan Peereboom: So you can. You can go in and you can make. You know, you can make whatever modifications you want. You can disable the role if you don't like it.
Nathan Peereboom: You can find exactly the notes that are in violation, and then you can go, you know, discover what else would need to be changed about them. In order in order for the note to be high quality. So sorry.
skent: I have a question on this. Right, sure. So I have. I have. About six clinicians and three interns. Would they be able to use this, like, daily, right, while they're doing their notes? Like, would they be able to do their note and then type it into here, and then it would, you know, adjust it so it's compliant? Or is it just after. Is it more like an audit review after the fact?
Nathan Peereboom: You're seeing the clinician view here, so the. The God eye view is just for you.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, but this view, this is for the clinician. Like, every single note has an audit. And so your clinician is able to fix this note before they sign it, and you're able to decide, hey, I don't want anyone to sign a note unless they have PDMP reviewed or something like that. You know, you can have like, basically gates where you say, hey, I, Steven, want to make sure that every single note has the like these elements.
Nathan Peereboom: And I'm actually going to prevent the software from allowing the signing of a note unless it has those elements. And you can make exceptions, of course, but. But this is a clinician view. This is a feedback loop where we want clinicians to see the connection between the billing world and the documentation world and be able to prevent a note from being signed and then needing to be amended and creating that paper trail that can be litigated. Because every time you edit a note, every time you unsign and sign a note, The way that a litigator, the way that a board, the way that an insurance company sees that is okay.
Nathan Peereboom: The clinician wrote probably what was true the first time.
Nathan Peereboom: And then an administrator who's optimizing for billing.
Nathan Peereboom: Told them to fix it. And so anytime you can create a great first draft, You are limiting the liability your business takes on when it comes to submitting.
skent: Yes.
Nathan Peereboom: Just to kind of like show you the whole. The whole program. So you can do that. You know, you can use, you know, jot Psych and jot audit as is. But, you know, the dream for us is we run, like, basically a full service billing engine. So our audit system analyzes each note for pair specific roles. You just saw that. We code accurately based on those rules. You saw that.
Nathan Peereboom: But then in the back end, what we do is we actually, like, will sign and take over the entire billing process. So all that your clinicians need to do is basically adhere to the rules. You know, sign the note. And then we take on all the chart auditing, we take on all the claim submission, you know, we will, you know, generate that clean claim. We'll do all the eligibility checks. We'll then post and then do automated appeals and underpayment detection. We can even bill your patients if that's something that you need. I'm going to leave pricing for later. The thing, though is that we always start with this thing. And this is again where I think you might be interested. We always start with a jot bill analysis. We always start out by saying, hey, let us come and just look at what you're earning today. Where money is getting to later lost. And what changes would unlock the most impact. So this might be interesting to you. The other option. I think this is one option. The other option is just saying, hey, I want all my clinicians to start using JotSec as their AI scribe. And just having this experience, and I want to do that for, you know, for a month. And then I want to figure out if I want to go forward based on that. So let me. Let me ask. Do either of those seem like attractive options to you?
skent: Yeah. So I. I just have a question about workflow. Right with this. So would they just type their note into this? And then copy it into Kipu or, like, do everything in Khipu and then they go over to this app or the cmr.
Nathan Peereboom: Everything starts in jot Psych. So whether you're recording the encounter, Or you're dictating in, or you're typing in. The original primary source is all in. Job psych jots then creates the note for you.
Nathan Peereboom: And then you copy and paste that into kipu if you want to keep using qpu.
skent: Okay. Yeah. All right, cool. That's on. I'm just trying to, you know. I don't want to confuse people. I want to make it easy, but I want it to be as compliant as possible.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. Let me show you kind of what our pilot program looks like, in case you're interested. Okay, so. Let me start out here. So we have three different pilot program options. And our goal in every pilot program is to create a case study. So the case study is measuring three things. One average time saved. 2 changing quality of notes. 3 change in the average time it takes to submit a note, because what you get paid as a compound of like. What you bill for? How fast you can bill it. And how much gets clawed back when there's an audit.
Nathan Peereboom: Those are the three things that matter. And you can always do that by cranking up the time clinicians. You can make those three things better when you crank up the time clinician spend on notes. But our promise is that you actually, you know, you get your taking as you need it too. You can have all of those things improve. And your clinicians can spend less time on their notes.
Nathan Peereboom: So this is a study that we did in this was in our region. That had a little over 100 clinicians. And what we found was that, on average, folks are saving one and a half to two hours a day. Oh, and this is, like, very similar to y'all. This is, like an Iop, like, you know, treatment center. 80% of clinicians didn't claim that their their notes were significant or were better, but significantly better. And speed of submission improved by 60%.
skent: Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: Good. So the way that we get at this is again, we have three pilot programs. When it comes to this question of. Hey. My clinicians get confused when I give them new things.
Nathan Peereboom: We always recommend the 46 week program. Now, the six week program is amazing because you get like we'll migrate your patient list. You guys can all my cell phone. We'll actually bring our product manager up to your clinic and have them be on site so that they can like customize accordingly. We'll do an in person lunch and learn you can have reference calls. We'll do custom templates. We'll have dedicated support sessions. Like the six week program is so robust. That it's like extremely, extremely white glove. Before we program is also great. But either of these will give you all the information. To have a custom version of this slide. To know, hey, this is what's getting better. This is how my clinicians feel about it, and, you know all that jazz. This is a really, really good way to dip your toe in. And. And the drop bill analysis is also a good way. So either one of those is like perfect low commitment white glove. Services that that should be really helpful and should give you a taste of what it's like to work with us, you know, because ultimately, you know, that's the real question for in your mind probably is like, hey, do I want to develop a long term relationship with these jot psych folks? And so either of those is a good way to know us as human beings and to know the product that we create.
skent: Yeah. Yeah, because I think. I think what I would like to do is, you know, for, like, a pilot program, like, have everyone try this out for a couple weeks, obviously have, like, an onboarding training. And then, you know, whether it's like the one month or the month and a half. Just so we can actually get, like, a trial, right?
skent: So we can see how my clinicians are doing it, you know, if it saves time. And then can they also just, like. Like, instead of doing, like, a note and then double checking it, can I just write, like, client was unresponsive, Client said X, Y, and Z client, you know, made eye contact, just like three, you know, little commas. And then this platform, this AI will just generate, like, an actual three to four sentence note for that. Yeah, totally.
Nathan Peereboom: And what's great, too, is that when you're in jot Psych, you always tag the note to a patient. Up here. And the new note is always pulling from the previous documentation. So when you go into so it's always pulling from all the previous notes before.
Nathan Peereboom: And there's all sorts of other things you can do with that, Stephen. Like, you can create an arbitrary document. You could be, like, write a Continuation of Care appeal letter.
Nathan Peereboom: And what we'll do is we'll take the entire patient record again. You just throw in, like, one sentence. And what this is is a rich letter based on exactly the patient record that we are calling on. So the flexibility, like the effort that the clinician has to put in is, like, so little. It's like it's just a swing of the wrist. And we'll do all the hard work of arranging the information.
skent: Okay, cool. So I think what I need to do is I just need to talk to the other owners. To see about the two, like either the six week or the four week.
skent: And if everyone else approves, then, yeah, then we can do it. And I think most of our need right now is the documentation before we get into the billing aspect.
Nathan Peereboom: Totally fine. Yeah, that makes so much sense. Here's a question. Can I just. Just so we close the loop, can we look at calendars and just say in our brains, like, theoretically, if you get a green light, this is when we would kick off, and this is when we'd come up to, you know, to the Boston area to visit you.
skent: Yeah. What? What time frame are you looking at? Like availability wise.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. So I think in terms of kickoff, we always like to move really fast. So we'd love to kick off, like, next week, if that's possible.
skent: If I get everything together. Could we possibly see how the week of the 16th then?
Nathan Peereboom: Sure. Yeah, that works.
skent: Okay? That'll give me time to preemptively train my staff on what we're going to do, you know?
Nathan Peereboom: Just so you know, Stephen, like, that's the kind of thing that we do as a white glove service. So, like, the kickoff, the way the kickoff works is. We'll basically say like, hey, you know, we're jobs. Like, this is what the tool does. Everyone's going to get set up. And hey, by the way, we're going to be there in two weeks to, you know, the actual sit behind your shoulder and, like, help troubleshoot anything. But, but, you know, here's our here's our how you get in touch with us. Here's how you schedule time with us. Do it as much as you want. Like we're there to take that whole administrative challenge off your plate. Because every tech company should be an education company. Learning a new software is always an educational process, and we've gotten really good at it, so. You shouldn't feel shy about saying like, hey, from day one, we want the jobs like team to hold the labor.
Nathan Peereboom: Of implementing the software.
skent: Yeah. Okay. All right, cool. And then my last question is, what is average monthly cost for this part of it?
Nathan Peereboom: So the scribe is 99 bucks. Per month per clinician. And then the JOT audit, which I think is what you would want, is $69 on top of that. So the total cost is like 169, basically.
skent: Per person.
Nathan Peereboom: Per person. That's right. And the way that we think about that is on a return on investment basis, that's just enormous because we believe that we're protecting you. And accelerating like your working capital so much that you should make that back in the first, like, three or four days of using it.
skent: Okay, cool. Yeah. Let me get with my directors and the owners. And then can we maybe do a follow up on Friday?
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, sure, let's do that. Could we do? Let's see. Can we do 1pm with? Chris is our head of pilot programs, and he kind of, like, leads this whole process. He's got an opening at 1. Can I.
Nathan Peereboom: Can I schedule some time then?
skent: Yeah. Yeah, I'm open. Then that's fine. I have a call at 12:30, but that's just like a 15 minute call, so either one or after is fine.
Nathan Peereboom: Perfect. Okay, great. Steven and chris. All right, perfect. Let me send this to you. Save. Send. Covering. Great. That's exciting. All right, let me know if you got that.
skent: Not. Hing. Yet. No, I didn't come through yet.
Nathan Peereboom: Really? As ken@insight recoverytc.com right?
skent: Yeah. There we go. Amazing. Okay, cool.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. This is awesome. Stephen, thank you so much. I'm. I'm super excited. And seriously, like, we. I mean, we love John and, you know, be awesome to figure out a way to work with you all and serve you, okay?
skent: Yeah. Yeah, that'd be great. I'll let you know Friday how everything goes with everyone, all right?
Nathan Peereboom: Great. Sorry, one last thing. If the group, when you think about the other owners, if they were going to say, hey, no, actually, now's not the right time, what in your mind would be their argument? Like, what would be their. What would be the things that they would bring up that would make them say no?
skent: What they would say is, what I'm anticipating is, shouldn't the clinicians be able to do this? Like on their own. That's really the only question. But, you know, this is just more of a second line defense, you know?
Nathan Peereboom: And it's a feedback loop. We want to be really clear that, like, the clinicians get into this field because they want to serve patients, right?
Nathan Peereboom: Like, that's why they really get into the field. They have to be thinking a little bit about the billing, but it's not their job to read these, you know, these payer contracts. They're insane.
Nathan Peereboom: So what this. What this program does. We almost called it jot coach when we first got into it, actually, because in our minds, We're like. It's creating a feedback loop where the clinician is always the one who knows what's happening in the note. Like, that's the entire interface of the note. Is such that, you know, when they go in, they're able to basically see that one doesn't have an audit on it. They're instantly able to see, hey, these are the things that I need to have included. And whether I say them during the encounter. You know, we think about suicidal ideation all the time, obviously, because it's like the biggest, like, little liability thing. Just having that little card where someone's like, oh, I just need to ask about it during the encounter. So it gets in the note, and I don't have that little warning. It actually does change the way that clinicians write and do encounters in a way that's, like, very educational. It's not it's not like the AI is coming in and, like, taking their job. It's really, really, really about the clinician still saying in the driver's seat. So I would just emphasize that when you talk with them.
skent: Yeah. Okay. All right, cool. Well, yeah. Yeah. And then also, if you have any other information like that you can send through email that I can propose to them, too, like any of these slides. That'd be super helpful for me, talking with them.
Nathan Peereboom: Awesome. Okay, cool. Yeah, we'll fire those over. Okay.
skent: All right. Great, man.
Nathan Peereboom: All right. Talk to you Friday. Thank you.
skent: All right, thanks. All right, Take care.
Nathan Peereboom: Bye.