Emily Kaiser: Hi Joe, can you hear me okay? Joe, can you hear me?
Joe Dunlevy: I can, yeah, on the wrong browser, so I miss you. There we go.
Emily Kaiser: No problem. How are you?
Joe Dunlevy: I'm okay. And yourself?
Emily Kaiser: Good, thanks. Thank you for joining the call today. Just kind of just jump right into it. I understand that you have used Jotzek in the past. And we would love for you to be able to do an additional two week trial just to kind of see what you think of these features that we've added. We recently added e-prescription and job bill, drop credentialing, jot audit helping clinicians get paid. So billing kind of wrapped up all in one a couple different features and then e prescription as well. Before diving into the demo, I would love to hear about your experience with JotSeg in the past. And also, I was trying to look it up. Have we started your free trial already?
Joe Dunlevy: So we're, I'm a paying customer currently, just not utilizing it really at all, still trying to play with the notes.
Emily Kaiser: Oh, I see. I'm sorry for the confusion.
Joe Dunlevy: Okay.
Emily Kaiser: Okay. Okay, great. So you are currently using Jots like how long have you been a user?
Joe Dunlevy: So we've been on since August. We did our trial, I think maybe in July. And gone as far as thinking that we had our substance use disorder office visit note down. But in trying to train the note, it just wasn't quite where we needed it to be. And then we got. The goalpost kept moving a little bit with regulatory stuff that we were adjusting and tweaking. And so it's not by no means simply like a product challenge with the product. It was like, oh, we need to pause until we know the full scope of what we need to encompass in this note and then just hadn't picked it back up. But every time the bill comes, it's, the intent is like, yeah, I need to do that.
Emily Kaiser: Okay, I see. So I think that is maybe where my confusion was because you haven't made notes in a couple months, then it sounds like.
Joe Dunlevy: That's right.
Emily Kaiser: Okay. Okay. That's why I thought that you were what we call paused user when you've trialed it, but then, okay, so that makes sense. So today then, I would love to kind of spend some time answering specific questions to your workflow on how I could help integrate jots like back into your workday and make it most efficient, basically. Because like you said, you are paying for the system. So I'd love if you were able to kind of use it to its full advantage.
Emily Kaiser: Before we kind of start the demo, it sounds like. So you have a couple templates that you've used in the past or want to upload. Okay. And are you a sole provider? Are you a part of a practice?
Joe Dunlevy: Now the potential for many, many more if we get it launched off the ground, but I've got a site provider, a substance use disorder. Like visit provider. As my two people because I want to do a psych specific node and then one that's specific for like opiate use disorder.
Emily Kaiser: Okay. Okay, cool. And so you have one prescriber out of is it three total or four including you?
Joe Dunlevy: I am the third, I believe.
Emily Kaiser: Okay. So third prescriber.
Joe Dunlevy: Yeah, all of us are prescribers.
Emily Kaiser: Okay. And just again, because we implemented billing features, how do you guys currently handle billing?
Joe Dunlevy: So our billing goes through our electronic health record system called CareLogic. So from an enterprise level, I'd be surprised. Like it would be. Less than I think probably a 5% chance that we would utilize JATS psych for billing at this point in time. But I'm interested in knowing what the future offers.
Emily Kaiser: Yes, exactly. Okay, cool. My notebook here really quick. So what we typically have people do during these demos is actually have you log into Jot Psych and share your screen.
Joe Dunlevy: And then I can fact.
Emily Kaiser: Okay, cool. So are you able to share your screen?
Joe Dunlevy: I can do so.
Emily Kaiser: Okay, great. Okay, so and again just kind of a clarifying question. Does everybody in your practice use Jot Psych or is it just you?
Joe Dunlevy: It would be myself like no one's utilizing, utilizing it, but it would be up to. Six psychiatric prescribers and then up to another. 25 counselors. Might be interested in it. Okay.
Emily Kaiser: And that's currently what you have as like employees at your business right now.
Joe Dunlevy: That's right.
Emily Kaiser: Okay. So and then just so I understand are you so you're paying individually for Jot psych, but you're interested in doing like a group practice with Jot.
Joe Dunlevy: No, no, the, I mean, the practice is paying for the accounts that we have when we came to the end of. The game to the end of our. Trial. I was like, okay, I think I want myself and then two other users that we can pilot it. Play with it, see if it's something that we want to move forward with.
Emily Kaiser: Okay. Okay, I understand. All right, cool. So. When you were last on Jot Psych, I think maybe a good starting point is showing me how you used it in the past and maybe kind of where you felt like you were being held up in the system where there was any blocking.
Joe Dunlevy: Any blockage. Yeah. So in the template builder, you can see that we have a few different. Templates over here on the left. So I think where we put the most effort in is this medication assisted treatment. Documentation template. And what I would say is we had a great deal of difficulty in trying to corral. And avoid. Corral information into just one section. So in a subjective section so that no objective information like assessment. Would go in. There was some hallucination by the system. And that felt like, okay, I just need to train it more. But our goal would be. A template of this sort. And that the information and just the conversational appointment, like we're having now, would end up and fall into each bucket. That's listed here within a template of sections. We were having trouble corralling it into the. That it lands in this specific section and not. Split up and disjointed over a couple different sections and then also making sure that it was accurate.
Emily Kaiser: Okay. Okay. And when is the last time you used this template and to kind of trialed it to see if it would. Do it correctly?
Joe Dunlevy: Probably December, if I'm honest.
Emily Kaiser: Okay, no problem. So I think we could go about this a couple ways. We could look at your past notes and kind of depict everything that way or JATSE has made several updates. I mean, the things that I shared today, but also internally just like clearing different bugs that we were getting feedback on and just updating our AI scribe assistant and all of these things that I think if you use it now, you may see improvement. So I think going back and looking at notes could be a little contradictory. Would you be open to maybe just doing, doing like a two minute conversation between you and I, as though I'm the patient using this template and seeing what it produces.
Joe Dunlevy: Sure.
Emily Kaiser: Okay, let's try that. So go ahead and click record. I'm at the very top there in that menu.
Joe Dunlevy: Yep.
Emily Kaiser: Go ahead and enable microphone and we're going to create a demo patient. So once that is all set. Okay, so attach patient there top left. And go ahead and click plus. And then this can be John Doe, it can be anybody. And then you actually don't even have to put this information in. But I always say the more the better you're going to get the best result out of all of the features, but completely up to preference. Okay, so go ahead and do appointment type. We're going to select that template that you were just showing me.
Joe Dunlevy: I looked at appointment type as where.
Emily Kaiser: So do you see the template that was the one we were talking about?
Emily Kaiser: It's not, but because we can always add new appointment type and it should show us some. Other things down there.
Joe Dunlevy: We go.
Emily Kaiser: Okay.
Emily Kaiser: So you're going to select this and again before you click record, basically we want to make sure that we are handling this like you would any other appointment, although it's going to be an accelerated version because we're going to only do about two minutes. But I think it's important because we want to make sure that the information is hitting the categories correctly to have some sort of conversation around each category, if that makes sense.
Joe Dunlevy: Okay, so I don't know that it pooled. This MMT template into the option.
Emily Kaiser: Default.
Joe Dunlevy: Okay.
Emily Kaiser: Does that seem like it did it?
Joe Dunlevy: Yeah, there's the name, there's a template. Type and then you can actually name it different things. And so I think it was this medication management follow up and I just didn't realize that was what I was.
Emily Kaiser: Cool. So whenever you're ready to start.
Joe Dunlevy: Okay. So we're here today to follow up on your opiate use. So how much. If any, like how Hispany's been since we saw you last week.
Emily Kaiser: Definitely tapering down. I feel like I am not using as much as I was in the past. So I think that's good.
Joe Dunlevy: Okay. And then we were also keeping an eye on sleep because that has been a trigger to use. So give me an idea of like when an idea of your sleep, so about what time you try to go to sleep. How long it takes you to fall asleep. How long you stay asleep. And then what time to wake up.
Emily Kaiser: Sure. So sleep is definitely hard. I would say that I am aiming to be asleep or in bed by 11pM. Typically I don't fall asleep until one or two a. M and then I wake up about 6am.
Joe Dunlevy: And then energy level when you wake up the next day. How's that been?
Emily Kaiser: Exhausted? It's like I can't catch up. I can't fall asleep, but I still just can't catch up. I don't have enough energy to kind of get me through the day.
Joe Dunlevy: Thanks. So let's jump to an assessment. And so I'm going to assess your pupils. They look normal for real light. There's no tremors. There's no sweating that's going on right now. General for you feeling we need aches pains nausea, vomiting, diarrhea, constipation.
Emily Kaiser: In general, pretty good. Overall good besides the lack of energy. I would say though nausea, that is something that that you mentioned that I would say I've been experiencing over the last couple days.
Joe Dunlevy: Okay. Well then we'll jump to therapies. We'll go ahead and increase your methadone based on what you were saying by 10 milligrams. So a total of 50 milligrams daily and I will prescribe you something for the nausea. Things to look out for is watch out for dizziness, lightheadedness. Sometimes it can do the opposite and make you actually feel nauseous or give you diarrhea. But this medication is called ondansetron. It'll be a four milligram tablet that you take and have it dissolve on your tongue. Up to twice a day. And we'll try that for the next week and then let's meet back and see how you're doing. Sleep with methadone increase and with nausea. Sound good?
Emily Kaiser: That sounds great. Thank you very much.
Joe Dunlevy: Okay. And then let's get you on the schedule for next Tuesday. At 8 a.m.
Emily Kaiser: Perfect. Next Tuesday 8 a.m. that sounds good.
Joe Dunlevy: Okay. Ended the recording.
Emily Kaiser: Perfect. So we're going to go ahead and generate note. So what this is doing, you may be familiar to analyzing your session. So now you have access to the transcript, but also to the notes that it's about to create. And you do have the ability to change the template after you've generated the note, after you've staffed the reporting. If you've ever find that that's something that you need to do anything like that, you do have the option. So what it's doing here is it's introducing you to one of our updates that we've made, the AI notice system. So basically here is where you would type in feedback or any sort of input of changes that you want to see in your note. And that is kind of your AI assistant of, of how it all happens.
Joe Dunlevy: With the AI assistant, because I recall. Similar features per section. And try to adjust the template. And so. As I would go down, there was a little. Something like that. To adjust. And it's like, okay, I'm going to adjust the chief complaint. Template. Rules. Separate from the HPI rules. So not seeing. Like options for that per section. How does that interact with the new AI node assistant?
Emily Kaiser: Yes. So basically it is the AI node assistant is similar to that. But what we're doing here with AI notice assistant is you put in all of that information and just basically type in specifically what section you want to adjust or what you want to adjust there. It's basically an all in one. So you can put any sort of feedback regarding your note. The more specific the better. And then that is where it will kind of create. What just popped up there. The note audit complete. I believe that's what it said is that's a part of our new billing features. So if you see at the top of the AI note assistant there, you'll see edit and then you'll see audit audit is showing you two different ways. It looks like the AI notice system is pinpointing two different ways that you could adjust based off of the rules that you have, their pair aware notes. Basically. So this is kind of a look into our auditing feature. So we're trying to basically jot psych has gotten a lot of feedback from clinicians that there are too many systems that are needed in the in a day between the AI note taking between the billing, between the e prescription systems. So JATSEC is trying to loop it all in one and become like a one stop shop so you don't have to really navigate between all of these different tabs that you have open either before, after or during your sessions.
Joe Dunlevy: So I think I'll be able to play successfully with. The updated AI notice system. What you just described is probably the future of whether I decide to go with it or not for like, tell me a little bit about the scheduling piece because right now our system will require us to schedule for our billing purposes in our AirLogic electronic health record. That's our verification. So what are the different ways that the scheduler. Like the provider would need to interface with the schedule and Jot site versus just make it simple, say pretendeds outlook. So like an outlook calendar, let's say they have to operate out of that. What is required with Jot site and calendars to maybe work the way that it ideally would work.
Emily Kaiser: Sure. Okay. So let me know if I'm not explaining this exactly to what you're asking me, but at the top there next to Jot psych in that menu that we clicked record, you'll see schedule. So there is where you can. And this note will save if you want to kind of explore the system. We can always come back to it. So if you click schedule, you can manage and operate your schedule. In here directly. Now another thing I like to point out is if you go to patients. And I hear you on the integration piece. So we'll come back to this, but I want to show you these features first. So go to the, I guess our most recent John Doe. I didn't realize we had two. Skip the tutorial. And if you scroll down. So you'll see upcoming appointments there. You'll see past patient encounters. This is also where you can prescribe directly in the chart. But if you scroll down a little bit more, I'm just wondering if it caught. We mentioned our next appointment. And I'm wondering if it. So down at the bottom where that little bar popped up with the five icons. If you hover over that and you're going to see an option to do multiple things, you can send forms directly to patients, create lab requests, create clinical document, request payment, and then patient follow up. Click patient follow up. I'm just curious if it's in here. So this is basically giving. A patient follow up on all of the things we talked about. You can send this directly to their email, directly to their phone. You can use it for multiple things. But again, I'm just looking here trying to do a quick scan of if it.
Joe Dunlevy: Is. Okay.
Emily Kaiser: So the more you use drought psych and the more you use these features, you can kind of automatically build your calendar based off of how you're using it. As far as integration goes, we have a Chrome extension and basically integration is $10 a month per user. And you would be able to kind of transfer information over whether it's your notes, whether. Not copying, pasting, but directly transferring over to your EHR as well as schedule.
Joe Dunlevy: Will integrate with large systems. Out of the Chrome extension.
Emily Kaiser: That is a good question. I'd rather give you a proper answer than give you, you know, what I think. So let me get back to you on that, if that's okay. Let me just.
Joe Dunlevy: See that. Some of the advantage that I saw in Josh Psych and you're looking at other products, we use, let's say I've seen John Doe 15 times. My understanding is it would give me summary of like. John Doe's. Recent past like encounter summaries. Does that follow the patient? Or does it follow a patient plus a patient that is scheduled in a calendar? You know, like how is there a way to utilize Jot Psych without utilizing the calendar?
Emily Kaiser: Yes, definitely. You don't have to use the calendar. That's just an added feature. But if you go back over or if you exit out of this, I guess you're already in John Doe's patient profile. So you'll see all of the things that it's going to offer you. It's going to offer you medication management. It's going to offer you diagnosis history, patient history, patient documents and counters. Plan of action or treatment plan, plan of care, any forms that you've sent over. So this is just kind of a general hub that you're going to have with each patient. So every time you report with John Doe, this profile is going to become more robust and it's going to become more of a place where you right before you log on with John Doe and you have an appointment with John Doe. You can go in and you can check all your bases basically. What medication are they on? What's their milligrams? Do we need to prescribe anything? All of the above. Does that kind of answer your question?
Joe Dunlevy: It does. So. We've got the patient dashboard here and it'll pull information in whether or not we use the calendar. As long as the patient has the unique ID, the plus name date of birth. That will be like how the system identifies. That this is John Doe.
Emily Kaiser: Exactly.
Emily Kaiser: And the more you record with John Doe, the better and more informed this profile is. And then like I said at the bottom there, or when you kind of hovered over those five icons, you have the ability to send forms directly to patient, whether it's a consent form, whether it's, you know, alcohol use disorder identification test, any of those things you can send directly to the patient via email or phone number. So again, you don't have to leave the chart. Everything is right here, as well as prescribing. We've developed e-prescription directly in Jotzyc. Our partner, we've partnered with DoSpot. So typically what happens, or I guess essentially what happens, I should say, is when you scroll down in this profile. That pink set up the prescription button. A little bit higher. It's going to be on the left right there. So that is where you would click and it would bring you to, it would open up a new window to do spots. You would, you would typically already have their pharmacy information in, but nothing is needed. You don't need to add anything twice because these systems have, they're going to be completely integrated. So that's kind of a big plus that we hear people say. You don't have to add in patient information twice, pharmacy information twice medication information twice. You're just already there. It's very much a click and go system. And again directly in the system directly in the chart, which is a plus for sure.
Joe Dunlevy: No, I mean, this is all very cool. And if one had like a smaller practice or a private practice, I could see where this would be the dream. The trouble would be with like larger enterprise EHRs that people are working with is that as we're already paying for like me prescribing out of that. Or we're already prescribing or already paying for billing. Yeah. But yeah, so this. Does breathe new life. And so like what I think that we can get out of it. Yeah. When it's all said and done. I think. What are the means? So right now I think we would need to. Take the note. And then copy and paste it or at least whether it's through an extension, get it into our current EHR. What are the, can you show me a couple of the different ways that one might do that.
Emily Kaiser: So I think it might be better to set you up with a specialist just because they're, they know more about as far as like integrating and they can actually show you their screen. And it would make a little bit more sense. Let's see. So we can set you up with a meeting on that end. But are you looking for more information on like the billing specifically or what specifically would you like to see?
Joe Dunlevy: The hurdles for us adopting it would be one I can handle on my own figuring out like how well does the AI scribe in the wizard like create the template that we want. So, so I can get back to work on that. But then let's say that's all good. The ease of use for the providers. And sadly, I can tell you that our providers are using seven different programs to do their work. Some are integrated, some are not. And so. My. Mandates. Here is like I can't keep adding programs to them.
Emily Kaiser: And so definitely.
Joe Dunlevy: So this would be. There'd have to be huge upside to doing the note. And now I'm not looking at these programs over here because I'm just conversing with the patient and then the ease of now getting it into our CareLogic EHR. Yeah. Those are the hurdles to get over.
Emily Kaiser: I think that you just said something that just your clinicians are using seven different systems, right? And this is exactly why DrawTec is moving in the direction it is because you guys are not alone on that. But not only comparing cost on what you're spending on all of these seven different systems for how many users are using it. Think about functionality. Right? So I think focusing on those two things. Are kind of the upside of why a lot of of our, of our customers are moving to these. We're calling them kind of like a la carte options basically. So you currently purchase and subscribe to the AI scribe, but you can add on a la carte e prescription and billing.
Emily Kaiser: So as far as price wise, that is kind of just how it's typically working. But we, a couple things that I didn't go over just to kind of run through my list here, which may provide some clarity on just kind of either making the decision to transfer things over or just thinking about ease. We currently do. Let's see.
Joe Dunlevy: So.
Emily Kaiser: We currently do analysis. So jot analysis is $300 basically. We do data transfer. If that is a huge hurdle for your EHR or for your current prescribing system, whatever it may be, we do that for free.
Joe Dunlevy: Tell me about job analysis with that.
Emily Kaiser: Analysis. Yeah. So let me see if I can pull up my. And share my screen here so you can see what I'm seeing. This time. See, sorry, I'm a little frozen over here. So basically jot analysis is looking at what your current billing system is and what kind of things are being either like flagged or being returned back to if you've had any audits, things like that. And showing you where it could basically function better. Does that make sense? Okay, so I would love to share my screen here and show you a little bit of Jotville. Like I said, it might be better to book you with a specialist, but I can certainly show you some of this information and that might kind of shed a little light. Can you see this okay? Can you see my screen?
Joe Dunlevy: Yeah, yeah.
Emily Kaiser: No problem. Sorry like I said I'm having some sticking a little bit for some reason. Try to go to the next slide. Okay, so this is kind of basically just talking about Jotville talking about the fact that we're using like human billing, but as also combining it with AI to create this system. Basically. So to get even more specific on that. Talk about eligibility. So we are doing payer aware documentation and coding. So basically we use the AI in to pull out that information, create clean claim generation. And then these are some of the payers that we currently use as well as so many others. But then also it goes through the human aspect of everything because we're having people on our team double check these as well. So you have the AI and then you have the human aspect which is just exactly what's kind of making it pretty spot on. Any questions here before I move on.
Emily Kaiser: So what it's kind of flagging our postings appeals in underpayment detection, which is kind of where that analysis comes in because we're looking at your current system and seeing if there is any underpayment detection or looking at any appeals or anything like that and like just solved that we created, it flagged two different ways that you could change your note to be more payer friendly. So just things like that. And then this is the pricing. For job bill specifically. So you could move on to, you could do an essentials, which is 4% all the way up to 8% depending on the kind of package that you'd be interested in interested in. And this is where it might be useful comparing what you guys are currently paying to what you would be paying with jobs like of course. But even the essentials plan, as you can see there, we're doing eligibility checks payer aware documentation and coding and then clean claim generation and submission.
Joe Dunlevy: So.
Emily Kaiser: But like you said, I know that you are a part of a bigger practice and obviously this might be a bigger decision. With more people involved or, you know, they might want a little bit more of a heavy duty package. Understandable. Let's see what other information this is talking about job bill analysis. So what you're earning today, where your money is being delayed or held up and what changes we can make to unlock all of those things. Any questions here?
Joe Dunlevy: The contracted analysis. I'm sorry. That like the job bill analysis is. The independent like sounded like a one time fee to just analyze. How effective.
Emily Kaiser: Yes. Yeah.
Emily Kaiser: So yes, exactly. So a lot of people interested in job bill. We'll start with the analysis because it's not a huge financial commitment and it's $300 to be okay.
Emily Kaiser: Is this kind of like checking your system in place basically even if you don't go with job bill. It's just kind of like an internal look. We help you kind of do an internal audit, if you will. So that's kind of it. With jot bill. I know we also talked about e prescription if you want any, I know I kind of broke that down as far as how it works with our partner with dose spots. But e prescription is $69 a month. Let me see here stop sharing my screen. So yeah, it's $69 a month. If you wanted to try it on your end and just kind of see how it integrates. I know it's already in your EHR. And again maybe a bigger decision, but you do have the ability to turn this off and on your end in your settings. So a lot of our customers currently, they're interested in it. They're turning it on for a month doing the one month payment seeing how it integrates within their workflow compared to your current system just to kind of compare and contrast and kind of doing that. Just so you know.
Joe Dunlevy: Not looking to do that right now because I already have to finish the pilot. That we're paying for with just the regular Jaw stripe just like prescribed. Um, but I will bring the. Analysis piece to our CFO. And yeah, two things.
Emily Kaiser: Okay, I think that would be good. So what I would like to do, like I said, I could set you up with somebody who knows this information a little bit better than I do as far as somebody on our engineering team or my VR CEO. I'm not sure you've met with in the past, but I'd love to schedule a follow up. In, I'm sorry, who did you say you would kind of show this information, Jill?
Joe Dunlevy: The CFO in particular for the. Analysis and the billing component. And then, and I have met with you is it Nate, is the CEO? Yeah. Yeah. I've met with me before. But I would love more info on the extensions or the calendar and for. Populating, let's say we do get our template perfect. Like then what would it look like? To copy and paste versus what would it look like with an extension to populate things directly into. Like a note within our chart or just. That becomes the note in our chart and it goes in that way. So that I would for sure have to navigate with our. System that I know we're locked in for a while with like the EHR, you know we're. On a contract that's at least I think. It's close to two years.
Emily Kaiser: And so.
Joe Dunlevy: There's some things that I just know we wouldn't do.
Emily Kaiser: But want to keep.
Joe Dunlevy: An eye to like where we could go next.
Emily Kaiser: Yeah, definitely. So what I'm looking at is setting up a follow up and if it would be helpful to have your CFO on that meeting. Great or anybody in your office. But I'm looking at the 30th, which is next Monday 9 or 930. Does that work for you?
Joe Dunlevy: Next Monday next week would not be good the week after would.
Emily Kaiser: Okay.
Joe Dunlevy: And I think for a start I think I would just want to meet with somebody from an extension standpoint because I'll basically I'm passing the info along on the finance stuff to the CFO and then he would be able to make the call on if he wanted to follow up or not. But it would be more the. How can I. With what I'm already purchasing how can I like optimize it? And what do the extensions look like to get notes into the chart would be my next point of interest. Okay.
Emily Kaiser: Perfect that is good information. So when you are talking about extensions, you're looking at specifically integration for the calendar. Anything else are you talking about also transferring over notes rather than copy and pasting? Is it just those two or is there any other things that I'm missing?
Joe Dunlevy: I think just just those two based on notes.
Emily Kaiser: Okay perfect. And then figuring out the AI scribe and like ease of use. I do have a little bit of time if you want to just take a look at that note. I would love to answer any questions for you on that end of that note that we created if you have the time today.
Joe Dunlevy: No, that's okay. It's something that's just like I know how to do it. It's just setting the time to do it.
Emily Kaiser: And so okay.
Joe Dunlevy: Yeah, but I appreciate the offer.
Emily Kaiser: Absolutely. So why don't I then we'll go ahead and schedule this follow up for that next week. And then in the meantime I think that I can just shoot you an email or send you a text with some more information about integration specifically just to provide some clarity. And then we can kind of curve our next meeting based off of what you think on that information.
Joe Dunlevy: Okay yeah that sounds good. So we're looking out to the week of. Six would be better.
Emily Kaiser: Okay, let's see here.
Joe Dunlevy: And again a Tuesday like afternoon is wide open as well as a Friday afternoon.
Emily Kaiser: Let's do a Tuesday afternoon. Do you have. A 1 pm?
Joe Dunlevy: That works?
Emily Kaiser: Okay great. And again do you want I mean I know this is kind of like we're giving I'll follow up with that information and we're just going to kind of see but we can extend the invite to this meeting to anybody else if you find that that would be helpful.
Joe Dunlevy: Not not at this stage. It would just be okay.
Emily Kaiser: Okay great so I'm going to send you. A follow up meeting. You'll see that come through on your. Calendar. If you could just go ahead and add to calendar or accept when that comes through. And then other than that you are all set. Any questions for me? I know we went over a lot of information today.
Joe Dunlevy: This is super helpful and I'm glad to see how the. Company is evolving. And I just know that there will be some of us that we're stuck with what we got at least for a time. But want to see what I can utilize and even this current time frame.
Emily Kaiser: Yeah, no I think that's a good idea. Okay great. Well thank you for your time Joe. I really appreciate it. And thank you for giving me like some insights into how your business works currently. It's very very helpful. And if I can help with anything in the meantime you can text or call this number. But like I said I'll follow up with some more information on integration.
Joe Dunlevy: That sounds good. And then just before we jump you did. Send the.
Emily Kaiser: Invite. Let me double check that that sent one quick second. On my end.
Joe Dunlevy: Let me just do one thing. No I think you had a little bit of slow because there were a few times that I responded to you and then you heard staring at each other.
Emily Kaiser: My sister is just a little slow today. Okay, so that I just got confirmation that went through. Do you see it on your end because sometimes it does slip into spam.
Joe Dunlevy: If nothing else you are awesome as far as like the follow up prompts and I did put a placeholder already in in my Outlook calendar. So so I'll just assume that we'll meet and then if I don't have it between now and then we can figure out the link as we get closer.
Emily Kaiser: Yes, you definitely should see that on your end just to confirm you don't does that did that come through?
Joe Dunlevy: Not just yet.
Emily Kaiser: Okay. I would check your spam. If not if you don't see it by the end of the day just send me a text on that number and I'll make sure to follow up and send it again.
Joe Dunlevy: It's not in the junky one.
Emily Kaiser: So okay let me confirm your email J Dunlevy at comp drug.org.
Joe Dunlevy: Yeah it might just be moved a little slow.
Emily Kaiser: And there it is so perfect okay, so just to accept or add to calendar and then again we'll send you those confirmation texts the day before and day of.
Joe Dunlevy: Okay all right Emily thanks so much
Emily Kaiser: thank you have a good day bye.