Yavar Shaikh: Can you hear me?
Emily Kaiser: I can hear you.
Yavar Shaikh: Yes. Yes.
Emily Kaiser: Hopefully it's not coming through too much on your end. How are you?
Yavar Shaikh: I'm doing good. How about yourself?
Emily Kaiser: I'm good. Thank you. So I understand that you have interest in job site.
Yavar Shaikh: Yes.
Emily Kaiser: Okay. Great. So just for the sake of kind of tailoring the demo, can you explain to me, like, kind of what your current world looks like, what your practice is or your sole provider? Are you all part of the clinic? What is a typical day for you as far as work?
Yavar Shaikh: So basically, I have completed my PMH NP. So psych nurse practitioner, and I'm planning to basically work at different places, not at one place. So I'm. I was thinking of getting this subscription. So jot side is not new to me. I have used as a trial version, and I like the product. So I would like to kind of subscribe to my own account, basically.
Emily Kaiser: Okay. Great. So we can definitely get you set up today if you wanted to do that. Now, are you just a couple features that we've recently added? We had a jot bill, an e-prescription. So I'm not sure if you are a. If you are a prescriber. Do you currently prescribe eventually?
Yavar Shaikh: Yeah, I'll be. I'm just in. In the process of getting my DEA and all the paperwork, but eventually I'll be prescribing.
Emily Kaiser: Yes. Okay, so that might be a point of interest. I can kind of share some information on that if you want to compare and contrast. And I'm sorry. Did you say that you are a sole provider or a part of a practice?
Yavar Shaikh: No, I'll be basically working with more than one place. But.
Yavar Shaikh: Oh, I'll be using the dot site.
Emily Kaiser: Okay, so as far as billing goes, because you're working out of multiple places. Is billing. Do you have a hand in billing for your current practice as far as I know you're couple different places? So how does the billing work for you right now?
Yavar Shaikh: So right now I'll be basically not handling any billing, but within, let's say, next three to six months, I'm planning to have my own day. But for now, no, right now, no billing for me.
Emily Kaiser: So I think that it's probably a good idea if you know the system, you like the system to get you started on JotC today with specifically the AI scribe. And then I think we just set up a meeting maybe in about four months. And kind of touch base on where you're currently at with your practice and to see if any prescription in Jotville are more applicable at that time. How does that sound?
Yavar Shaikh: Yeah, I mean, I don't mind if you have any kind of, do you have this information available on website about the billing and other features?
Emily Kaiser: You will probably see some information, but what you see just on our, on our website. It may be a bit basic, but if you go to jackseed.com, this is what I'll have to do regardless to sign up for job site. So go ahead and go to jas.com and we'll kind of navigate it together.
Yavar Shaikh: So let me see. So jot site, you mean like main website, right?
Emily Kaiser: Yep. Yes. Yep. Jot psych.com.
Yavar Shaikh: so it shows me login kind of page right now.
Emily Kaiser: Yes. Yep. So go ahead and log in. And you said you did a trial. How long ago is your truck?
Yavar Shaikh: Been, what, six months or so? Five, six months.
Emily Kaiser: Okay, so go ahead and log in with the same email that you used for the trial.
Yavar Shaikh: Do you know what that is? Yeah.
Emily Kaiser: Okay, that. And if you know your password, fabulous. If not, we'll go ahead and do the reset link.
Yavar Shaikh: So when I logged in, it just takes me to. To the billing page. Like the subscription.
Emily Kaiser: Okay. That's what I expected because basically your free trial ended.
Emily Kaiser: So it's going to block you from the features. So go ahead. If you could share your screen for me, that would be super helpful. At the bottom at the bottom there next to the camera.
Yavar Shaikh: Okay, let me see.
Emily Kaiser: Where are you out of?
Yavar Shaikh: Michigan?
Emily Kaiser: Oh, me too.
Yavar Shaikh: It's funny. Yes. Yes. Me and Troy.
Emily Kaiser: Okay. I'm actually heading there tonight for dinner. I I'm in White Lake myself.
Yavar Shaikh: Okay, I see. Yeah. Some good restaurants over there.
Emily Kaiser: They sure do. I grew up in Nova, so familiar with the area outside. Yes. Jatak is actually based out of Brooklyn.
Yavar Shaikh: Sure. So give me a minute because I'm just. You said right your camera. Yeah.
Emily Kaiser: And then there's two options. You can either share entire screen or select job psych if you're comfortable sharing the entire screen. If that isn't a concern for you or anything, that's easier to navigate. But if not, go ahead and select jot psych. It'll be under smart scrime.
Yavar Shaikh: So we say the entire screen, but I still see the share area grid. So I don't know. Okay, now I see.
Emily Kaiser: Yeah.
Yavar Shaikh: You should be able to navigate.
Emily Kaiser: Perfect. I'm sorry. Give me one second here. So go ahead and jump to jot.
Yavar Shaikh: So this was the screen I was looking at.
Emily Kaiser: Yes. Okay. So what we're going to do here. Can you hear me okay?
Yavar Shaikh: Yeah, I can.
Emily Kaiser: Oh, there we go. Sorry for some reason. My headphones just connected. Okay, so what we're going to do here, make your screen a little bit bigger on my end so I can help navigate. So this is asking you. These are all of our packages. Basically. If you scroll down a bit. And actually on your end, if you could just exit out of our Google meet, you'll still be able to do both. Like that little box that you see with you and I just go ahead and click an X. Not that one. Yes.
Yavar Shaikh: Which one?
Emily Kaiser: This one. Yes. Go ahead. Exit out.
Yavar Shaikh: You mean exit?
Emily Kaiser: I just, like, close the task. So I.
Yavar Shaikh: I don't know if the. We will still be able to chat, like talk.
Emily Kaiser: I think so. I think that you should have no problem. If not, I'll log back in.
Yavar Shaikh: So exit here.
Emily Kaiser: Right. Close. Okay. Can you hear me okay? Yes. Okay. No, that one's kind of tricky, but this way I can see your whole screen. So let's see. So if you scroll up. Okay, so what you're seeing is 135 gallons a month. So that is your standard plan, which includes the AI scribes that we spoke about today. Yes. If you wanted to dot RX and dot audit, you'll see in security and data, everything like that. Basically, you can add on certain things like a la carte. So we'll today. We'll just do the 135 for your monthly subscription. Well, right now you're an annual, just so you know. So you can do it. Annually 135 a month or either if you click monthly, you'll see the details of that.
Yavar Shaikh: As well.
Emily Kaiser: Okay.
Yavar Shaikh: So I have a question about this. So let's say. If I decide to. If, if I pay for annual plan right now, right? And for some reason, if the job sites, they have their own system, right? And if I don't want to go ahead with within six months, what are the cancellation policies you have?
Emily Kaiser: So right now what you're looking at is saying left annually. If you would rather sign up monthly. Because you're on a more month to month basis as to running with monthly basis, you have a little bit of a discount sign up and. Because we're making that snake.
Yavar Shaikh: Yeah.
Emily Kaiser: So if you were to do animation, it would be more effective because you have that discount that you, if you live in the after a year. I understand.
Yavar Shaikh: That was. No, I understand between the monthly and annually.
Emily Kaiser: Billing.
Yavar Shaikh: But what my question is, this 600, like 1620 when I pay and subscribe for yearly. And then if I end up canceling the subscription. Either a refund, no refund, what, what are your policy? That's what I'm asking.
Emily Kaiser: I don't believe there is a refund. I do that. Do that charge of 160, 16. And I would have to be a refund. Basically, you would just pay for the lecture.
Emily Kaiser: I obviously don't have to use it once a month. That's if that was a case, but just something to be aware of.
Yavar Shaikh: Can you repeat the last part?
Emily Kaiser: Yeah, just something to be aware of, basically. So you would be responsible for this year. That payment of $4620.
Yavar Shaikh: Okay. I would rather sign up at least monthly for now.
Yavar Shaikh: And as I go, I can. So is there. Option to then switch to yearly plan once I feel that I would be using the system or going forward? Can I, like, switch it to yearly plan after that? After a few months.
Emily Kaiser: Yeah, that's a good question. To be honest, I'm not 100 fair with you. It's something that I could ask and then I can get you an answer today.
Emily Kaiser: If you want to do that.
Yavar Shaikh: Yeah. I'd like to know because right now, most likely I'll use it.
Emily Kaiser: Right. But.
Yavar Shaikh: Like two, three months before being sure that I would be using it on a yearly basis and then I would rather do the yearly payment versus every month. But that, that should be flexibility of switching it to yearly by end of the site.
Emily Kaiser: Let me just send a quick message internally and see if I can get a quick answer on this one.
Yavar Shaikh: Right.
Emily Kaiser: Okay. So I just sent that. So we will get an answer back. Soon. So if not, I can get you into that. Okay. I, while we wait, just to, in the next couple minutes, I am wondering if you have any questions. On drought psych in general from the first time you trial it. We recently, like I said, added a bunch of new features for shop bill and dot RX. We also draw auditing, jot analysis, all these things. So I'm wondering if you either want to set up a time once you make your decision on yearly or monthly. If you want to set up a time maybe you can even do tomorrow or Friday to kind of go through. Jack and do like a 15 minute demo. Or if you have any questions right off the bat service.
Yavar Shaikh: So this jot RX and like jot audit, those are the things I was looking at and it seemed like those are the new feature. I didn't see when I was using it. So it basically includes all the electronic prescriptioning and that includes controlled substance 2 and everything, right?
Emily Kaiser: Yes.
Yavar Shaikh: When you sign up for e-prescribing it covers everything. Correct.
Emily Kaiser: Basically, we partner with do spot and treat it with without leaving the chart. You are able to prescribe to your patients open a window opens and those spots. The systems communicate. So there's no need to enter information twice as far as insurance information, patient information, anything like that. Super stimulus and very user friendly. You can describe everything as well as control exceptions. We're getting a modified positive feedback. So yeah, we're hearing just to kind of give you some insight on Jot's idea are developing these new features because we're hearing from a lot of our customers that there's such a need for so many systems and applications these days. As anybody in the clinical space, but just for documentation as far as billing and contriving and AI space. So we're trying to become more of an all-in-one system so you're not only, you know, making our day work so more seamless, but still in what you're paying for. So that's just kind of the insight.
Yavar Shaikh: So the billing part, right? Let's say if we end up, I end up picking the billing from the system. Or what subscription do I need to have in order for the billing to work?
Emily Kaiser: What do you miss?
Yavar Shaikh: So is it under jot RX or dot audit like the billing part?
Emily Kaiser: Oh, so. That is a good question. Basically, I am not 100 sure if JotAudit would be your full billing or if you actually have to customize your plan on the back end for Jotville. But job audit is a part of it. Basically, where we, so if you, oh, you're not able to see if I can share my screen and give you a look into this. Also, just so you know, I did hear back that we can do the first three months of monthly. And then if you want to switch to the yearly after three months, basically three months to decide and we can honor that. Okay. So let me go back to my screen.
Yavar Shaikh: So you are able to kind of. Sharing like you are able to navigate my screen also?
Emily Kaiser: No, I'm not able to navigate your screen, but I have jot psych open. Sure. Let me see if I can share. Something.
Yavar Shaikh: What is there? What, what did you ask?
Emily Kaiser: Can you see the subject?
Yavar Shaikh: Yeah, I can see your screen.
Emily Kaiser: Here.
Yavar Shaikh: But it's a little blurry, so I don't know. Let me see if I have to click somewhere.
Emily Kaiser: It looks like it's trying to load on my end. Yep. I just need a minute.
Yavar Shaikh: Maybe. Sure, sure.
Emily Kaiser: So what I'm trying to show you here is once you go to the notes. You go to the note. For example note in here. So let's see. Let's try to demonstrate. Once you're in the note, you'll see edit and you'll see jot audit. Here we go. So you basically, you will see all of these different sections. Depending on the type. Of template that you selected. So this is your note of what it would produce. And then over here is where you can edit and give the AI assistant feedback of how you'd like that note to change based off of or simply a preferred format.
Yavar Shaikh: It's right.
Emily Kaiser: But you can also go to audit and it doesn't look like it's hector than anything with the demo patient. This is where it was basically say, go ahead and change our notes in those regards. Looking at these certain billing codes, basically. So it's auditing your notes. And if we're going to create a payer friendly note before sending it to the billing process. So basically you're getting paid faster. It's eliminating any delays.
Emily Kaiser: It's just being a second set of eyes in the eyes of a payer. So the process happens faster, if that makes sense.
Yavar Shaikh: So for this is it takes this longer, you said, because it's a dummy patient, it's not pop like showing us.
Emily Kaiser: Yeah, I don't think there's anything to audit, I think is what's happening here.
Yavar Shaikh: So there's no message about everything looks good or nothing like that.
Emily Kaiser: So I believe it. Unless you have the audit feature on, which I'm not sure it's on in this account. I don't believe it would give you. Oh, actually, no, you actually do get your, I believe it's your first 30 or 40. Audits. Yes. Your first 40 audits are free because you're using jots like you're going to get these notifications for your first 40 audits.
Yavar Shaikh: And then you will be able to see the sample, how it kind of the outcome and what kind of suggestions system gives me. Okay.
Emily Kaiser: And while I'm sharing my screen, I'm going to show you how dot rx. So basically every time you report your patient again, another W patient every time you record with Rowena, this builds, this is her patient profile, basically. So this is a space where it's been built and you can work as a treatment lab. Any patient forms that are suggested based off of your conversations. You can see all patient history, diagnoses, medication history, medication timeline, any documents of anything that you have sent in it, as well as managing your talent. So down here under manager in your calendar for these reported session now, you can send prescription. And this is pretty much what happens. So it opens up dose spot and that information is already there. So your patron will review medication history, everything is nice accessible. You'll see a patient's address as well as their pharmacy information. And the insurance information, all things like that. So we would go down and you would add a prescription. And then you would type your prescription in here and then just select basically.
Yavar Shaikh: Okay.
Emily Kaiser: Any questions on this?
Yavar Shaikh: So about not about RX, but eventually, do you guys, are you guys planning to get, let's say, some kind of Zoom calling or something in the system itself? So that we don't have to be using multiple applications?
Emily Kaiser: Yes. Yes, exactly. So eventually we would like to be good technically because we have these features. We could maybe consider a VA trader. But there are some features that we're missing exactly like the one you just said. So by probably summer, I would say we're hoping to see that Zoom call as well as integration for. More systems.
Yavar Shaikh: Sure. Okay. So how do I then sign up for, let's say, monthly in the beginning, and then I'll based on 90 days, I'll see if I would like to go with the year later.
Emily Kaiser: So go ahead and go back to your job site screen. And we're just going to go ahead and sign up monthly and we'll take care of that. We'll honor that three months. We'll make note of that and take care of it on the back end. You choose to switch to anyone. Yes.
Yavar Shaikh: So I, I'm getting this message. Organization has no subscription. Can you see my screen?
Emily Kaiser: I can. Yes. You can scroll down just a bit. What happens if two things I would like you to try? If you could refresh and if that doesn't work, that doesn't go away. We're just trying to add payment method and see what happens.
Yavar Shaikh: It takes me back to the main page, actually.
Emily Kaiser: So let me. Now you should be good to go now.
Yavar Shaikh: Yeah. So let me see. So this is taking you to.
Emily Kaiser: Yeah, go ahead and put try again. So after you try to enter your payment information, this is
Yavar Shaikh: so it accepts credit card, right? System accepts credit card.
Emily Kaiser: It does go ahead and go. You're still, you're in annually, just so you're aware. It's like it shot you back to Annie.
Yavar Shaikh: Like, okay, okay.
Emily Kaiser: Okay, so now let's try this again. Thank you.
Yavar Shaikh: I don't know.
Emily Kaiser: About we received that. Before you reload and give it an extra minute. Message. Go ahead and refresh. Your finish.
Yavar Shaikh: You mean the main page, right? So refresh main page.
Emily Kaiser: If you go to like schedule or pre-checks go ahead and try to exit out of this screen in a sense.
Yavar Shaikh: It's not letting me. Click on none of the tabs.
Emily Kaiser: I just asked internally. To see if your credit card information was confirmed. We have it on our end. Okay. Do you want to go ahead and try to enter it again? I'm assuming that it didn't take one of your times to bring it won't let you exit the screen.
Yavar Shaikh: You mean the payment information? Right.
Emily Kaiser: Again.
Yavar Shaikh: So I'll say activate. Say I'm getting same message.
Emily Kaiser: Okay. I just. Let our internal team know the message that you're getting, the organization has subscription. Sure. Let's see what we get back here. If you want, I can either send you a text message or give you a call. And a little bit letting you know that this is resolved.
Emily Kaiser: I don't want to waste your time here.
Yavar Shaikh: Let me just make sure I take down your information.
Emily Kaiser: Right.
Yavar Shaikh: You can, you can email me.
Emily Kaiser: Right? Yes. If email is your preferred, I can definitely do that. I have your email from this meeting.
Yavar Shaikh: Sure. That's good. So that's Gmail, right? I guess you have my Gmail. Now not shake at gmail.com.
Emily Kaiser: Can you repeat that?
Yavar Shaikh: It's y a v a r. Dot sh a I k h at gmail.com.
Emily Kaiser: Okay. Okay. I will follow up and figure out what's going on here and then we'll get you signed up and activated.
Yavar Shaikh: I appreciate. Thank you, Emily. Thank you.
Emily Kaiser: Thank you.
Yavar Shaikh: Nice to meet you. Bye.