Christopher Hume: So sorry, Emily. Dr. Nabari?
Emily Kaiser: I believe. So should we send it to.
Norraine Grace Sabanpan: Hello, good afternoon. Dr. Nadari will join shortly.
Emily Kaiser: Oh, no problem. Thank you so much.
Norraine Grace Sabanpan: Thank you.
Christopher Hume: Hi, Dr. Nabari, how are you?
Rajaa Nebbari: Hi, Christopher. Hi, Emily. Sorry, I'm going to keep my camera off. I have a situation, but I am all ears.
Emily Kaiser: Not a problem. Thank you for joining us today.
Rajaa Nebbari: Thank you.
Emily Kaiser: So I know we spoke yesterday, just briefly over text, but I'm not sure how familiar you are with JOT Psych. So Chris and I wanted to give you a little bit of an introduction and get to know your business a little bit more. Okay, perfect.
Christopher Hume: Well, Dr. Navarro, it's really nice to meet you and I guess kind of to start off since never met before. My name is Chris and I'm chief of staff here at JOT Psych. And during these calls, just really love to use them as an opportunity to learn a little bit more about you and as Emily said, your business and just see if there's kind of any way that we can be kind of of help or support. And then, you know, if at the end of the call you'd like to try out job Psych, we can certainly get you set up with a trial, but we can kind of talk more about that at the end, I guess. To start, Dr. Nabarri would love to hear just a little bit more about your practice and sort of what a day in the life looks like for you.
Christopher Hume: How many patients you see?
Emily Kaiser: Yep, perfect.
Rajaa Nebbari: Did you get a chance to speak to Dr. Michi?
Emily Kaiser: I did yesterday where she gave me your information and she mentioned that you guys were opening up a new office and that you would specifically, specifically be interested in the JOT audit feature. She's not able to join our meeting today, but we're going to touch base after and just kind of with everything.
Rajaa Nebbari: All right, I give you a little bit of overview about us. As my name is Raja Niberi and I am Dr. Matib's partner. We started the tele psych business outpatient clinic in 2020 locally located in Fulton, New York. We started in a small town but after Covid we moved telepsych. So it's all via telehealth. Right now we are serving close to 3,000 patients. Noreen can give you an accurate number. Maybe that's a little bit exaggerated but it does fluctuate. 2,000, 2,500. But we've had 1 of our peak is 3,000 patients. We have Dr. Matip as a medical director. F7 Paul and in New York we maximize I think we allow to have eight PAs per. Sorry four PAs per provider. We actually have two provider Dr. Matib and Dr. Bina. They're both psychiatrists and we have seven PAs that work under them. We expand into North Carolina and we were hoping to do things right when they say right was in 2020 when we started full time psychiatry. We went with the cheapest software out there. That's the only reason why we picked our software back then was limited funds. We wanted to start now when we wanted to move to a better integrated software. It's very difficult. You already have the billing set up there. The the doctors are familiar with our software and it's not easy to just pick up a move. Let's put it that way. So Noreen and I are working on this new project which is our expansion in North Carolina and we are still studying the market. Actually we were just in a meeting with an advertising company and we are looking at different systems softwares, billing software, EHR. I am not familiar with this psych audit and Dr. Matib said that I may like it. I am very big on charts auditing. Make sure that we are billing appropriately for what we're doing. And we. We haven't done much like in North Carolina yet. We are in the middle of studying the project itself.
Christopher Hume: So.
Rajaa Nebbari: So brand new. So that's it.
Christopher Hume: Custom. Wow, that's so impressive. Dr. Nabar in New York and now moving to North Carolina. Certainly had a busy few years, I would imagine.
Rajaa Nebbari: Yes.
Christopher Hume: Well, I guess I sort of have two questions for you. First one you were talking about, and we sort of already discussed, but how you'd be interested in sort of the auditing and compliance or billing, if capabilities. Have you ever had issues with billing in the past? Does your team tend to under Bill? Where did that kind of. Yeah. Desire to be able to audit come from?
Rajaa Nebbari: Well, every doctor's nightmare is an audit.
Rajaa Nebbari: Yeah, certainly true. That's number one. Number two is, of course, when we started the practice, we were very not knowledgeable. So we did under bill a lot of stuff. Terrible. I'm sure we've lost money which is expected within the first year or two. But you don't want to make those mistakes now. You really want to bill for every services you give. Now over billing is also a concern. So I make sure that we have a staff member that reviews the chart before billing, make sure that we bill in adequate. So that's where the concern comes from, of course.
Christopher Hume: And then sort of that you say you have a staff member who reviews those kind of charts or the bill GPT codes before they go out.
Rajaa Nebbari: Is that.
Christopher Hume: Do you do your billing in house stuff?
Emily Kaiser: Can you give me.
Christopher Hume: Oh, certainly, certainly. Naren, are you in North Carolina or New York?
Norraine Grace Sabanpan: I'm actually in the Philippines. Oh my gosh.
Emily Kaiser: Okay.
Norraine Grace Sabanpan: Yeah.
Emily Kaiser: First name with Dr.
Norraine Grace Sabanpan: Navari.
Rajaa Nebbari: Sorry, guys.
Christopher Hume: No, no worries.
Emily Kaiser: Dr. Navarro.
Rajaa Nebbari: Yeah, I am under the weather. I had a terrible flu so I'm actually in bed. Oh my God. My kids see me in bed. They think I'm just playing so they come to talk to me.
Christopher Hume: Oh my gosh.
Christopher Hume: Well, no worries at all.
Christopher Hume: Thanks for taking the meeting.
Rajaa Nebbari: Of course. Go ahead. So, I'm sorry to interrupt.
Christopher Hume: What was it?
Christopher Hume: No, I was just wondering, do you do your billing? Do you have an in house biller or do you have a billing company you work with or how does that sort of process work for you?
Rajaa Nebbari: We have a staff that reviews the doctor's notes and bill puts the billing code according to the note.
Christopher Hume: Oh, okay.
Rajaa Nebbari: And sends the claim to our EHR and the rehr. They bill for us, they collect a percentage of the. Of the bills and they process the claim, and that's it.
Christopher Hume: Okay. Well, wonderful, I guess, Dr. Navarri. Then for the next part of this and a meeting, I would love to kind of give you an overview of job psych. And we'll focus on the auditing, the billing, and all of those capabilities. And then we can decide if you'd like to sign up for an account. If you would like any of your providers to try us out. Does that sound like a good path ahead?
Rajaa Nebbari: Absolutely. You know, Norain and I. And I don't know what Chad Psych is. Is it a software?
Christopher Hume: We don't know anything. Oh, my gosh. Okay, well, perfect. That. That'll make.
Christopher Hume: That'll make this a fun presentation there or. Yeah. Oh, my gosh.
Rajaa Nebbari: Or an alien. Or an alien.
Emily Kaiser: No aliens.
Christopher Hume: No aliens. So what job psych is, is we're a software designed to help make sure that you can maximize the res revenue that you. You get from each behavioral health encounters. So you have jet psych running during a session where an AI scribe. So it immediately creates the clinical note within a few seconds of the session. But then kind of what we think sets us apart. A lot of people ask, how are you different from the other scribes out there? Is that we support you in crafting these notes in a way that maximizes how you can be reimbursed. We'll check to make sure you're meeting rules of your heirs and will recommend CPT codes. That is sort of what jots like is at a high level, and that will kind of walk through some of the details. Dr. Nabarri.
Christopher Hume: Okay, whereas jot py. I got a little bit ahead of myself here, but the goal is to make sure that each of your notes is audit proof your claim is accurate. So you're not doing as we discussed. You're not under billing and leaving money on the table, certainly not over billing and putting yourself at risk. We support clinicians in making sure that they optimize how they bill. Jeff's like, very straightforward to get up and running. You generally sign up for your account less than three minutes, and you could be recording your first encounter a few seconds after that. And then again, what sort of we're so excited about is that we will load rules into the back end of Jotsych based off your insurance companies, based off of CMS that will make sure that your notes are crafted in a way. That you're minimizing your audit risk. And then JETSEC will even call out why the note is structured in a certain way to say, hey, we're including this to reduce risk of xyz. And additionally, if your providers miss something in the session, example would be asking about suicide, it will text them after the session, say, hey, if you're going to bill 99214 in the future, make sure that you ask this question. That's sort of what jot psych is. Does that make sense, Dr. Navarri? Am I making sense so far?
Rajaa Nebbari: Absolutely. Dr. Matip is using an AI guided notes that picks up the conversation between the doctor and the patients and puts them into systems where they can be billable.
Christopher Hume: Yep, exactly. So that that's what JOT Psych does too. You'll have us running on your computer or your phone during a session and then as soon as the session's over puts it into that note format and it will structure it based off of those requirements, Sigma's requirements, CMS, etc.
Christopher Hume: Okay, I said it'll flag why it did certain things and it will let you review the sources. It'll even suggest edits to make sure that you're meeting all of those payer requirements. In your note. Then I think we, Dr. Nabarri talked about how this was of particular interest to you, the reviewability of notes, the ability to audit your team's notes. What job site will do is as their supervisor or as the practice manager, you'll be able to review all of the notes taken by your team. It'll give them a quality score based on how they structured the session, if they missed any requirements based on the payer's rules. And then it will give them a quality score and you'll be able to see that broken out by note and also by provider. So you'll be able to see, hey, it looks like Chris has been kind of off his game the past few months. He might need a little bit of one on one coaching to make sure he's not putting us at risk.
Rajaa Nebbari: Okay.
Christopher Hume: That's like. Of course we have several other capabilities as well. You can generate documents with us, we can do pre authorization checks, you can send forms, you can develop custom templates. Happy to dive into greater detail. And of course we're HIPAA compliant as well. Let me pause for a moment again, Dr. Nabar. I want to make sure I'm not doing too much talking. Any questions so far? Anything that sound good, anything that seemed a little bit off, I'm happy to dive into more detail.
Rajaa Nebbari: No, I think. I think I know what it's about. Initially, I thought it was an ehr. Because at this moment, to be honest with you, this decision is not mine.
Christopher Hume: It's doctor.
Rajaa Nebbari: She's the medical director that creates note. I have to find an EHR so she can do this. On it.
Rajaa Nebbari: We haven't gotten there, so I just want to be honest with you.
Rajaa Nebbari: No my limitations and where I can Noreen and I get to pick which is the actual EHR system.
Christopher Hume: Dr. Nabarri, when are you planning to make a decision on the ehr? When do you think the North Carolina office is going to be up and running?
Rajaa Nebbari: I would say roughly four weeks.
Christopher Hume: Okay, so we have some customers that use Jot Psych as an EHR system right now. The one thing we're currently working on building is our E prescription capability. So that's something that's in the pipeline. We also integrate with EHRs as well. If you choose, let's say Dr. Chrono Jotstack will automatically port those notes over.
Rajaa Nebbari: How about the billing?
Christopher Hume: Billing? Yep. We billing as well through Jot Psych, so.
Rajaa Nebbari: You read my mind.
Christopher Hume: Yeah, that's a feature we've rolled out. So we do prior authorization checks for organizations. That's usually how we start where as they build up their patient load, we do the weekly checks to make sure everyone's eligible. And we also have a billing component as well where we'll do billing for you.
Rajaa Nebbari: So you will send the bill, collect, claim, and post?
Christopher Hume: Yep. Absolutely.
Rajaa Nebbari: Okay, then let's talk about money charges. How much? What do you guys charge? Percentage.
Christopher Hume: Yep. So it depends on the level. Right now we bill between 4 and 8% based off of the. The plan you're on.
Rajaa Nebbari: Norain, do you remember the top of your head? How much the medical practice charges percentage wise, for the percentage?
Norraine Grace Sabanpan: I don't know, Doc, but as I check the reports, they bill us like $6,000. Yeah, it depends.
Rajaa Nebbari: You know, when you look at the bill and under e medical practice, you'll find out the percentage. We can talk about it later. Okay. Even 4% is not much is not expensive. Okay, that's. That's not terrible.
Christopher Hume: No, no, we. Yeah, we think there's a great. And I. Let me see if I have. I'm sorry. I'm showing you our overview presentation. But let me just see if I can show you a little bit of the. About our billing program, if that would be more helpful.
Rajaa Nebbari: Yes, yes, that's what we do. The actual software in terms of generating the notes, that's totally Dr. Meti for us. We need an EHR where we can schedule patients, check the validity of insurance, collect copay and bill.
Christopher Hume: Perfect. And let me reshare our other little back with you. This is our JOT Bill functionality. So let me just walk through how JOT Bill works and then we can talk about pricing. So eligibility checks. We do those before the appointment. Then you know, typically you would create your note within Job psych. So we make sure your patients are eligible and have coverage. Then JOT Psych will write a note for you or it will write a draft of a note for you.
Rajaa Nebbari: Can I interrupt? Because I'm not familiar with people. Like you said, we check the eligibility for you. I'm not familiar with that. What I know is that I buy the software and Nolane staff check the eligibility. Is it any different or.
Christopher Hume: So what we do for some of our providers is that we have kind of our team and our automatic system will do those eligibility checks. If you'd prefer kind of Naren and Naren's team do those eligibility checks. We certainly don't have to do that. It's just a feature we offer.
Rajaa Nebbari: So. So technically you're running the practice from me. I don't have to hire nobody.
Christopher Hume: We certainly can help with a lot of those. Yes, parts of running the practice.
Rajaa Nebbari: But we're here to help empower. So who schedules the patient?
Christopher Hume: So you can schedule patients through JOT Psych?
Christopher Hume: Certainly some people continue to use their EHR and then they just transfer their notes over. Or you can do it through Job psych itself.
Rajaa Nebbari: Gotcha. Okay, go ahead. Sorry, I just had to make a clear.
Christopher Hume: Yeah, no, that's a really great question. So as I was saying, kind of we can do the eligibility checks or Narayan can do the eligibility checks. We can help with the note and make sure it's lined up with your payer contracts and kind of insurance requirements. You sign the note and then our team takes it from there in terms of billing and then our priced is just based off of successful collections. So as I said, it's. 4% to 8% depending on which features you decide on. And what I think is particularly exciting is we actually reviewed most of this already that we kind of promise a price beat guarantee. So if you kind of already using a billing company at least up in New York, we guarantee to beat price by at least 5% and then improve increase revenues by 5% as well. So Dr. Nabarri, I know we've kind of gone through quite a bit here and my apologies for changing presentations midstream.
Rajaa Nebbari: No, no, I like that you, you really answering what I'm interested at knowing. I like that instead of me sitting and listening to stuff that won't. Won't matter to me question.
Christopher Hume: Yeah, that's yes.
Rajaa Nebbari: Now let's say because starting a practice I need a front staff. I need people to do this. Let's say we go with the full feature that you guys check, do it all and send the bill and collect.
Christopher Hume: Yep.
Rajaa Nebbari: Now you said it's a percentage but everything else is for free.
Christopher Hume: At least that's what we do.
Rajaa Nebbari: This is what we. Before you even answer to that question with our current practice like a lot of practices they with our current software ehr we do not pay for anything. Just, just a percentage. But I want to tell you how much I'm between 2 either it's either 3% or 7% so maybe it isn't a little bit of a high side. But.
Christopher Hume: But yep.
Rajaa Nebbari: But that's. I'm just telling you.
Rajaa Nebbari: But yeah you could tell me how does it work with you in terms of pricing?
Christopher Hume: So I mean to be completely honest with you Dr. Nabari, we are in in the middle of completely redoing our whole pricing structure right now. So in terms of I believe the what you're paying for jot bill is just that, 4 to 8%. But I'd have to check get final confirmation from our billing team on if there are any additional fees for the add on features like prior authorizations and that as well. I'd have to get you a better answer on that and I will.
Rajaa Nebbari: How about using the actual. I'm not just talking about JAD Bill. Even the JAD side that makes the note.
Christopher Hume: Yep. That again typically it has all been included under one price but we are breaking. Kind of changing our pricing structure next week. So I'll have to get you. I'll follow up via email and kind of break it all out for you.
Rajaa Nebbari: Okay. Do me a favor.
Rajaa Nebbari: This is actually interesting to have one thing all in one. It's going to save me a lot of headache. Running one practice in Fulton is already hectic. I can only imagine if it's too. So take Noreen's phone number and email and send her please a detailed price with all the features. Let's say we use the transcription, the prior art, the insurance verification and all of that. What would be the price and. And the percentage and we'll go over it. Norain and I.
Christopher Hume: Okay, perfect. And then in terms of next step. So I'll get you the pricing. If that kind of pricing looks good and you guys would like to try us out. Would you like us to set you up with a example account? Do you have any. Any providers who would like to try us out?
Rajaa Nebbari: Yes, if the pricing look feasible to me. The next step is show Dr. Matip the demo about the encounters, how does the note is created and that's all she cares about. So. So if she likes that and I like the pricing, then most likely we'll move forward all in one packet.
Christopher Hume: Perfect. Then I'll get you that information later this afternoon. Could we maybe put a placeholder check in on the calendar for a week or two for now just. And we could use that as a time to check in, see how your decision making is going just the same. Perfect.
Rajaa Nebbari: Just because I am not feeling my best. I'm. I'm so slow this week. So give us two weeks maybe that's pushing. Maybe the end of next week.
Christopher Hume: Yeah, absolutely. So I will put this on the calendar for the end of next week. We'll do 2:30 next Friday.
Rajaa Nebbari: That's a Lorraine you own on Friday, right?
Norraine Grace Sabanpan: Yes. Yes.
Rajaa Nebbari: Okay, so we'll do that. Perfect.
Rajaa Nebbari: And just take Noreen's information so you can follow up with her and she'll remind me and we'll see that.
Norraine Grace Sabanpan: Absolutely.
Christopher Hume: Oh, perfect. Thank you.
Christopher Hume: Naren and I just invited you to that meeting in. In a week and a half. So I'll get you the information this afternoon. But if there's anything you need in the meantime later this week or next week before a meeting, just let me know.
Rajaa Nebbari: Okay. Thank you so much. Nice to meet you.
Christopher Hume: Yeah.
Christopher Hume: So nice to meet both of you and feel better. Thank you.
Rajaa Nebbari: Bye. Bye.