Christopher Hume: Hey, Justin. Good morning.
Justin Zamora: Hey, Chris. How are you?
Christopher Hume: Good. We're cold. Cold and icy.
Justin Zamora: I could imagine.
Christopher Hume: Yeah. Probably been the coldest and iciest I've ever experienced since moving to D.C.
Justin Zamora: is that right? Oh, man, I'm sorry.
Christopher Hume: Yeah. I mean, it's kind of fun. But I'm sure you remember DC is usually the get a little snow, then it turns to slush and it's gone in a few days. This is a little different.
Justin Zamora: Yeah. And here it's like spring, really Kind of bizarre.
Christopher Hume: Yeah.
Justin Zamora: I have. I have colleagues that I talk with in Colorado and they're like, us. It's like there's no snow. And then in New York and they're like, oh my God, we're dying.
Christopher Hume: Yeah. Like I did when I was walking home last night. There's still streets that they haven't really plowed. It's like it snowed on Sunday. Yeah. So it's. It's been. Yeah. Pretty. Pretty interesting. Pretty fun.
Justin Zamora: Good. Well, I guess before we start off, have we paid you?
Christopher Hume: Not yet. I was just checking. So it looks like that's still outstanding.
Justin Zamora: Let me send an email because some on Wednesday my team was like, so do we have jot site? Because I'm getting this notice that saying that my free trial has extended and I. I know. At least Melanie contacted you.
Christopher Hume: Yeah, Melanie let me know. And so I just kind of bumped it out while we sorted this out.
Justin Zamora: Okay. I. I'm going to email you CCU on.
Christopher Hume: Okay.
Justin Zamora: Standing invoice with job site. I do know that they had some movement in. In the finance department, so where. Brenda. You emailed Brenda. I don't know what's going on with her, so I'm including you on an email to finance. And I know that's kind of like the email. There's a couple eyes on it. So give me one second.
Christopher Hume: Yeah. And then if. I mean, I'll jump in when you say, but if I need to resend it or change the email, it goes to. Of course we can. Yeah. Take care of that.
Justin Zamora: All right. Sent. You should get it in a few minutes. I'm sorry about that.
Justin Zamora: No, I mean, I feel really.
Christopher Hume: Not our first time kind of experiencing the handoff. Yeah. Different stakeholders and different people and different things to worry about. We certainly understand. I appreciate you kind of staying on top of it for us.
Justin Zamora: Yeah. So I don't know what your agenda is, the two things I have in mind, or three things. Is things have been going great.
Justin Zamora: Everyone really likes jot psych. I wanted to know about user accounts, and here's why. Because we get a per seat thing in April. We're losing four interns, and the new crop of interns aren't going to start until May. June. Ish.
Christopher Hume: Okay.
Justin Zamora: We're in the middle of the intern recruitment season, so I wanted to understand about that. Like, if I. I don't. I don't even. And the other one is like, do I have like an admin seat? Because I would. I admittedly have not been on shots. Like.
Christopher Hume: No, that's.
Justin Zamora: But I would like to now standardize the templates and standardize what we. What we do. Because I've noticed that there are certain users that have kind of use different formats, like Mimi Marrero's. Her. Hers are like more of a bulleted kind of a format. And so I want to standardize the different formats. And so I don't know. You mentioned templates in the past, but I just want to understand kind of like the admin me being kind of the, you know, the person who oversees all the other accounts in the department, in the organization. If there's a way that I can make a organization wide standard standardization template or something.
Christopher Hume: Absolutely. And I'll actually show you how to do that right now. Just. Yeah, yeah. Perfect. So we can set you up with a admin account. We'll get that set up. So you know jot psych. Sure. You've seen it at least a little bit. You'll have kind of this. Your practice tab, Justin.
Christopher Hume: So you'll be able to see all your clinicians, what you can do. Actually, I might not be an administrator on this account, but what I would be able to do with. That's so funny. Our intern is the. Our pretend practice administrator. But if. If I was the administrator, what you can do is you can just deactivate people. So what that does is it just ends their. Subscription, you still have access to all of their notes as the administrator, but you're no longer paying for their seat. And then if they come back or, you know, or you just want to create another account, you can just, you can either reactivate them if they come back after, I don't know, two months away or kind of when you're in that flux, you can. In between intern cohorts, you can get rid of, I don't know, five of your interns kind of for a month or two maybe you have a much smaller.
Justin Zamora: It's going to be a one to one.
Justin Zamora: They're just people who graduate and they can't stay with us. And so like I'm going to. I'm losing four in April and there's going to be. I can't. And the next four can't start legally until they're enrolled in their program. And it's kind of mid maybe and so it's going to be four to four, but there's going to be a little kind of a draw.
Christopher Hume: Yep. So all of that ends up prorated. When you take someone out, you're. And then when you add someone, it's just the cycle stays the same and it's prorated for one that came into or left the cycle.
Justin Zamora: Got it. Okay, cool.
Justin Zamora: So, and then if I have admin access to.
Christopher Hume: I will check. Do you have an account, Justin, with us right now?
Justin Zamora: I don't think so.
Christopher Hume: Okay. Okay, so what we'll do is we'll create an account, we'll move you in and we'll make you an administrator and then we can make you. What's. What's funny is, you know, we created your group so long ago that Social was the first person. So I think right now she is kind of tagged as like the head of the group, but we'll move that over.
Justin Zamora: Over to you.
Christopher Hume: But the other thing I just want to show you is kind of if you standardize a template, Justin. So let's say, let's find a custom one. I have here.
Justin Zamora: And this is under documentation.
Christopher Hume: Yeah, documentation note templates. If you work on this, maybe you make some edits. So you go over here, you tell it what changes you want made. You save it. What you can do is you just push this button up here.
Justin Zamora: Got it.
Christopher Hume: And then it gets shared to the entire team. So then that turns into a UPFH template. It's loaded onto everyone's account and you can. Then the options you have are one, you can lock it down and be like, hey everyone, you're using this template, or you can say, hey, I'm giving you the baseline template from here. You can all kind of go your own way and make tweaks as you see fit.
Justin Zamora: Good. All right. So, yeah, that's. That's all I really wanted to make sure that. Because now that we're. We're on. We're on board. Hopefully you got that email from finance and that they'll pay you. So once. Once we're official paying customer. Yes. I'll log into JOT Psych and amend things to make them everything, everything standardized across providers.
Christopher Hume: Perfect. And then Justin, I just want to talk about like kind of after this first like kind of figuring things out month, kind of talking with the team. We don't have the kind of. The setup right now is that 15 or fewer notes is 30, $39 and then 15 to unlimited is $100 a month and there just isn't flexibility there. So I just want to make sure I know this is something we said we come back to and then I would get you a definitive answer. And so I just kind of want to make sure kind of up front that I let you know after this first month for users who are doing more than 15 notes a month, that'll be the describe rate.
Justin Zamora: Got it. That's good. We tried.
Christopher Hume: We tried. Right. The good fight. Okay then Justin, maybe what makes sense is for me to just us to hang tight while we sort things out with finance. And then once we get that all straightened out, would it be helpful if we did just like a one on one session where we built your templates together, got you all set up as the admin just so you don't have to spend any more time than necessary getting set up or you can just do it on your own. Certainly. But I just want to make sure, you know, we're here to support.
Justin Zamora: No, I appreciate that. I would say that like right now I'm in the middle of interviewing and kind of finalizing the intern cohort. So I don't have a lot of time that my, my, my anticipated time frame is March, April to, to kind of do this stuff because like, you know, with this group, they've, they've, they're all early adopters as it were and they're doing it, you know, to how they've learned it best. And because I have to review everyone's notes, they're. They're all good enough.
Justin Zamora: Yeah, they all, they all pass the bar that I need for scrutiny and whatnot. But where my mind is going, bringing in the next cohort, I'm going to train them not only on, on JOT Psych, but the like I mentioned to you before, we're looking to start a new shift over to a different emr and I'll be training that. And so I want to kind of hit two birds with one stone. Yeah. So brand new EMR Jot Psych.
Justin Zamora: I'm going to dedicate that to, to the new group of interns that start in May, June.
Christopher Hume: Perfect. Then so you'll be. So then we can just tag up, I guess, in sometime in. In the next couple months to get you all set up and all that straightened out.
Justin Zamora: Yeah, yeah.
Christopher Hume: Yeah.
Justin Zamora: I've. I'm kind of. Yeah, I've got. I've got my last internship fair on Monday, and I've got.
Justin Zamora: My goodness, my cohort. Yeah. By the seventh. Nineteenth of February. And once I have all my people and my schedules and all that stuff, my job is to then get our new EMR up and going and then do all the document, all the training documentation for JOT Psych for the new emr and then come May, we'll be training everyone and should be pretty good. I'm excited. I mean this, this was really a building year for as you saw, as you, when you and your colleague came. This was a building here for us. Yeah, yeah. And this, this, this coming year is going to be a refinement. And I mean the great thing is that this is the last day of the month. We, we, we've seen more patients, we've held more sessions this month than any other month in the entire 20 year history of. And so we're just going to go up and up and up and up and up.
Justin Zamora: Oh my God.
Christopher Hume: Excited.
Justin Zamora: We're excited about that.
Christopher Hume: A great way to start the year, right?
Justin Zamora: Yeah. Oh yeah, we're definitely excited. So that's super, super fun. So, so we, we anticipate to use. I mean for me, JOT Psych has been a, a real lifesaver because before it was, things were really non standardized. Some interns are better than others, but this has been helpful. And I remember speaking with Nate and I think you're the co founder about kind of a supervisory function or something like that. Hopefully able to develop something like that. And if you are, please include me on the beta.
Christopher Hume: Yes. Well, let me tell you, just we're kind of rolling out or we've rolled out. We're starting these like audit features and kind of eligibility check features and then billing features. And one of the things that has to be sorted out as we roll this out is how you know, if someone's submitting notes, what's the workflow for? They have an intern, then the supervisor has to review the notes and then they get submitted to, to the bill.
Justin Zamora: To the pair.
Christopher Hume: Yeah. To the billing or to the payer itself. So it's literally. That's so funny that you asked that. It's on my docket to be like I need to check with Nate to see what the plan is for that. I literally was writing an email before this meeting about that.
Christopher Hume: So once I get a good answer, I'll follow up with you, Justin. And yeah, we would love to have you trying out some of those features.
Justin Zamora: Yeah, that would be great. I'd be happy to be a guinea pig. I remember when I had my startups.
Justin Zamora: Yeah, I definitely used a lot of features. A B testing between different users. And, like, what do you think about this?
Christopher Hume: So. Yeah. Well, wonderful. We'll make sure. Yeah. You get looped into that, and then I'll make sure you get invited to our clinical advisory board. If you'd like to attend, we'd love to just kind of have your input and feedback. That's where we just share what we're doing and let our. Our advocates tell us, hey, this was good. Or like, oh, my gosh, what are you guys thinking? A clinician would never think like this. So I'll make sure you get added to those invites, Justin.
Justin Zamora: Cool. I appreciate that. Thank you so much, Chris.
Christopher Hume: Wonderful. Well, I can give you some time back on your Friday. As always, if you need anything, you know how to find me.
Justin Zamora: Thanks. So I'll be expecting an email from you for my Jot Psych account.
Christopher Hume: Yep. I'll just send you a link and then we can get you set up.
Justin Zamora: Brilliant. All right, well, thanks so much, Chris. I appreciate it. I hope you have a. A warm weekend.
Christopher Hume: Yeah, well, the. The thing that's killing me is before the storm, I moved my car into a. A parking garage. I'm like, oh, it'll just be a few days. Keep it safe. I haven't been able to take it out because there's just, like, these huge mounds of ice on every street. I'm like, there's no. There's. I don't think my car would make it. So. Yeah, the big project for this weekend is digging out a parking spot and then getting my car. So I don't know if I'll be able to stay warm, but I'll try. Yeah. Thank you, Justin. Have a great weekend and a great Friday.
Justin Zamora: Take care.