Laura Schirber: It mess everything up, like, with our custom templates.
Christopher Hume: Okay.
Laura Schirber: And then I had to go back and switch because, like, I can't get it to remember if I saved. Because. Can you look at my stuff?
Christopher Hume: Yeah. Let me go on the back so I can see you have a few custom templates. The follow up, Laura, is that the one you're talking about?
Laura Schirber: Yeah. There's a follow up and then there's an intake one. But, like, it was doing so great. And then I think that update, like, screwed everything up. And then I have to, like, try to retrain it again. And it's like having a harder time retraining. So, like, I'll say list the. The diagnosis is in the plan in numerical order. And it will, like, write the word. List one depression, list one anxiety. Like, it won't. It can't, like, figure out it's supposed to be too. And then it's putting, like, stuff that I never had before, like, quotes in the plan, which I never had. Like, it. It just. I just. I'm having it be, like, pretty much perfect. And then it went to poo.
Christopher Hume: What I can try here, Laura, if you'd like me to, is I can. So 1. I'm really sorry about this. It's really very, very frustrating. What I can do is I can undo the upgrade on your account to see if that kind of moves things back to the way to a note that's more familiar to you. Would you like me to try that?
Laura Schirber: Yeah, I do like the AI Assistant thing. Like, the AI notices, like, when it works. It's fantastic. But I don't know if there was like another, like. Yeah, and then there was something else. So then it almost like changed twice. And then the AI note assistant was doing great. And then it just like, you tell it something and it can't figure it out. But I haven't used. Haven't really had a problem today, but I've only seen two people.
Christopher Hume: Okay, well, then it's certainly up to you, Laura. I can right now. The AI Note Assistant will stay. But what I can do is the upgrade we did on the back that sort of is supposed to help Jetsy understand instructions better. If that is. You think messing, it sounds like it's messing up your. Your format, I can undo that right now and you can see if that sort of helps. But I. I certainly. If we've gotten over the hump and things are starting to look better, I don't want to switch it on you again.
Laura Schirber: I know. I guess I'm not a hunt. Can I just send you an
Christopher Hume: email at the end of the.
Laura Schirber: Yeah, yeah, yeah. Why don't we sit and see where it's at?
Christopher Hume: Because I did all this.
Laura Schirber: Training again last week and so I don't know if it like finally worked. Okay. So like I'm just looking at this one that I did today and it looks fairly decent. So I, I. Let me, let me see. Let me see what that. What the rest of the day brings.
Christopher Hume: Okay.
Laura Schirber: Okay.
Christopher Hume: Perfect. Is there anything else I can help you with, Laura?
Laura Schirber: I know my partner, Kim Oberlo, who's also. She has her own account, but she's same clinic.
Laura Schirber: Hers has been disaster. She said it's. I almost think she probably would want you to reset it before that because was like. Yeah, she said. And she keeps trying to retrain it and it doesn't do it like keeps adding like whatever med they're being started on, it adds as a current medium. It like. So she had to re. I know she's retraining it.
Laura Schirber: Okay, well, I ever updated with that.
Christopher Hume: So that was Kimberly or Kim. Kim.
Laura Schirber: And optimum overlo.
Christopher Hume: Yeah.
Laura Schirber: But she's still the same clinic.
Christopher Hume: Yeah. Okay, well, I appreciate you letting me know and I'll make sure to reach out to her and see if we can offer any help there.
Laura Schirber: Okay. Awesome. Thank you.
Christopher Hume: Awesome. Thanks, Laura.
Laura Schirber: Have a good day. You too.
Christopher Hume: Bye. Bye.