Christopher Hume: Ryan, I just, I just got a meeting put on my calendar, so I want to see you're interested. I think I got one put on my calendar customer support meeting. Last week. Jeez. Well, would you be. Be interested in attending a Is Johnson like right for me call? So essentially like a more of a sales call pitch. Next Wednesday at 2:00pm Eastern?
Ryan McAnelly: Yeah. You say next Wednesday?
Christopher Hume: Next Wednesday? Yeah, the 4th.
Ryan McAnelly: Yeah, absolutely. 2:00pm Eastern.
Christopher Hume: Let me. You do that now. Cool. And then Joya, from your perspective, kind of reviewing stuff and sitting in on a meeting, what are your thoughts? What questions do you have? What can I help with?
Garden Gioia: The meeting was helpful. I didn't know to ask about like when you're asking about a hurt ehr, I didn't know to ask is it like can you access it through a browser or is it something you have to sort of like an app that you have to sort of download and use. So that was good to know. I took note of that.
Christopher Hume: Yeah.
Garden Gioia: So when you. I have a question. When you were giving her like a free administrative account, was that, did you mean like as like a free trial or like an ongoing free administrative admin account?
Christopher Hume: That is, those are both really, really astute things to catch. So first for the ehr, if your EHR is if you can open it in Job Psych, we're rolling if you can open it in Chrome. So if in one tab you have jot psych and in the other tab you have your ehr, we'll be rolling out a button or like a Chrome extension that allows you at the click of a button and just move everything over directly into your EHR.
Garden Gioia: Sweet.
Christopher Hume: So that's going to be $10 a month. But it does not work if it's a downloadable application. Everything happens within Chrome between you and me, Joya, and you, Ryan. I think Karen might have been a little confused on what I was asking there. So I wouldn't be shocked if there actually was web based.
Garden Gioia: Okay.
Christopher Hume: But it doesn't really matter with regards to an admin seat right now we offer admin seats for free, so they can't record, but they can support roles for their providers and copy their notes into their ehr. Stuff like that. Those are. Don't tell anyone this, it doesn't matter. But those are probably going to go up to $10 a month in the future and we'll have to figure out we're going to grandfather people in if we're going to slowly charge them, whatever. But if you're talking to anyone, it's a free seat, and I'll let you know if that changes.
Garden Gioia: Okay, cool.
Christopher Hume: But they can't. They can't record. Is the issue.
Garden Gioia: Yeah, yeah, yeah. And that seemed perfect for what her role was.
Christopher Hume: Exactly.
Garden Gioia: Yeah.
Christopher Hume: No, go ahead.
Garden Gioia: No, I think that, I think that was really it. Yeah.
Christopher Hume: Griff. It used to be a little bit more of an otter system where like you could just be an admin but still record. So people were going absolutely wild. Like, no, no, no. I'm mostly an admin, but a couple days a week I see patients were like, no, no, that's. You don't get a free jawstack account because you, you run the clinic. Not how this works.
Garden Gioia: Yeah.
Christopher Hume: So I had some awkward email exchanges, but it worked out.
Garden Gioia: Yeah, I bet. I think my last question was the annotation was super helpful when you were like circling the button and all that.
Christopher Hume: Yeah. So if you're in Google Chrome.
Garden Gioia: Yeah.
Christopher Hume: And you share. And then you go back to the Google, the Google Meet tab, you can then just start drawing around on, on the window. You can try right now if you, if you'd like, just to see how it works.
Garden Gioia: So if I share a tab.
Christopher Hume: Share a tab. Yep.
Garden Gioia: Yeah, let's see. Share. Sharing a tab.
Christopher Hume: Yep.
Christopher Hume: And then now if you come back to the Google Meet tab and you click on the screen on the. Thank you. From the Google Meet tab, you can.
Christopher Hume: You have a little pointer.
Garden Gioia: Yeah. Color code.
Christopher Hume: Got it. There we go.
Garden Gioia: Sweet. Okay.
Christopher Hume: And so this seems really cool now. It is, but you're going to be trapped sometime in a meeting with a customer. But you ask to share your screen so you can walk them through an issue and they stay in their Google Meet tab and they start clicking all over the screen trying to use jot psych. And then you see this green marker and they're like, there's something wrong. You're like, I think you're in the wrong tab. And they go, what are you talking about? Absolute nightmare. Absolute nightmare. And it happens pretty frequently.
Garden Gioia: But yes, helpful for us. Okay, got it. All right, Stop presenting. Sweet. Okay, thank you.
Ryan McAnelly: That's good to know for the future, though.
Christopher Hume: Yep, yep. You're gonna experience it, that's for sure. Okay, so let's go mdale cleanup front today. This is like really bad at me. We're like pretty particular about getting this done every, every day. But the reason you guys are here today is because we're getting completely overwhelmed and just like the core team can't really manage customer support tickets as we continue to grow complexity and size. Jot Psych. And we have not grown our full time staff very long time. Let me go back to front. You're gonna see a lot of tickets that are still from this morning. Let's just look at the new ones the past four. Four hours. Okay, so let me know if my screen's coming through. All right, Got it. So this is someone saying, I received an error message getting requests to complete ID proofing. I already did. And not talk available. When I click on it has already been done. Just see the alert is style. So clearly. So Amanda is like an mvp. She's awesome. We have a great relationship with her. She's one of our customers. So I'm with us since the beginning. Oh, I'm sharing the wrong screen.
Garden Gioia: Yeah, horrible.
Christopher Hume: I have. So many customer support windows open, I shared the wrong one. So this is why I was getting requests to complete ID proofing. We did. And not talk available. Confusing.
Garden Gioia: It's still popping up. Okay. Getting request to complete ID proofing. Already did. And not a little confusing.
Christopher Hume: So if you guys were here, if you guys are running the inbox request that you say, hey, Amanda, like, so nice to hear from you, or like, hey, Amanda, so sorry about the issue. Could you add a little bit? Could you explain what feature is causing you issues and when it started and if possible, could you share a picture? Always ask them for a picture, because that really helps. But I can tell you, since we know Amanda, she's one of our most loyal customers, is that she is trying out our new prescription feature.
Christopher Hume: And I'm guessing the input her ID so she could prescribe medication through jot Psych.
Christopher Hume: And the it's telling her that they don't have it. So I'll reach out to her and loop in an engineer. So this is like a prime example of like, hey, could you send a screenshot of what you're seeing? I'll loop it in. A member of the engineering team.
Ryan McAnelly: Okay.
Christopher Hume: Not sure what's going on, but my last note had a lot of inaccurate information that had nothing to do with my patient. So we can assume for Julene that this is probably their most recent note.
Christopher Hume: We can go check it. What's going on? Okay, let's look at their. They finished a note at 419. I think it's pretty safe to assume that that's the one they were talking about. So we're going to do is we're going to look at their transcript, See what's going on here. There's 10 chunks, So there's 10 chunks. So it looks like it was actually capturing audio.
Christopher Hume: So that's interesting. It's not because sometimes they have situations where they just like record a whole session and don't capture any audio. Let's see what the note looks like. We can actually read the transcript. Okay. So I have no idea what's going on here because clearly the audio was captured properly. We're going to have to ask for more information. What kind of information was incorrect? It looks like everything was functioning. Love to see disregard. I wasn't able to find it. I found it. Okay, we're good. And so something that I just. If someone sends like three messages saying the same thing and you respond to one. We do need to lessons today. You do need to archive out your. The. The inbox. We're big inbox. Zero team here. So you would add an internal comment that said no response required.
Garden Gioia: Okay.
Christopher Hume: If it was someone who sent multiple of the same thing, you would just say responded in separate. At getting positive reinforcement. It does feel good. Need help replacing the language? So this woman says she wants to replace patient with client throughout without having to request every time. Do either of you have an idea on how we can do this?
Ryan McAnelly: Can't you just tell the AI to always do that?
Christopher Hume: That is one way you can train it you but you would have to train every single template.
Ryan McAnelly: Oh, okay.
Christopher Hume: The other way is when you sign up for job psych, you actually have to tell it whether you call your patients clients or patients.
Christopher Hume: If you go to your settings. And you go to wonder if it's actually too. Yeah. So if you go to languages, you can actually just click. I actually call them clients and change it.
Ryan McAnelly: Okay, cool.
Christopher Hume: That's just a setting. You go settings, language, patient, client. And this is also where you could select the language to speak.
Garden Gioia: Yes. Very cool. Okay.
Christopher Hume: Do you ever do sessions in other languages?
Garden Gioia: I don't know.
Christopher Hume: It's pretty, pretty unbelievable. Just like that. Some people are able to like, oh, some of my sessions are in English, some are in Spanish, some are in Spanglish. Like, can barely speak English.
Garden Gioia: I know. It's amazing that jot Psych can already adapt to like all those languages too. That's awesome.
Christopher Hume: It's very cool. So Shubkanda actually started responding to her down below. She needs to switch her note from psychiatry to addiction medicine. That's pretty unclear what that means. So we're going to ask her for more detail and say, hey, Chicanda, what kind of changes are you looking to make? Are you looking for a new template or just to make adjustments to your current template? Steven is another. He's a member of our advisory board. He's a customer. So he's sharing a bug. What we do here is be like, thanks, Steven, we'll pass this along to the engineering team. And then we would go. To that bug channel I showed you in Slack and just share this information.
Garden Gioia: Okay.
Christopher Hume: Thing I'd like to point out here is that oftentimes these chat blows out before we are able to respond. What you have to do is go, Stephen, click on his email address you can no longer see. And this pops out. And then you would switch it to contacts and you'd say, that's like for, hey, Steven, thanks for sharing the bug. That's just a little bit of a frustrating thing. So when the chat bot closes out, click on Steven's name, click on his address and make sure you're emailing from the. Contactsitech.com.
Garden Gioia: Okay. Okay.
Christopher Hume: Jill is having an issue where a behavioral health therapist and information from one patient go into another patient session. So what I would recommend here is asking the time the. The provider name and the time of the encounters and then we can start poking around to see. Okay. Did they actually record twice or did they just. Sometimes people just record straight through two sessions.
Christopher Hume: Be confused as to why that ended up in one. Note. We do a quick check to see if there's anything obvious. And then I. I recommend like setting up a one on one troubleshooting session to try to get to the bottom of this.
Garden Gioia: Okay.
Christopher Hume: Okay. And those are all the new tickets from today before I move to the assigned tickets to today. So follow ups to people we already tried to help. Any thoughts or questions here?
Ryan McAnelly: No, I think this is. I think it's great. But yeah, I always like seeing things because when I see it again, I'm like, oh, yeah, I've seen that before. Or it'll start picking up as you see it more often.
Christopher Hume: That's the goal. The goal is to help you guys see some of the patterns before you get thrown into the line of fire. Okay. Signed. This one is an absolute nightmare. It's like, it's actually kind of funny, but we'll review it. This woman asked for a. She said, I need to pay immediately. And then Nate's like, yeah, you can pay immediately.
Christopher Hume: And she's like, no, I actually need to pay today. Nate tried to charge, and then her car declined. And then she sent us like a kind of sad message about begging for free jot. Psych. So I don't know how I'm gonna deal with this. This would be one that I'd ask you guys to elevate to me. Like, this is a super weird situation, but to share with you.
Garden Gioia: What do you mean? Okay.
Christopher Hume: It also doesn't really make sense because she was responding to her own email saying, what do you mean?
Garden Gioia: Right, right, right, right. Okay. Huh.
Christopher Hume: And then on cue, Ola was asking me about how to add someone to her practice. Like, sure, I'll do it. Are they free? Like, no.
Garden Gioia: So that's.
Christopher Hume: Someone needs to need to explain kind of our pricing structure. Specific. Hi, Bola. Nope. Typically, adding Another clinician is $150 a month. If you prefer. And prefer an admin seat that is free, but they can't record.
Christopher Hume: Okay, How do you print the forms? Right now? We can't print forms. So the answer is like. Hey, Manuela, it's a really great point. Currently, you can't print forms directly from Jot Psych. I'm going to flag this to the engineering team. It's going to be something we're going to add to the product roadmap. This is the person who was having all the subscription issues this morning. We already reviewed her. And this person is canceling her subscription.
Christopher Hume: We already talked about this this morning. Right. It's like a class. Sorry to hear that. You won't be charged again. Could we just have some time to see if we can fix any of these issues? And I'd be happy to give you two weeks free. Whatever.
Garden Gioia: Okay. And wait, who did you escalate that one to?
Christopher Hume: I didn't escalate it to anyone. You guys escalated to me.
Garden Gioia: Okay. Okay. Got it. Great.
Christopher Hume: Yeah. Wish I escalated to someone. What a nightmare to deal with. This is. I'm like, this is crazy. Oh, oh, I'm sorry. Actually, that was the decision to give someone like two free weeks. The thing we need to escalate here is it's completely unacceptable that we have someone's credit card and she can't cancel her subscription. That is very crazy. That would be. You go at Marcus or whoever's on duty. Can we figure out what's going on here?
Garden Gioia: Okay. Okay.
Christopher Hume: So interesting. She asked twice about adding a user to her account. Is the same question for four. I gotta love Miguel. Dr. Stavati, this guy, I've met with him a few times. So nice. Just like, likes our product. I'll respond to him the additional monthly cost, $69 a month. You guys are aware. But for the like, when you guys start off, when you're responding to these tickets, no one's asking a pricing question. You just can slack me and confirm or tell you.
Garden Gioia: Okay.
Christopher Hume: So this is someone who set up an account. She owns the company, and she probably set up her administrator as the administrator and she's trying to upgrade her account. She can't. And so he's, one, asking us to make her the administrator. And two, they'll understand that some of our new features you can use a certain number of times. Then afterward it took off. What I would do here is, hey, Rich, more than happy to do that. I'll show you guys how we can make her an administrator. Also, you know, this is a premium feature. Would you like us to turn it on? So the name of the group is Southern Mentality. Good one for you, Ryan, down in Myrtle. So, and so you search organizations with this browse organizations button. Fatality. Oh, interesting. So it might be that you need to be a billing administrator to add, like, features because they're in charge of billing. But that's, like, super confusing and something that we're going to have to flag for the engineering team. Like, why is it telling a practice administrator that they need to check with their administrator? That's completely ridiculous. Hey, So this person's really sad they didn't get their notes. So what we do is we go, we check, we see if we can. Well, actually, so it already looks like it's not picking up any audio. So it looks like she met with Alfred schedule here. And she said, schedule on your calendar to meet tomorrow at 11:30. And we'd go in customer support and be like, hey, Alfred, what happened with Dr. Satya gov?
Christopher Hume: Then we could respond to her and close this out. Or Alfred, Nate was throwing him into the line of fire. The line of fire last week. Just throwing. Giving his. His calendar link to. Then this is one we'd have to check with Alfred, see what happened and then respond. So you probably have to what's going on here? And then tag him in slack. All right, let me pause for a second because I know I'm just like chugging along here. Any questions? Have I completely lost you guys?
Garden Gioia: I do have questions. I don't even know how to totally formulate them.
Christopher Hume: No, no, that's good.
Garden Gioia: I guess one would be like. So going back to like one of the earlier examples, you know, like you were like. We'll say like, of course we'll make sure your credit cards aren't charged. We can jump on the jump in a meeting and see if there's anything, you know, like we could do to learn about this a little bit more. Also here, two free weeks if you'd like. Do we, would we have the authority to offer two free weeks in that kind of scenario or do we have to sort of like ask you or someone else first?
Christopher Hume: You can, you can check with me, I think when you, when you're starting, like probably tomorrow, I don't want you to give everyone two free weeks. But two free weeks if someone's telling us to cancel their account is no big deal. Like not. We don't give it to people who are pissed or like, I need time, but if they're like, cancel my account. Okay, well we do like two free weeks because like what's, what's the harm? The marginal cost is almost nothing.
Garden Gioia: Got it. Okay. Okay. I'm sure I have other questions. Ryan, do you have any?
Ryan McAnelly: No, I'm just, I'm trying to absorb as much as I can.
Garden Gioia: Yeah, yeah.
Christopher Hume: Day one is tough. Day one is tough. So how we did this when I started is every day we had two 30 minute periods where like every non engineering person at the company just like got in here and responded to emails. Absolute anarchy. And like you know, you get in there and you try to kill as many easy ones as you could. And then like everyone would be like avoiding the like chalky difficult one with a problem customer and was a major tragedy of the Commons situation.
Garden Gioia: Oh, I actually wait, I do have a question that reminds me. You have a lot of like back history and context about these people you see in the inbox. Is there anything documented to be like this person? Is this like long standing client, this like mvp or like this like any sort of like anything where that's like documented?
Christopher Hume: I guess that is really good. No, we don't. No, I think the closest you're going to get is you'll have admin access, so you'll be able to see how big. Big people's accounts. So when you see like lazy me sends an email, you can go like, oh, let me check out Lasagna's account. Oh Holy. She has 25 people. Like let's respond right away and be super nice. Is kind of. And then you'll figure it out pretty quickly. Who's like the people who send us emails like omg, I love this. Like friends. The people who email us all the time. Frequent flyers.
Christopher Hume: And then the people with the huge clinics or the people the MVPs got it.
Garden Gioia: Okay.
Christopher Hume: For VIPs. Okay. These are all so old. Like I'm just not gonna go through, not gonna torture us any longer by going through week old tickets. I can't believe they're week old tickets in here. So I think the most easy to sit down and like answer all these. My goal for the end of this week into next week kind of as we're going through this, I think I realized that we're. I certainly think you guys will be able to start answering some of the easier ones and I won't ask you to send them, but writing drafts and the easier ones of these by the end of this week. And so I think probably Thursday, Friday, or at the very least Friday. Maybe Thursday. Instead of using this time for me to painfully torture you walking through support tickets, I'll use the time to painfully torture you where we can answer them together and then I'll review them and we can fire them off. Yeah. So just so you know, kind of how I see this week going.
Garden Gioia: Cool.
Christopher Hume: Any questions, thoughts, concerns about this week, about the tickets, about how things are going, Anything unclear, I would. Yeah, that's like the most important thing for me. I just don't want anything to be unclear for you guys. Want this to be forward as possible.
Ryan McAnelly: No, the biggest thing for me is I don't know what I don't know yet. So like yeah, I started seeing things over time. It's just going to be like, let's learn as much as possible and know who to go to all the time. And so yeah, go help.
Christopher Hume: Once I get you access to everything, you can kind of poke around before you're responding and look through front and look at slack. I'll make sure that you guys get that access tonight. Even if I have to coordinate. Get them to turn on your accounts.
Garden Gioia: Great.
Christopher Hume: Awesome. So I guess 10am Eastern tomorrow. Let me know if you need anything in the meantime. Ryan, I know you're reviewing stuff tonight, so if you have any questions feel free to fire those over for tonight. Over email tomorrow. You'll have slack. I'll get those answered. Any last questions? Cool.
Ryan McAnelly: No, appreciate it.
Christopher Hume: No, thank you both Looking forward tomorrow. And I'm really looking forward to getting you guys to drive next week, so be fun.
Garden Gioia: Awesome.
Christopher Hume: Talk to you guys later.
Ryan McAnelly: Bye.
Garden Gioia: All right, bye, guys. Big people's accounts. So when you see like lazy me sends an email, you can go like, oh, let me check out Lasagna's account. Oh Holy. She has 25 people. Like let's respond right away and be super nice. Is kind of. And then you'll figure it out pretty quickly. Who's like the people who send us emails like omg, I love this. Like friends. The people who email us all the time. Frequent flyers. And then the people with the huge clinics or the people the MVPs got it. Okay. For VIPs. Okay. These are all so old. Like I'm just not gonna go through, not gonna torture us any longer by going through week old tickets. I can't believe they're week old tickets in here. So I think the most easy to sit down and like answer all these. My goal for the end of this week into next week kind of as we're going through this, I think I realized that we're. I certainly think you guys will be able to start answering some of the easier ones and I won't ask you to send them, but writing drafts and the easier ones of these by the end of this week. And so I think probably Thursday, Friday, or at the very least Friday. Maybe Thursday. Instead of using this time for me to painfully torture you walking through support tickets, I'll use the time to painfully torture you where we can answer them together and then I'll review them and we can fire them off. Yeah. So just so you know, kind of how I see this week going. Cool. Any questions, thoughts, concerns about this week, about the tickets, about how things are going, Anything unclear, I would. Yeah, that's like the most important thing for me. I just don't want anything to be unclear for you guys. Want this to be forward as possible. No, the biggest thing for me is I don't know what I don't know yet. So like yeah, I started seeing things over time. It's just going to be like, let's learn as much as possible and know who to go to all the time. And so yeah, go help. Once I get you access to everything, you can kind of poke around before you're responding and look through front and look at slack. I'll make sure that you guys get that access tonight. Even if I have to coordinate. Get them to turn on your accounts. Great. Awesome. So I guess 10am Eastern tomorrow. Let me know if you need anything in the meantime. Ryan, I know you're reviewing stuff tonight, so if you have any questions feel free to fire those over for tonight. Over email tomorrow. You'll have slack. I'll get those answered. Any last questions? Cool. No, appreciate it. No, thank you both Looking forward tomorrow. And I'm really looking forward to getting you guys to drive next week, so be fun. Awesome. Talk to you guys later. Bye. All right, bye, guys.