Antoinette Taylor: Everybody needs a little cup of coffee. I got it.
Nathan Peereboom: So, Antoinette, I assume that you've met Emily. All right, great. Well, I know that today we're talking about Jotville.
Antoinette Taylor: Right?
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. Okay. Well, first of all, congrats on all the, again, like all the reception that you've gotten with your fly, you know, with your, with your Facebook posts and with your advertising. It sounds like a really, really exciting moment for you.
Antoinette Taylor: Yeah. I can't believe it. I mean, I do serve us suddenly, like, right now. God, I throw you.
Nathan Peereboom: All right, well, let me show you. I'm going to walk you through jot bill. Emily, Antoinette and I have. We've met a few times, and so I have a lot of the context on her practice already. And so this conversation is really just explicitly about understanding, like, how do we do billing? You know, how does it work? And, you know, if this is a good fit for you, Antoinette, then, then great. So first of all. How much, how much experience do you have with billing Antoinette? Have you done billing before?
Antoinette Taylor: Oh, very minor. But, I mean, I know the codes and what you got. That, that part, that's it. But I don't really get into it. Hence why I want to be involved in at least because I don't want to get in trouble, but I want to be able to go back and check.
Nathan Peereboom: That's my whole thing. Yeah. You're an above board person. I remember that from our first conversation. You're like, I don't want to break a rule. I just want to do it fairly, get paid for my good work. Nothing, nothing kind of fancy or clever here.
Antoinette Taylor: Right, right.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay. So the way to understand this is that, you know, you're sort of in an interesting cat and mouse game with payers. Have an interest in denying your claims because they make money by denying claims. And we have an interest in you getting paid. So there is like a little bit of adversarial, you know, dynamic there. But the thing is that when you contract with a payer, they, they tell you exactly what you need to be paid. They'll give you a contract and it'll outline, hey, this is for every CPT code, for every procedure. This is what we need to see in the note. And, you know, usually it's like a list of requirements. And so what we've done is we take those documents, we write the perfect note for you, and then we make sure you get paid based on looking at what happened in the visit. And what you have a contract with in, in terms of the payer. So our billing system is it's got some AI in it, but it's also, you know, human driven. We've got human beings like Emily who, who help us with that. And, you know, and the goal is to make it so that you just don't have to think about this at all, but that you do, you know, that you are basically getting paid in accordance with the contract that you wrote with the, with the payer. Does that make sense?
Antoinette Taylor: Yes, I get it.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, so if you use jot bill, the way that your experience in jot psych unfolds is, you know, you walk into the encounter, you can see eligibility right off the bat. We write a clean claim for you. You know, we, we write your note as well, and then you just sign the note and you're completely done. When you sign the note, we take everything off your plate and, you know, we submit the claim, etc. And then we give you an analytics dashboard that shows you exactly, like, what's going on with your, with your business. Okay. So, you know, just to walk through this in more detail, you know, we have the best eligibility check system in the world, like we use, you know, APIs, we use AI, we use humans. We can, you know, we can look at whether they're in network, whether the procedure is covered as well as, like, the fine print around, like, what they might need in order to, you know, for you to get paid. We have an engine that takes your private documents as well as public documents, puts them together and develops these rules that we're grading every note by. And then when, you know, when the bills come back, we can do auto appeals. You know, we can help you understand where you're getting underpaid or where payments lagging. And we'll also take care of your patient billing and collections. Any questions here?
Antoinette Taylor: Okay, so as you know, so you already know that I use the platform. So when I'm done with my note, sometimes I have to make a few, you know, modifications to my note with this line. And then if I sock and I sign the note in this system, then it automatically goes to, because it generates, of course, you know, it generates a cpts in the ICD-10s even the ones I put in. So once I sign the note. Then I, it will go directly to the billing department or does it stop it somewhere where there's an audit or what?
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, great question. Okay, so I think I'm going to open up my, my jot psych account here. So when you go to look at any note at this point, you have an audit that's built into the note. So every time there's a note, we audit it, we tell you your CPT code, and then we'll show you the rules that we're looking at and which ones might need some action. So, you know, maybe medical necessity statement is missing and, you know, a 90791 for this particular payer requires that. So you can, you know, make that change directly into the note. But the audit is happening on every note every single time. Does that make sense?
Antoinette Taylor: Yeah. Yesterday I went to look at, because, you know, I told you I can see where it changed in the audit came up. So I went to push it and said, oh, upgrade. I said, well, I don't want to upgrade right now.
Antoinette Taylor: So I thought it was sold. I already paid the 150. So the audit is not built in that automatically. You have to pay additionally for the audit.
Nathan Peereboom: Well, you don't have to pay additional for the audit if you're using jot bill. So jot bill is part like includes the audit product.
Antoinette Taylor: Okay, that's good to know. Okay. And so once you see that, well, let's, can we go back to that screen previously?
Nathan Peereboom: I had a CPT.
Antoinette Taylor: Please. Thank you. Okay, so here, when you miss. Okay, so when you're here rules at risk and, and medical necessity statement, does job site create the statement or do I have to write the statement?
Nathan Peereboom: It'll take a stab at it. So, you know, if I go like this, it'll, it'll take a stab at it. But you still have to, just like every part of the note, you still have to, like, look at it and make sure you. Yeah. Okay.
Antoinette Taylor: All right. So now just so I'm clear, I got that. I love it. I don't want to. I anticipate I'm going to be very busy, so I don't have time to just be spending hours with documentation and audits and all that stuff. I'm just making sure that when I submit my stuff, you know how I feel about that, that I am totally okay. So let me ask you something. Because I was on one of the ads last night. And they said it had 14 comments. And so then they had been filtered out, and I was like, okay, well, what are they saying? So I looked over at the emojis, and they had these, the mad face. And I'm like, just leave it in there so people can still make their decision. So I guess that was probably some negative information that was probably spewed by someone who wasn't happy. So I do want to see where I can see some positive reviews.
Nathan Peereboom: Sorry. Where is that, Antoinette? I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Maybe I don't understand.
Antoinette Taylor: Yeah, I'm on Facebook.
Nathan Peereboom: On Facebook.
Antoinette Taylor: I get so. Yeah. Yeah. It was on there last night. I was like. So I did see a couple people gave it, like, really good. Marks. And then I, I've been watching, just kind of see if we're getting any information because I've been using it. And then I saw a couple people in groups that I'm in saying, oh, yeah, I love it. I went to work with my friend. It's beautiful. I agree. However, I just want, you know, that I, I guess seeing that in the comments have been filtered out. It makes me think what, what was your problem? Like, what was wrong? Was it the platform itself? You know, was it the marketing and strategy that you not get what they told you you were going to get? Because signing a contract from UCI, you know how reluctant I am to signing anything. I just want to make sure that I'm getting what I signed up for because I don't want to create. I don't want to start over. And I, I love the platform. You already know that because. Yeah. So I just want to make sure that I wanted to just reiterate about citing things. I'm just, I don't want to be locked in to anything. I don't want nobody suing me for break reaching contract.
Nathan Peereboom: So let me address that, like, really directly, Antoinette for jot Bill. There's no commitment. So you sign up. And if you, if you don't want to continue with us at any point, it's not even like month to month. It's like moment to moment.
Nathan Peereboom: You can just leave at any point. There's no, there's no commitment. Now what we, the reason why we have a contract is because the way that our pricing works is it's four to eight percent of successful collections that we get for you. So if you sign a note and we submit it and go through the whole process, then, you know, we need some way to say, like, hey, you know, we had this agreement. We did all this work. Here it is. But if at any point you decide, hey, I'm not going to assign notes in JotSec anymore, or I'm going to send them an email saying, I don't want you to bill for me, then there's no, there's no commitment. There's no claw there.
Antoinette Taylor: Okay. So I'm on another platform. Where they're going to do their own billing. I'm just now just using that to build. Sure. So on my website. Trying to think.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah.
Antoinette Taylor: So on, on my actual website. No, I can still use the. No, I can still use jot sites on the note taking and just submit it a different way because I have to stay with their platform because that's where the patients are coming from. So, so, like growth therapy. Okay, so growth theory. Of course they're scheduling. They can grow therapy. But my notes are still going to be from job site because I do that for every platform I'm on. I still use jot safe platform. So doing that. Is that double, is that double dip? Is that double dipping? Is that.
Nathan Peereboom: No, no. I mean, well, you just decide where you want to do your billing. But my understanding, Antoinette, is that you wanted to start taking patients not on growth therapy because grow therapy takes a pretty large percentage of your revenue. Right.
Antoinette Taylor: Yeah. It's a low payer, but I'm not ready. I have to build. So I have to build a platform so I have to start somewhere. So I'm starting there because they'll pay into my, they'll paid the company and not me. So I'm building the practice. Gotcha. So I'm not, I'm not there yet, but I have to have something in order to get patients in. And once patients are getting in. We'll talk about transferring when I'm up and running fully because I'm not even there yet. You know what I'm saying? I probably have about a total of 10 patients across the three platforms that I'm on. But I'm, I'm consistently working to build, you know, I'm marketing, doing, you know, doing stuff like that on social media. So I just want to be able to say. That this is willing is only going to work when I do it on my own for the insurance companies that I am personally. Credential with.
Nathan Peereboom: Right. But you, you just got personally credentialed. Is that right?
Antoinette Taylor: Yeah. For three.
Nathan Peereboom: For three. Okay. So can I make recommendation to you? Yeah.
Antoinette Taylor: Okay. I'm not going to use jot site. I'm not going to use girl therapy for them.
Nathan Peereboom: Right. Okay, so here's what I would do. You know, you don't have to use our version of this, but I think you want some version of like a website for yourself where when you advertise, people can book directly into jot psych. And then we can just bill for the patients that you're not doing on growth therapy.
Antoinette Taylor: Okay.
Nathan Peereboom: That would be my recommendation to you. Because every time you bill with growth therapy, they're taking 20 to 30% of the dollars that you could otherwise be making. And that's just money right out of your pocket.
Antoinette Taylor: I know. So I'm trying to get to this thing. So let me ask you. How do you get. How do I get them to book? Through this?
Nathan Peereboom: Well, right now. Well, if you want this site, we can, you know, we can give it to you. Of course. But, you know, the idea here is that your job site calendar would have availability. They'd be able to go in, click a date, click a time, confirm the appointment. And then it would go directly to your job site calendar. You then have an intake form that automatically sent to them. You'd get their information. And then, you know, and then we would just go through. It would look exactly like this. So you would see if they were eligible. You do an intake, you see them, and then you just click sign on the note, and then we take everything else after.
Antoinette Taylor: Okay, so then. What I. So I like how the ease of this. And so once I can build, I'm never getting rid of job sit. E AI. So once I can build a little more, I apply for Medi-Cal that's pending. And of course, some other payers that I don't, that I'm traditionally for my company. Whatever grow with all those other people do, I'm just doing that over there. But I'm specifically trying to get me set up. So this is what I'm gonna do, Nate. So we, as I build, because I got other, if I could just tell you, you give me 30 seconds. You watching the clock? I walked into a place yesterday. I wanted to work there.
Antoinette Taylor: I wanted to be, I wanted to have an office there. Yeah. Yes, they and looked at it. Perfect. Space. Perfect money. And when the lady said, you know, we're building that assisted living right there, that's ours, right? Walking, like, cross the walkway. And she says, what did you say you do again? All right. So I'm just saying. So as we move and as I matriculate through this process, once I have more payers to empower, just empower, then I want to, I want to move on with the billing platform over here. But I'll let those people build when I do their stuff and as I bring my customers over in power, then we'll have the billing platform.
Nathan Peereboom: Available.
Antoinette Taylor: Yeah. I wanted to see what it looked like.
Nathan Peereboom: Can I just tell you one other thing, Antoinette? So I know you're starting up. Right? And so part of what you're thinking about is like, hey, I don't want a lot of like overhead cost as I get started, right? One great thing about the way that we've priced Jotville. Is it's you don't, we don't take any payment until you actually have money in the bank and it scales with your practice so you could in theory, this would be not very great for us, but like we like we love the idea of starting the relationship, but you would start out with a single patient. You know, you could start out with one patient that you see once a month. You know, we would make like $8 from it. And what's great about that is your system's all set up with like one or two or three patients. And as it scales, you don't have to worry about changing systems. You can just worry about seeing more patients. So. In my recommendation to you is set up the system that you want to work and then just focus on seeing patients and our pricing structure is such that like you are not going to get some kind of bill. Unless it's working, you know, unless you're like actually getting paid.
Antoinette Taylor: Right. But right now I can't, I don't feel comfortable placing two different. Systems on my website. I just need to use growth for now. Okay. But as I'm getting credentialed for in power. Over there. I'm coming back to here. I just wanted to see what it was like. I like the presentation. I understand it. It's very easy. I just need to do that because I don't have that practice set up yet. Okay. Okay. All right. Perfect. I'm on, we don't text each other. I might send you another testimony, but just we, I got crazy faith to know that it won't be long.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay. All right. Amazing. Well, we'll keep following up and you let us know whenever you're ready. All right.
Antoinette Taylor: I appreciate you so much. Thank you. Bye bye.
Nathan Peereboom: Thanks.
Antoinette Taylor: Bye.