Nathan Peereboom: I need to finish my seaweed, so I'm going to go off camera. Action. I'm going to read as well.
Becca Bressler: Nate, am I running this? You schedule this, but let me know if. If you are wanting me to run this.
Christopher Hume: Well, I'm gonna.
Nathan Peereboom: I'll, like, give the frame. I think I would like you to do most of the talking.
Nathan Peereboom: All right, folks, where are we?
Nathan Peereboom: We've launched JOTRx. People seem to be excited about it. People seem willing to pay for. Allows us to be very close to a system of record. And the closer we are to a system of record, the easier it is to offer billing. We want to roll this out as fast and as well as possible so the product team can get into the phase of refinement, move to other things, support Jackson as he builds out our actual billing pipeline. So we don't really want to linger if we don't have to. The question right now is what. What is our rollout strategy? What is the gate? What are the gates we're looking for? What are the things that we need to be wary of? Becca and I have talked about this a little bit, but yeah, Becca, I think that I'd love for you to just kind of present this. And then Jackson, Chris, Marcus, if you guys have feedback, advice, guidance, yada, yada, yada, then let's talk those through. But I think we should bring kind of everything we have to bear on just like getting this out the door so that we can move on to other things and so that we can get the credit for the good work that this represents. So, yeah, why don't we. Yeah. Okay. Becca. Oh, I'm sorry, Jackson, do you want to say something?
Jackson Bierfeldt: I just said. That sounds perfect. Pumped up. Let's do it.
Nathan Peereboom: Perfect. Becca.
Becca Bressler: Yeah, I'll be quick about this. Marcus and I sat down, put together, like a little rollout plan. A lot of this is for us to make sure we've checked all of our boxes. So statsic events created dashboards, you know, marketing materials, etc. The plan. So we sent out an email to our B2C users yesterday. It was. There are about 2,000 people that got it. Actually, we sent it to people who've deactivated their accounts or canceled, hoping that perhaps getting e prescription up and running could attract some of those users back. And then as far as like the in product rollout goes, we are making some adjustments to the onboarding. UX Lee's working on it right now. And so the plan is by next week to roll out at least you know, to start Maybe we put it in front of 100 people. We can dial it up but it's a banner basically that invites someone to either schedule an onboarding call with us or do a self serve onboarding. I think that one of the things like we've learned from past rollouts is that it's not really a matter of like putting it in front of 100 people and waiting two days and then putting it in front of 200 people. It's about getting the right n of people to use some something to tell us if it's working or broken. And so for me, what the going before going broad gates are though perhaps we need to go broad to even like hit this end right Is we want to see in the data that there's not like a very clear and obvious drop off in self serve onboarding. If in fact that's a path that a lot of people are choosing and so that we can identify where that maybe is happening and fix it. I think that we want to make sure that our controlled substance activation is scalable, which I think it should be really soon. We were just talking with Dose Spot about it. Currently though there's a manual process where we have to go into the admin panel and send a two factor authentication to the text message. So wanting to make sure that that's like a scalable system and we're not setting ourselves up for a situation where you have a ton of people in front angry that they can't do things and we're kind of putting out fires, prescribing errors.
Jackson Bierfeldt: So yeah, one question on, on that the manual intervention. Is it like we have to know somebody needs our attention and we go in and just like click a button one time or is it like oh, we have to get on the phone and talk to them and like like how manual is now.
Becca Bressler: Yeah. So Marcus, you unmuted. Do you want to.
Marcus Irven: I'll just say, well this is something that we can automate. We're going to automate this week. This is like a non issue. Great. Hopefully.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Okay.
Becca Bressler: It just hasn't been done yet. So worth calling out that it's not done right now. And then prescribing errors or like integration errors like people clicking and not being able to open Dose Spot for for some reason and we currently don't have like telemetry. I mean we haven't. We've heard from a couple users some errors that they've had those have gotten resolved namely you know, being able to prescribe for use for patients under 18. But yeah, I just think like in my view we want to learn the most we possibly can from the fewest number of users, so that when we put something in front of most of our users, we know it's really solid. And, like, hopefully that means we actually learn really, really quickly and can turn this on for everyone in, like, a week. But that's what I see as. The gates to go. Broad here.
Nathan Peereboom: Hey, can I make a question here?
Becca Bressler: A what?
Nathan Peereboom: I just want to make a recommendation that I was thinking about yesterday. We know that we've had some hard customer service moments over the last month and a half. I think that a two birds with one stone strategy would be we get a list of every upset customer who's reached out to us in front over the last month and a half, and we say, hey, we're going to give you your first month of Dose Spot for free. Like, we know that it's like $10 for, you know, for most people, that's the promotion. But in the interest of having loud, sensitive, high feedback loop people in it first and as a way of like, soothing what has been like, a pretty bumpy experience for people over the last month and a half, it might be like a strategic thing to like, you know, even have a call list and have, like, I don't know, a few of us, like, just banging the phones, like, getting that out the door, like as a. As a phone call sort of like mea culpa slash onboarding thing. I don't know how you feel about that, but I do think that the general population is not as high signal as the people who reach out to us in prior.
Becca Bressler: What do you mean by high signal? Like, you think the majority of people aren't going to let us know if they buy Dose Spot and then have an error prescribing, but some. Some of our angry customers are going to?
Nathan Peereboom: I mean, I. Yeah, I mean, I guess I think that there's a certain population of people that's more likely to tell us when they're upset. And I think that if the goal is, as you said, to expose the fewest number of people to this with the highest signal, we should probably select for people who we already know are in the habit of giving us feedback.
Becca Bressler: Yeah, I mean, I guess, like, we don't know that those are people that are interested in prescribing with dose spots or us. So that's just, like, one thing to consider. I'm curious, Nate, how that impacts the rest of this. Is it like, we should spend three days calling people, getting them to use it before we turn it on for any users in product, like, how does that interact with the rest of this?
Nathan Peereboom: I'm not sure the place to put it, but I'm just. I'm sorry, I'm. I think that was just an idea that I wanted to put on the table before. Something like. Because I think part of the challenge that we're all having is do we want to roll something out at a self service scale if we're not sure that it's working perfectly? And so part of the email yesterday was essentially to do a high touch.
Becca Bressler: Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: Process of just, you know, now we have six more people who we're going to onboard and you know, have a relationship with who are going through the software. There are probably different flights. Of that six is probably not enough. The number in my mind is like 30. I think we should have like 30. 30 people who we know and we can get a lot of feedback from who are on. On JohnRx before maybe the self serve option. But I do want to get those 30 on like next week. Like I want to get them on as fast as possible so that we can, can kind of fix whatever needs to be fixed and then self serve maybe the, the week you get there.
Becca Bressler: I mean, the thing about the fixing, what we need to fix fix is we're not really learning about onboarding from those conversations. I'm not sitting there being like, hey, show me how you would do this. You know, like I'm holding someone's hand through it. So is your sense onboarding so people as quickly as we can to learn about issues with dose spot with prescribing from job psych, not the, not the actual onboarding flow.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, I think I'm less concerned with the onboarding flow because there's part of me that's like, hey, worst case scenario, it's a one time thing and we can just train up a bunch of customer support people who can call folks and be like, hey, if you have 10 minutes right now, I'll get you started on E Prescription.
Becca Bressler: Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: So I'm less concerned about the onboarding. I'm more concerned about once they're using it every single day. Is this an experience that's good enough that they love our software more and that it makes their experience in jots like better and it makes it such that they want to go and tell their friends about it? Like, I'm way, way, way more sensitive to the repeated daily experience than the one time onboarding.
Becca Bressler: Yeah, but okay, that though requires it being in the hands of some people for a decently long amount of time before putting in front of everyone. So is that kind of the suggestion, Nate? Like let's onboard 30 people by hand, watch them for a week or two before going broader. Like I'm just trying to move what you're saying into like tactical next step decisions. Maybe a misunderstanding.
Marcus Irven: I can't feel like, like we've had it in the hands of some people like a week, 10 days. Like what, what's the feedback so far?
Becca Bressler: We have not had it in the hands of people for that long.
Marcus Irven: Last Monday was the first day.
Becca Bressler: Let me look at my calendar.
Marcus Irven: Doesn't matter how many days. Do you have any feedback from people on whether it's working?
Becca Bressler: We got feedback from siobhan about the 18 year old not being able to work. I don't know if this other person we onboarded has even used it. I don't even think we have that set up yet. So I can email and ask, but I haven't heard anything from her. And then we, like, just got people kicked off today and I just let them know that they were able to prescribe because of the delay that exists when they're coming from a different E prescription software. So haven't heard anything from Amanda Smallman. Most of the people other than this woman Siobhan though are like testing it, testing it to see if they'll want to bring their clinicians over so they're not like diving in to use it. I mean what we could do is just put the banner in front of all of our users that says book onboarding call, you know, not like start setting up, you know, which is an option. And then to get like a high number of like interest. Kind of what we did with our email except in app and like not even give people the option to go through the self serve.
Marcus Irven: How many people responded to the email?
Becca Bressler: So two people signed up with me, six people signed up with Lee and I think that's it so far.
Nathan Peereboom: Right.
Becca Bressler: Because no one signed up with you.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, that's accurate. I mean that's a pretty good response for like a cold. I mean in my mind a cold email that asks you to book a meeting, given it's been out for less than 24 hours, unfortunately.
Becca Bressler: But we'll see tomorrow how it goes.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah.
Jackson Bierfeldt: How many prescriptions have gone through is another way to ask it.
Becca Bressler: We don't know. We can't. We haven't set up the. That was on like a ticket for today, but we don't have data showing us that. Yeah.
Jackson Bierfeldt: So there is a possibility that the five people who have signed up and haven't said anything to us yet, they're just like, yeah, I figured it out, I'm happy.
Becca Bressler: Definitely possible.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Cool.
Marcus Irven: Is it worth like doing a reach out to those people?
Nathan Peereboom: Guys, I know that we don't have time to train our software, but do we have like a ghost spot admin account that allows us to see what's going through there?
Nathan Peereboom: I mean we really should be able to see like something that's a heuristic abuse.
Becca Bressler: I feel like, I wonder if we can.
Marcus Irven: Isn't there a report section?
Becca Bressler: Let me see.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Don't they send us a webhook?
Marcus Irven: They do. I don't know if it's not. It's not. They're not. Long story short, we're not getting it called yet. That was something. We were talking about them today, but I don't think that has pres. Actually, I'm not sure if that has prescriptions in it or not.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Okay.
Marcus Irven: But. But we're not. It's not being called yet.
Becca Bressler: So so far I don't see any patients in, In here. So I don't know if there's anything wrong with the admin panel, but so far I'm not seeing any patients for any of these organizations.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Is it possible that no one has used it yet?
Becca Bressler: I know Siobhan has used it. It. I know that she has.
Marcus Irven: And if you look to the reports section, Becca, there's a report section where you can look and hold.
Becca Bressler: Let's see. Yeah, Siobhan's used it, and Amanda Smallman has used it.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Okay. And that's it. No one else has used it.
Becca Bressler: Yep.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Okay, so we should probably reach out. I mean, I. Yes, we want to roll out to more people, for sure, but we also want to get the information out of the people who are using it. Haven't some of them paid us for it?
Becca Bressler: Yeah, but they're getting, like, $10. They're getting, like, their first month's $10, basically. Okay.
Marcus Irven: Yeah, yeah, you can use the reports, Becca, you can't see the users of the reports.
Becca Bressler: Oh, I can see. I can actually share it if you want. Yeah, yeah.
Marcus Irven: I'm looking at. On my side. Great.
Jackson Bierfeldt: So we want to do two things. One is we want to, like, maximize the information from the people who are using it. And two is we want to, like, slowly, or maybe not slowly, but, like, not too quickly, roll out to more people. Right. Those are the two goals.
Becca Bressler: I think so, yeah. I mean, yeah, we want a good signal for more than two people. I just think we don't want a bad experience for a lot of people, so. Right.
Marcus Irven: So there's no. There's no sign right now that people are getting a bad experience. Right.
Becca Bressler: No, but we put it in front of two people, so.
Marcus Irven: I know, but I'm just saying, like, there's not, like, down from people.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah. I would like to know, though, for the people who paid and are not using it, like, what is going on there and how can we find out?
Becca Bressler: So I can literally walk you through the stories, which is two of those people were onboarded today and only recently able to send prescriptions because there's a little bit of a delay from when they sign up and when they can prescribe if they're coming from a different prescription platform. I got Jorge on yesterday, but we didn't end up onboarding any of his clinicians. So no one's prescribing there. Amanda I onboarded. She's prescribing. We've had a no show. Siobhan, I onboarded. She's prescribing. Two people I met with weren't ready to move over to us. And then there's one person who I signed up, Kimberly. Last week. Who? I can email her and ask, but I don't know what's going on there.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Okay. So, Kimberly, it sounds like the only one that, like, we would expect to be using it and isn't everyone else is like, at various statuses in the middle there. Okay, great. So then we got eight more people who responded to the email that want to be onboarded.
Becca Bressler: Mm.
Jackson Bierfeldt: So, I mean, that sounds great. That sounds like a full doubling of the amount of people. We should probably just let it run for a week with those people plus the ones that are already in. Really kind of like, stay close.
Becca Bressler: Yeah.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Hey, what's going on? How's it working? What's it like?
Jackson Bierfeldt: You know, just like, keep it to 20 people, but keep close tabs on them. And then once we're like, hey, we have observability now, 106 prescriptions have gone through. Things are working like that, I think would be to me at least, like the signal of, like, okay, let's throw it to way more people and let them come.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. I think that my view is this is like a marketing campaign. It's going to, like, take a while for people to warm up, get set up, get comfortable, switch over. And I just want to start the clock as fast as possible. Like, we know this is functional for two people. I mean, they're moving, what, 50 prescriptions through this so far. Like, it's functional. It's being run by another company, which does that number. I'm looking at the number of entries on this page and I'm multiplying by the pagination on the bottom right.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Oh, I didn't even got it.
Nathan Peereboom: So I feel like, yes. Like, I feel like it's actually not good enough of a sample. Like. Or like, I don't want to sit on it rollout wise for a week. I think that if the conversion is the same for the next eight people as it was for the first, roughly eight, then we're only going to have four people using this. It's like, not really a meaningful enough number to justify saying, like, oh, we know so much more at the end. So I think that we should really try and get as many people as possible to schedule onboarding meetings with us. We can slow it down. I was saying this to Becca. Like, if we feel like we need to slow it down, we can just meet with these people and be like, hey, perfect, we got all your information. It's going to turn on for you next week. You know, we can control the tap as much as we want, but I really don't want to just kind of like slow roll this in, in the way that we're doing it because the end is just not going to be significant enough by the end of next week as is.
Becca Bressler: I mean, that's. We can put that banner on our app, right? We can take the self serve piece of it away. We can just put a banner and saying E prescriptions here, book an onboarding, put that in front of everyone or 500, you know, and just, you know, we know a lot of people don't need open emails or whatever. I think that could be a good path to getting a big number because as the way I see it too, like some of this is about learning, like what are what we need to build next, right? So we know that some people have supervisors. We know some people have admins that need to be able to queue up. Some people. The fact that we aren't yet pulling medication back into our software is a deal breaker. And I just kind of want to learn.
Nathan Peereboom: Like.
Becca Bressler: Yeah, it's not a secret. I just put one. I just sent one message out.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah, like the not yet reasons or the why not reasons.
Becca Bressler: What was that, Jackson?
Jackson Bierfeldt: Compiling the not yet reasons or the why not reasons.
Becca Bressler: Yeah, we are.
Jackson Bierfeldt: No, I'm saying that's a great reason to roll it out to a lot more people.
Becca Bressler: Yeah.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Okay, so if. Yeah, then if, if we are okay with you, Marcus and Lee being on potentially that many calls, then I think we should do it.
Becca Bressler: I mean, I'm gonna be out of town this Friday.
Nathan Peereboom: Next Friday.
Becca Bressler: So that like, you know, everyone needs to be aware of that. That like.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, yeah, no, this is, I think this is a perfect thing for Lee and I to just pack our schedules next week for. And if we tap out of our calendars, so be it. But like, let's absolutely get slammed next week on calls and try and like get as many people onto this like, little boat as possible. And then Becca, ideally you come back and we've got like a really, really clear, like here are the three things we have to build. You know, two of them we got done on Wednesday with Marcus and. And we're ready to like actually focus on it being self serve.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Great question then for me is like how far away are we technically from actual self serve of this?
Jackson Bierfeldt: Because if we have to, you know, we're not far, not at all.
Becca Bressler: Like I'm just test. You know, it's basically there. Like the things that we're working on right now is just making it obvious how you get where you have to go next. What's the first place you have to go to? What's the second place you have to go to? What's the third place? That's basically all we're doing here for self serve.
Jackson Bierfeldt: So the onboarding calls mostly for us to just learn about the shapes of how people anticipate it working and what, like I just said the what why nots and the not nows.
Becca Bressler: Yes, it's the why nots not now. It's not watching them go through the onboarding because I'm very much directing people where to go because we don't yet have the next go here. Next go here. Like it does require telling someone what to do. But yes, it's. It's been the must have soon. Tomorrow. Like we're. Yeah, I was just testing it. It's not working perfectly. But like Lee and I were looking at it together. Yeah. Like Marcus, I don't, I don't see why it could not be done by tomorrow. I just. Yeah. There's just some parts. There's some parts of it that are confusing. Even if our onboarding is good because of what's happening off screen, what's happening in do spot and I just kind of. We can move to. I'm here to support you and answer your questions as you get set up. Oh yeah, right. Totally Nate. So maybe want people to book, but. Yeah, exactly. Great. That's. That's that. Yes. That makes total sense. We can move to a. More like we're going to watch you do it and be here to support you.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. The, the alpha and that information is enormous. Like just seeing where someone gets tripped up, it's like really, really, really helpful.
Becca Bressler: Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: I mean I think that that would be as a goal, I mean as an engineering goal for the next like 24, 48 hours. If we're able to get to a place where. When Lee and I are doing these onboardings next week, we. That's the approach. Hey, we're super excited you're here for E Prescription. Tell us about your E Prescription process. What's important to you? I'm just going to watch you go through it. It's really self explanatory. You just let me know if there's anything that doesn't make sense and I'll like help you through it. But like it's all pretty clear on the screen. Like that's the best scenario. So you know again for, for us getting really comfortable with a true self serve rollout.
Marcus Irven: When Becca returns and Becca on these, on these appointments, are we sending. Letting them know all the information or all of the things that they need to have when they're onboarding. Like the driver's license has to be there, the credit card like because I know that something onboarding that was on like that was the biggest thing. Like people were just having to go get them from the car and stuff like that.
Becca Bressler: Yeah, I haven't been emailing people about that. It's a part of this onboarding experience like when it becomes self serve which is like letting people know this is what things are going to have to have. But I haven't been onboard. I haven't been emailing though. It hasn't been an issue for me the last few. I've done. All right, cool.
Nathan Peereboom: So let's just talk some. Some tactics here. So. Okay, question one. Where are we going to probably be by the time that Becca departs for the week? Like, what should. What should Lee and I expect in terms of, like, where the product is?
Becca Bressler: I think that his UX. Improvements should. We should expect those to be done that help guide the onboarding. I don't know Marcus, maybe you can speak to some of the web hook questions you were asking Marian if those will happen.
Marcus Irven: There's just one. The one thing that needs to be automated is after they do the Eddie proofing there's something has to trigger in those spot that that they can start doing the two factor authentication. So we need a webhook from dospot to let us know the ID proofing is done so we can make that API call super trivial. The problem is we're not getting our webhooks aren't being called so we're working with those on that. So I'm hopeful that by Friday that that'll be in place. Just there's nothing complex about it at all.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay. Awesome.
Becca Bressler: Oh yeah. And the telemetry should be set up right. Like there's no reason why that would take. No.
Nathan Peereboom: Seeing that we can pull it from dose spot. My reaction is like deprioritize the telemetry if you need to cut something right.
Becca Bressler: Because we can see it here and this is like csvable.
Nathan Peereboom: Like we can literally cut this in a gazillion ways.
Becca Bressler: Yeah. I also this is not products but I have like a support doc for you and Lee so that we can walk through it together. But like common issues that have come up with Dose spot or two factor authentication. I have like a script for you guys basically. So.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, perfect. That sounds good. And then I guess like in terms of modality of reach out like Chris brought up the idea of several more customer IO blasts. I think that's smart. I also agree that we probably should send a text or two. And then thirdly like we should do the banner if it's easy and not a big lift. Becca, is that. Is that slew of things something you feel comfortable kind of getting out the door setting up before you depart on Friday? It's okay.
Becca Bressler: Text messages? No, I don't know anything about how that works. The email campaign. Yeah, I could probably figure that out because I've been spending a little time in customer IO. I'm a little nervous. Like we know that open rates decline the more emails you send. We know that it triggers spam. Like if we're going to do something in app that is far more visible than an email in my view so. But maybe I'm misunderstanding what campaign means and you actually need one a week or.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, no, it's a good point. I mean we should be somewhat careful about how we do emails Chris, you're kind of the expert on this.
Christopher Hume: Expert is a strong word, I think. Yeah. We send so many emails and texts, that might be something we want to be. I certainly agree it's something we need to be. Cognizant of. But I think if we want to send a couple more for this thing, it's fine. That's. Yeah, we use customer IO for that. We. Anyway, my big concern actually would be calling everyone to try and get them on board. I kind of want to save that powder for kind of when we're ready to like really lock and load because I, I don't know how many times we can call people. So I would go with the pop up and then maybe just another email or text, not a pop up. Wait, you're so right. I was doing a demo today and there were so many pop ups on my screen I thought I was, thought I wasn't going to make it.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, I mean attention is just such a finite resource. I think. Becca, we know that part of like what we're trying to figure out here is like what's our emotion for releasing new products? You know, like we just want to have a play that we run every time. And so if your theory is like, hey, we do just pop ups in it, we do one email, one pop up, one text or something like whatever it is, I think that I'd love for you just to have a strong thesis about it so that we can do the same thing with, you know, with the other EHR features, with our self serve billing, with jot cred, with whatever, all the other things that we're like getting ready to kind of ship out the door. It should be like the exact same process. Just out of simplicity, of course.
Becca Bressler: Like, yeah, I kind of agree though. Like, don't you think some things are worth like, like the Chrome extension doesn't have the exact same playbook as like billing. Right. I think that I understand the desire to have it, but I do think not all features are created equal. Rollouts are created equal, you know, like anyways,
Nathan Peereboom: yeah, I think it's like, if we're going to be really sophisticated about this, then let's just bring to bear a really, really robust framework. But if we're going to vibe it every time, I'd rather just kind of 80, 20 the whole thing and be like, yep, it's true, E prescription is more important than jot shuttle, but it doesn't matter because we have one way of announcing features. And so I kind of. If we have to be simple in order to save ourselves reasoning from first principles on every single product launch, I think I'm willing to make that kind of trade off. But if you're like, wait, no, no, there's like actually like a better framework here then. And I know that you've actually kind of written some of this in, in your rollout memo about there being, like, you know, different degrees of severity of product change. But at least for this one, let's have something that's repeatable for this type of product launch, because we're going to have a few of these. I mean, I can think of a few right off the bat. I mean we're definitely going to do it for job bill. You know, like whenever we have self serve billing, we're gonna have that. When we do analytics and reporting, we're going to ship something there. When we do something that's interesting around patient record investigation, like the ability to dialogue with your patient record, we're going to need to have like something that's like kind of big and splashy. We need to get good at the big and splashy stuff. Even if we stoop and do big and splashy for our smaller features.
Becca Bressler: Does anyone, like, who can I talk to about the frame these framework? Like, I just do not have capacity before I leave town to like define a framework for all of our rollouts and like implement it for sure.
Nathan Peereboom: No, you don't have to. You don't have to.
Becca Bressler: That's.
Nathan Peereboom: Sorry, that's not the ask. Let's just you jot our X rollout really well and that's like a post
Jackson Bierfeldt: hoc, like what did we learn from this and how do we framework it ties it later.
Jackson Bierfeldt: You don't need to write that right now.
Nathan Peereboom: It's post hoc, but. Yes, exactly, it's post hoc. But I think that like what I'm trying to like really bang the table on here is we need to, we need to be more courageous about our product rollouts. We are not good at product rollouts. We launched a bunch of different products that we're now pricing and you know, like, and this is my fault too. It's not. It's just like as an organization, we are too timid and undisciplined about the way that we roll out new features. And I think that that means we don't get as much credit in the market for features that we roll out. Like in my opinion, we should have had a really splashy rollout for the arbitrary document generator. You know, I think that's super underused for like this reason. Even though, you know, it's not what Chris would call a 10x er. It is something that's genre changing. That's really novel.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Rollout education a little bit.
Nathan Peereboom: I'm not confusing.
Jackson Bierfeldt: It's still under credit for that. And it doesn't have to do with the rollout necessarily.
Nathan Peereboom: Oh, Jackson. What do you mean by the difference? I see them as like literally the same thing. Rollout is just to say like, when are we starting education and how do we start education?
Jackson Bierfeldt: Okay, yeah, sorry. I guess I'm still just stuck in the part of the conversation. That's like trying to decide what we have to build next and knowing what people need in order for it to be useful and, like, the development of it. And not so much just how do new users discover it. But there is obviously overlap on that Venn diagram.
Nathan Peereboom: No, that's a good point, actually. Okay, now, that's the difference. The difference is that in the rollout, we have to be careful because we're still confirming that it's not a destructive thing for people.
Jackson Bierfeldt: And we're building the plane as we're flying it, and we have to know which part of the plane to build next, you know, so that's another huge part of this is like, how do we get the strongest signal from the people who really tell us, like, oh, yeah, this is actually meaningful, and we need to have it in order. To unlock things versus someone just being like, oh, yeah, you know, well, this other one has this. And I like it. Like, we have to be able to separate that stuff. We have to be able to, like, aggregate feedback at a large scale and figure out what to do next, what people actually pay for.
Jackson Bierfeldt: And that's like an important part of a thing that's being built as we go as opposed to something that's like, already done. And people just need to learn how to use it.
Marcus Irven: I mean, I think all of this is roll out, though. Like. Like, how do we learn from things? How do we. How do. Starting from the very beginning of like, getting information about interest is kind of rolling it out. Like, it's just a big, long, complex process. So we. That we aren't very good at.
Nathan Peereboom: I guess what I'm feeling on JoTRx, if I had to like, really put a finer point on it, is that we have something that does work. I think maybe. And again, someone needs to kick back and tell me I'm wrong here, if I'm wrong, because I could be. But in my view, I'm like, this is a third party that moves prescriptions. We know that it works. We know that people are using it. There's not a technical reason to be afraid of what's happening.
Nathan Peereboom: It's not ambiguous. Like something that's driven by AI. It's pretty deterministic. Like, maybe I'm just being like, too, like cotton candy brain here, but I'm just like, wait, like, this is actually just a marketing exercise right now. The product is going to.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yes, we do have examples. Even in our low end of people saying, oh, I couldn't use it. For people under 18, someone said that they can't use it because the medications aren't coming back yet. We don't really want to, like, hit 2,000 people with something that's half baked.
Becca Bressler: Right.
Jackson Bierfeldt: A hundred people with something that's half baked and then bake it more.
Nathan Peereboom: Well, sorry, but to that point, if we're going to hit someone with. If we're going to get 100 people on this, we have to actually be advertising it to like 10,000 people. Because again, it just takes people a long time to get to a place where they make a decision to try something.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: And so that's why I'm like, I think we're just like, vastly underestimating, like, the value of just getting early adopters in early. Being honest that it's beta, of course, Jackson, like building a plane as we fly. But, like, ultimately, like, we just need 100 people on it, right?
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah, but the plan literally says that we're rolling it out to 200 people on Friday. Right. Can you share that again, Becca? Am I misunderstanding that?
Becca Bressler: No, you're not.
Jackson Bierfeldt: So we have. I think that is the right thing, right? Like, we. We don't need to go any higher than that. That's probably the right number.
Becca Bressler: We can do 100 people, but.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, but 100 is not enough, though, because at 100, let's say that, like, 5% of people schedule meetings, and then, like, 40% of those. People actually start using. It's only like two people.
Becca Bressler: Yeah. I'm just trying to understand, like, Nate, it sounds like you think this has been moving slowly. Our first person who we onboarded was Friday. We now have like five or so people onboarded. We have through that process, heard about it not working for people under 18, which just got fixed today. We've obviously learned about a couple of roles that people need access to in order that they can get on it. I'm working on requirements for what those roles are. I talked to do spot about it. We are fixing the onboarding ux not even just for self serve. Like, you know, even when we're sitting with someone who's doing it themselves. This is going to be really helpful to learn, like, what hasn't happened here that should have happened here or no, no.
Nathan Peereboom: Becca, you're mistaking my sense of urgency for displeasure. I'm not displeasured at all. You guys are doing a great job. I'm super happy with how things are going. I feel urgency mostly just because I'm stoked about the quality. Like, I, like, I totally agree. Like, I think that things have been going well.
Becca Bressler: Yeah, that's kind of what I was wondering is things have not been going well because.
Nathan Peereboom: No, no, no, no, no. It's not that. It's not. I'm not like, there's no negative thing here. This is a celebratory sense of urgency. It's the urgency you have when you're like, waiting for Christmas morning and it's Christmas Eve and you're trying to fall asleep and like, you just kind of want to, like, get through the night. Like, that's what it is. Like, I'm just a little kid. It's Christmas Eve. I just kind of want to, like, get to Christmas Day. And the whole point of this meeting is just like, how do we do that as fast as possible?
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, it's not you guys. No criticism. Like, I'm really, really happy with how this has gone.
Becca Bressler: Okay, well, it sounds like maybe the thing we can do is turn the banner on, like tomorrow, Friday. Make it so that the banner is only booking onboarding calls so we're not pushing people towards self serve filling up calendars. And then by the time I get back, there will be a lot of learning for that. Yeah. And I already have information about these, like, other roles that I'll have stuff written up. So if you guys, like, want to pick up some of that while I'm gone, things can keep moving.
Jackson Bierfeldt: When you say role, do you mean like, like front desk role. Like that? Kind of.
Becca Bressler: Yeah. So, yeah, like an assistant who can queue it up or a supervisor. So some people in some states, even if they're prescribers, need an MD to sign off on, like, stimulants, for instance, so that's a different arrangement.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Okay, awesome. Can you get me that as soon as you can? Because I'm figuring out the supervisor role for Valcort right now, and it would just kill two birds with one stone.
Becca Bressler: Yeah, for sure.
Christopher Hume: I'm sort of a monster for bringing this up with, like, 15 seconds left to the meeting. But just a quick question. Why are we putting. PRI prioritize like, so I be stupid. You've all talked about it. But why are we prioritizing putting JOT RX in the banner and do our blasts for that as opposed to putting JOT audit onboarding in the banner? Just like flagging. Because as kind of we alluded to, there's only so many times we can push through the same channel. And which do we see as the better MRR lever for the next, like, two months?
Becca Bressler: I certainly think it's John rx. Yeah.
Christopher Hume: Okay. Okay.
Becca Bressler: Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: I think Chris, and my part of what's going on here too is like, I've been on all these. I've been like, what, 20 job build calls in the last, like five, 10 days. Everyone's excited about job bill until they hear about John rx and then they just want John rx. So, like, also, it's just like a wedge product for like all that. It's fine. We'll like, get the job building done too. But, like. But yeah, there's definitely, like, something to squeeze here that we should squeeze. Okay, great.
Christopher Hume: Thank you.
Nathan Peereboom: Here's. Here's a last question and then we can be done. Becca and Marcus, what do you guys need from me to really get this over the finish line in my mind? Like, I've, like, cleared my calendar. Like, Wednesday and Friday next week are completely blank for me. I have, like, completely open schedule. I can meet with 20 people over those two days. What else do you guys need from me in order for this to feel easier or more doable?
Becca Bressler: I just want to set up time with you and Lee tomorrow to walk you through some stuff and go over the documents to help with your onboarding.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay. Wait. I'm so sorry, Becky. Can you see that one more time?
Becca Bressler: Oh, yeah. I have some materials for you and leet. I want to walk you through how it works. The admin panel.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, etc.
Becca Bressler: So that's kind of it for me.
Nathan Peereboom: Can you pop. Yep, that sounds fine. Can you also export that document with the prescription volume? Like, I think it'd be really fun. Like, I'm just going to come up with a. I just want to cut it up and like, throw it in slack.
Becca Bressler: Yeah. Cool.
Becca Bressler: I can do that right now. Yeah. Marcus, how about you?
Marcus Irven: I'm good.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, cool. For engineering week next week, I guess we should touch base on this. But how? Actually, sorry, this is not the meeting for. It's not the meeting for. This is great, Marcus. Becca, let me know how I can be supportive. Really, really excited about this. I'm sorry. If it came across like I was upset, I'm. I promise. I swear to God I'm not. And I just want to be evangelical about getting this to as many people as possible as fast as possible. Okay, cool.
Becca Bressler: Chris, can I just ask if you have, like, campaign related. Like, I actually think we should do, like, one announcements for products and then, like, monthly. Here's what's new. Here's like, feature kind of stuff related to that. And then, like, we can obviously add something about this into a campaign for new users.
Becca Bressler: But if you have a different perspective on, like, feature release campaigns or whatever, would. I would love to hear it because that's kind of my press release. We have that for this.
Christopher Hume: But if we're comfortable just doing the banner, I think that's definitely the best thing because you're only going to get a few clips through the.
Becca Bressler: It's Nate. It's scheduled, so they recommended Monday, so it has a full week to get picked up. But they're going to email you once it's live because I'm going to be gone. You'll get a notification so you can post it.
Becca Bressler: Yeah, but I don't.
Christopher Hume: I think if we're comfortable using the banner, that's definitely the way to go.
Becca Bressler: Cool. Easy, easy. Not it's not me who's doing it, but anyhow. Okay. All righty. Bye, everyone.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Thank you.
Nathan Peereboom: Thanks, everyone.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Bye.