tabitha: My office manager, and I was like, oh, my God, I forgot.
tabitha: I thought I had set my alarm. I'm so sorry. Thank you. For doing that. That's not usual of me.
Nathan Peereboom: Tabitha, this might surprise you, but you are not the only person who runs three minutes late to a meeting. It's totally fine.
tabitha: It drives me nuts.
Nathan Peereboom: Nice just to have a little breather. My mom and dad, they collect those mugs from Starbucks.
tabitha: Oh, yeah, Me too.
Nathan Peereboom: When did you start collecting them?
tabitha: Well, I did it because, long story short, I was a fearful flyer for many, many years.
tabitha: And for 20 years, I did not get on an airplane.
tabitha: I wanted to fly. And I said, when I start flying, I'm going to do something special everywhere I go. So when I started was probably like, four years ago. And when I went to Nashville and I was there and I was at Starbucks, and I was like, I'll do this. So every city I hid, every city I land in, I'll get a cup. So I'm like the one running through the airport. Trying to get it cup real quick, even if it's just a layover, because it's just my thing now.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. What was it about flying that you found scary initially?
tabitha: For me, it was more scared of being scared on the plane and not being able to have a way to get off the plane. Even though I know eventually I'll get off of it. But it wasn't like terrorism. It wasn't anything. It wasn't like falling out of the sky. It was definitely fearful of turbulence. Like, what is that going to be? Like, am I going to freak out? But really. Yeah, it's not bad. It's definitely something I still take as annex for, but it's more so. So I don't freak out if something significant happens.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, I thought about that too. Just. Like, what happens if you have a panic attack on an airplane? That must be a pretty horrible experience for anyone who's gone through it. But it must happen. It must happen because planes are scary. They're like, low claustrophobic. They're very high up. I understand why people feel nervous about it. But if it led you to get a bunch of good Starbucks mugs, it's all worth it.
tabitha: Exactly beautiful.
Nathan Peereboom: Well, another thing that people sometimes find scary is credentialing. I guess I'll just introduce myself. So my name's Nate. I'm the CEO and co founder of Drought Psych. This is a new service that we have rolled out for a few customers. The way that we see this, Is that it's like a first date with us to understand how we operate as a billing company.
Nathan Peereboom: So the goal here is that you basically just fall in love with how fast and thorough and efficient and transparent we are, and then you say, oh, wait, wouldn't it be great if the job site guys could also do my billing. And so months down the road, But I guess to start out, what is your relationship with credentialing right now? Are you credentialed? Why do you need credentialing services? What's your relationship with all of this right now?
tabitha: So I am credentialed. And I haven't used it. Really? Because I've been using Alma and Grow, and so I've been doing all my insurance with them. And I'm a little complex, really, So I might be a neat case. So I'm dual certified nurse practitioner, but I'm also a family nurse practitioner. I have the ability to get bin credentialed as a medical provider with other practices, but as my own I have not because. I'm not sure the direction I want to go yet, but I'm adding on, so I do mental health. And I'm adding on women's health and perimenopause and also hormone replacement for men and probably some weight loss or something. A little bit primary carriage, but very niche. My goal is to first decide what I want to do, but the credentialing part of it. Would be more medical, and some of them will credential me. Dual and blue cross blue shield. Per company I was working with said no, but I think I still need to call and confirm. I'm not sure if I felt comfortable with the response completely because other practices do it, so there's a way to do it. It's just figuring out. How so that's kind of where I am. And also I'm looking for a service that can just kind of be like one stop shopping. That kind of keeps track of what I need to do and just says, here, this is due. And so more like a credential tracking service. Tremendously. Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: We hear two things when it comes to credentialing. One, people wanted to go super fast.
Nathan Peereboom: And then two people want to be transparent. Every single person I've ever talked to about credentialing says, hey, the last time I did credentialing, I just had to do all the follow ups. I had to keep pestering the credentialing company. It was annoying. If you think about why credentialing takes a long time. It's because it's subject to all of these little moments of human procrastination. You send us documents. We sit on the documents, then we submit. The insurance company has them, they sit on them, they send them back. We set on. We send them back until you get this game. It's like a ball that you're passing back to a partner who's just holding onto the ball for too long, right? And what we have done with jot cred. Is we've taken the AI system because if you think about it, we're technologists. The thing that we do is we take all this unstructured data so we can take any document you give us and we make it into the perfect document that can go to insurance company, and then when we get something, back same day. We can turn it around because we don't have to staff someone on it. We have a software program that can get it out the door. The advantages of that, I think, are a few. One, we turn things around really, really fast. To the documents that we submit are more accurate than human written forms and documents. And then three, we can tell you exactly where everything is because it's all software driven. We don't have a group 25 people in the Philippines who are trying to wrangle and call and figure out what they've written on the post. It note that sticking to their desktop. No, it's all software driven.
Nathan Peereboom: So that's why we're in credentialing. That's why we do this. And as I said, it's a first date to understand. Hey, if Tabitha wanted to run her practice on Draw Psych's billing suite, what kind of people built that system?
Nathan Peereboom: What's the integrity? Speed, thoroughness. Intelligence of that system. So it's just a first experience. Let me ask you this, though. You are credentialed, why are you not seeing patients under the credentialing that you currently have?
tabitha: Well, a couple reasons. One is that the EHR I was using. Well, the main reason is because I have no experience billing, and I didn't want to get into a situation where I'm paying a biller to do billing, and I didn't understand the process, so that's number one. I wanted to have a thorough knowledge. Of what's going on before I said, here, do this and let me pay you, because I didn't want to lose money. The other reason is because the system I was in and I am in still. I'm moving out of because I wasn't really pleased with the EHR itself. So then I devoted all my time into finding a new ehr, which took me forever. And now I'm moving into this new ehr, which has taken me even longer. And then I planned on starting to implement some of that billing. On my own. And kind of. Just fumbling through it, because then my attention will be able to be devoted to that. Because I'm one of those types that. If I'm going to do something, I want to know everything. I want to feel like I know everything about it that I can possibly know, so I have a good understanding. And then I kind of learn as I go of the things that I need that I didn't know, that I didn't know. So that's kind of reason why I haven't done it. And I've just been using Alma and Grow, and it's just theoretically, it's easier, but it's really not easier because you miss out on a lot of. Opportunities to bill for certain things that you can't in those platforms. You deal with their inefficiencies and poor follow through. Or their mess up. I looked the other day. Grow therapy had my taxonomy ID incorrectly. Listed on Optum, but I was still getting reimbursed, and I thought, okay, what's going on here? And I reached out to them and I had to talk to a bot. So I spent a good hour on something that I really didn't need to spend time on because that was their error, but. I just didn't want it to come back to me. It's not that it's that efficient anymore. And so that's the reason why I want to leave that and start using my own credentialing. But I want to be settled in my new ehr. That's where I'm at.
Nathan Peereboom: Why is it taking so long to set up your ehr? In my mind, because a lot of people use job site as an ehr and I'm like, we've designed it so that people can get set up in three and a half minutes. But is there something that I'm maybe missing that this other ehr is doing. That's super complicated.
tabitha: Well, are you guys in EHR yet or.
Nathan Peereboom: We do everything in EHR does. We do lab orders, you do E prescription, do scheduling, we do forms, we do patient comms, we do
tabitha: billing, we do control of substances yet.
Nathan Peereboom: Yep. Controlled substances, the whole shebang. Yeah. We have plenty of clinicians using us as a fully hr, but our setup time, it's rarely more than a day. It's very, very fast. But again, I must just be missing something. What ehr are you moving to? Why is it taking so long?
tabitha: Because of me. Because why is it taking so long? Because I'm scattered all over the place. Because I've got a lot going on. Because my dog passed away in the middle of all of it, and she passed away in three days. I didn't know she was sick, and that kind of helped me bag a little bit. I just kind of lost interest and just trying to run a business, keep up with QuickBooks, keep up with personal finances, keep up with the household, keep up with the other dog that still left and just being spread thin, way too thin. And training a new office manager because my other one, I actually had to let her go. So then I was by myself for a little while. So I was doing everything I'm top to bottom, so there was a lot. And then getting behind on my billing personally. Just with all my. And grow and my notes and all the things and I know AI and all this stuff. And I should. I mean, trust me, it's like a struggle every day, but even today, I was done. 2 hours ago and I still haven't even started my notes yet. Or like not my notes, but just like my post visit summary stuff to the patients.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, so you're in an interesting place where there's this tension for you. Where? Like part of what you're feeling. If I'm picking it up right. Is. You're like I tab a sudden some. I'm the kind of person that knows what's going on. I understand the system, and I feel like a certain part of me needs to understand. If I'm going to do billing, I want to understand it, and I kind of want to be involved in order to understand.
Nathan Peereboom: And then there's a part of you that's like, yes, but like, I'm also spread. Thin.
Nathan Peereboom: So I guess my question to you would be, what gives? Like, where do you decide you're going to cut? Because I assume that you don't want to cut on your family time. I assume you don't want to cut on, you know, your personal life. I assume you probably don't want to. Just see fewer patients. Because that's one way you could do it. You could just say, I'll see fewer patients, but you probably don't.
tabitha: But I have. I've cut back there. I've cut back. You know. Yeah, I. I have, unfortunately, my family life, I have cut back on that. Bit probably than I should have.
Nathan Peereboom: But when you think about what you do wish. Someone would help you with or take off your plate. Even at the point of saying, hey, I'll let you take it off my plate, but you got to spend an hour and a half telling me all about it. You gotta. You gotta walk me through it. And here's why I ask. You would be shocked by how similar you are to a lot of clinicians. Because the thing about clinicians is that they're curious. They got into a field. That requires them to be really curious about other people, to be really, really smart about how the healthcare system works. To be interested in, like, a lot of the gray zones that are the kind of story of human beings. So you don't get a lot of complacent folks in this field. We've tried to, like, help folks by, you know, providing. This is just our billing system. We want to give you both things at the same time. We want to allow you to just, like, see eligibility, do your, you know, sign it, but we want to meet with you once a month and show you exactly what's happening with all of your data.
Nathan Peereboom: Because the story of billing is. It's a. It's a data story. It's a data question. I don't actually think that you want to be mired in, like, the little minutia of how Cigna is changing the way that they've structured their MDM thing so that they. Can claw back more money. I don't think. I mean, maybe you want to know about that, and we're happy to show it to you. But that's the first thing that I would point out is on a regular basis, we want to be your advisor, that is teaching you and bring you along for the ride. The second thing I would say. Is that one of the first things that we do? With clinics that are already. And you could have us do this with Alma Grow. Like you could have us do this with your MSOs. Is. We'd like to do an analysis of what your current practice is. What are you earning today? What are you billing for? Where does money get to later lost? And what changes unlock the most impact? The other thing I would say is that even though we are, you know, we do billing, We always show you exactly, like, why and what's missing so that again, you understand exactly where this is coming from. So if we're saying, hey, we think this is a 99213, We'll show you what we think. You know why we think that's true and also, like, where there's maybe risk of it not being true so that you, again, are just, like, with us, along for that journey. So let me pause there. I mean, Is. Is there another element of billing where you're like, I really wish I knew that.
tabitha: No, I mean outside of. And maybe you. You mentioned it. Maybe that's what you meant. Outside of, like, knowing all of the little. Additional items that certain like Florida Blue likes to get a modifier 95 for telehealth versus you know, whatever.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah.
tabitha: So outside of knowing those little tricks that, you know, insurance companies do to, you know, prevent paying and kicking back your claims and like, knowing.
tabitha: What the reason is for the denial and then AI learning it. And because I do believe that there's a huge potential. And to be completely transparent when. When I decided to move to a new ehr, I had actually chosen a different one and I went all in and I paid for the whole year in advance because I was like, this is great. They have all this AI. I don't have to worry about paying for outside. I don't have to worry about like copy pasting all this stuff. Everything will be in one spot. Everything looks great. And then I got into it, and it, you know, I was like, oh, my God, this is. It wasn't terrible. It was just like. Not. Not going to work for me because there were, you know, as usual, some things that were promised and never came through. So I was like. So I lost a lot of money on that. And I was like, you know what? I just need to, like, regroup. So those are some of the things along the pathways my indecision. My, my. I'm not going to blame adhd. But it is. I mean, there's. And. And just. I'm tired.
Nathan Peereboom: I'm tired.
tabitha: It's just. It's exhausting. And then I've lost. Kind of the motivation to continue to do this at a pace that I was doing it previously.
Nathan Peereboom: Gotcha. When you say do this, what do you mean by this?
tabitha: Do this, like, doing this job, but doing, like. Looking at all the things that I was looking at, like immersing myself into, you know, making my templates and restructuring my consent forms, and all of those things need to be done still. And I'm doing them, but very slowly. So when you ask, like, why is it taking you so long? Well, because I had this weird, probably mental health thing that I want my can if I'm going to be having them sign all the consent forms again, and I am.
tabitha: Because I should be doing that on an annual basis anyway, reviewing and. Updating. Then I want them to be right. So I'm being very, you know, methodical there. So it's just like that's. That's just a me thing. It's just. Very methodical in my approach. It's. It's perfectionist. Has to be right. And if it's not, then I'll work on it for. And I'll think about it for four days before. Like, how can I make this right? What else do I need to put in here? That's part of the problem. Big.
Nathan Peereboom: So when you. When you signed up, it's totally. It totally makes sense. I feel like at some level, all of us feel what you're describing. When you signed up for this meeting, what was the thing that you were hoping to walk away with? What was the thing where you were like, if. If all looks good, this is kind of what would change in my life?
tabitha: Well, I mean, if I could start doing billing where. Where it is on an automated. It's similar to Alma and Grow. Because it's automated. I send them the right. But there's a catch, and that's a catch that a lot of people are not aware of because I've been a provider. For over 20 years now. It's knowing that you're limited to what you can do and you're really dependent on them to get it right. To not change your billing to get the verification correct. And if they don't get it, then you're not going to get paid. And yes, that happens in practice. But if you're paying for a service and then they're saying it's verificate or verified, and then they come back and say, oh, we're just joking. Then that's more frustrating than the insurance company coming back and saying we got it wrong. I'd rather it be on me than. So, what could I leave this with? I guess. And I have been looking for, like, a solution that can, like, Just, like, I can hand over my entire, like, billing suite, all my credentialing, and then it goes into a system, and it's like, all right. You submit this bill, you get paid this much. You know, we do verification, and everything is just kind of on. Automation. And when the denials come in. I mean, in an AI situation that the AI tool learns. Okay.
tabitha: This is why it was denied. Next time, when we submit it, we're going to submit it like this. And then, you know, that process that I think would be great. So when I saw that you guys were doing it, I thought, well, that's really neat, because you guys are that AI suite. You're not connected to my ehr that I'm moving into. But maybe this will be something that works. I don't know. So it was more like, what is this? Like, what. What is going on? And how could it. How could it work for me? Because I don't want to do billing. I didn't get into this to do billing. I don't want to do it. But I also don't want some person to do it. And see all the horror stories that I've seen. Like, I had, you know, 50,000 in unpaid, and it was all written off, and it's like, wait a minute. I don't want that to happen either, so. I guess.
Nathan Peereboom: Let me. Okay, Let me make a recommendation to you. So we do have, you know, as you know, we have a billing company. We do hypervigilant eligibility checks. We do payaway documentation. We write really good claims. We do auto appealing, we do patient collections. We can do the entire cycle, including that Transparency in Education piece. There are three different levels. I think one that you're interested in is the max level. Dedicated billing manager who does, you know, detects if there's underpayment, does patient collections, auto appeals, payment posting and era analytics. Is updating the payer rules all the time, is doing all the eligibility checks, helping write the documents and generating the claims, the whole shebang. The nice thing about this situation? Two things. One, we only. We are. Incentives are completely aligned. We only get paid when you get paid. Which means that we want to be as thorough as possible. And it means we want to pay you as fast as possible because we can't take anything unless you actually have money. But I think the second thing is you're in a unique situation. Tabitha, where you can try us out with, like, one pair.
Nathan Peereboom: You know, you could say, hey, I want to move three patients over from headway or grow or rule, whatever you use. And I want them to work on the job. Psych, billing, you know, setup. And it's very, like, low risk for you. Because you can do it. Low volume. And I think, again, it just gives you a taste of what it's like with us. Is that anything that you'd be interested in?
tabitha: I will. But I do want to finish kind of getting into this ehr first because I think if I try to. If I try to spread myself anymore, I'm going to literally go nuts.
Nathan Peereboom: Totally. Well, why don't we do this? Why don't we set up some time to touch base? Let's say. Let's say a week from now and just see where you're at. Or maybe even Wednesday of next week. Would Wednesday of next week work for you?
tabitha: No. I looked solid. And next week is terrible for me, actually. Solid every day. And that's the other problem. How about Wednesday the 18th? The Wednesday the 18th. What time zone are you in?
Nathan Peereboom: So I'm in Eastern. What are you? In?
tabitha: Oh, yeah, I'm in eastern. Okay, perfect. I could do. We could probably touch base around 11:30am.
Nathan Peereboom: 11:30. Is there any way you could do a little later? Any way you could do, like, noon?
tabitha: No, I have another meeting at noon.
Nathan Peereboom: What about 3:30?
tabitha: 3:30. I have patience, I have page. So I start. So I started. What time did I start the day? I started one that day, but normally I started noon. But I'm booked all the way with patients. I have, you know, more opportunity on Thursday the 19th.
Nathan Peereboom: Tuesday or Thursday. Okay, you know What? Let's do 11:30. If 11:30 is best for you.
tabitha: No.
tabitha: Do you want me to do? What about Friday the 20th? That is a good day for me.
Nathan Peereboom: Probably the 20th. No, let's do Wednesday. I always like if we can do sooner is always better.
tabitha: All right. Yeah, I could do 11:30, but then I have that meeting and it is like 15 minutes, and then I start seeing patients.
Nathan Peereboom: Awesome. 11:30 is perfect. Let me send this through right now. Can you just verify that you've received it?
tabitha: Yeah. Did you send it? I have so many emails, too.
Nathan Peereboom: I just sent it to your Tabitha at Pranawell.
tabitha: So far. I am. Hold on. Let's see. There you go. Now it is perfect. Okay, awesome.
tabitha: Yes, and I won't forget. But, yeah, you see, I'm kind of, like, spread all over the place. I forget.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, I totally forget. No, this is great. Listen, Tabitha, have a wonderful weekend. Good luck with the EHR setup. I can't wait for the 18th. And I really appreciate you just, like, sharing your story and, like, helping me understand where you're coming from here.
tabitha: Yeah. Great. Thank you. And have a great one.
Nathan Peereboom: All right, you too. Take care. Bye. Bye.
tabitha: Bye.