Emily Kaiser: How are you? Thank you.
Stetsun Winchester: Thank you.
Emily Kaiser: So you were invited by Richard.
Stetsun Winchester: I believe so, yes.
Emily Kaiser: Okay, very cool. So I think this was just, I think Richard signed up just to kind of get more information on Jotzyk. So as soon as he joins, I will just kind of learn a little bit more about your guys'organization or practice, and we can kind of go from there.
Stetsun Winchester: Emily, we've been using you for about two or three years. We have you with large number of clients. I think today is about looking at the templates that we're using with our clients to capture the information, had data parsed into the different forms, and a few other odds and ends of a separate call scheduled with someone else next week for similar kinds of things. But, and this is largely just looking at one application of using your AI scribe and possibly your new EMR. You actually qualify it as an EMR technology at this point or what?
Emily Kaiser: Yes. So on some regard, we do. We are working on features. And thank you for the background. I'm sorry for my misunderstanding of meeting originally. So we do, but we are working on features such as video calling is one thing that we don't have that a lot of EHRs or EMRs do have is one thing that we're working on in the background, and we're hoping to launch by summer
Stetsun Winchester: note system is the EMR more than a note system is a gather functionality in the AI, things like that does.
Emily Kaiser: So what JotSych is doing right now is we are getting a bunch of feedback from our current customers that there are a bunch of systems out there in the behavioral health specific and behavioral health space specifically that are too many systems are needed to kind of function through your day. So JATSE is working on that being the AI scribe note taking part of it for clinical documentation as well as we just rolled out billing features to help clinicians get paid. So that includes jot audit, jot credentialing and job bill. And then we also rolled out jot RX, which is e prescription directly in the chart. So there's no need to talk to another system or window and everything is nice and seamless.
Stetsun Winchester: Do you want me asking not to be too personal? Last time I talked to Nate, y'all had about four, I think you're at 500 providers enrolled at this point. So y'all in a similar place now, or has there been any kind of substantial change or what?
Emily Kaiser: You know, that's a good question. I would imagine that we've grown quite a bit, but I don't have a number for you. I can get back to you on that. But with these new features we are seeing not only new customers, but we're seeing a lot of growth with our current customers that we have in place already. Because again, we're getting so much feedback that there is a need for kind of an all in one system because there is, you know, such a use of so many different systems. So we're really working on standardizing workflows for clinicians.
Stetsun Winchester: Very good. Can you hold on a second, Richard, maybe having trouble getting in? Let me see if I can't, he was calling me just a moment ago. Excuse me for just a moment.
Emily Kaiser: No problem. Take your time.
Stetsun Winchester: Thank you, Emily. See if I can get out of here first. You might ever just talk with Richard. He says he's in the waiting room. Can you see him there?
Emily Kaiser: No, let me see.
Stetsun Winchester: Sure.
Emily Kaiser: I see that he is also invited by. I don't see him actually trying to join the meeting. Could you have him log out and try to log back in?
Stetsun Winchester: Okay, try login out, log him back in.
Emily Kaiser: Okay, here we go.
Stetsun Winchester: Good.
Emily Kaiser: Hi Richard, how are you?
Richard Wright: All right? Hold on, got it. Okay.
Emily Kaiser: Hi there. How's it going? Can you hear us okay?
Richard Wright: I made my phone. I can't hear you guys.
Stetsun Winchester: While you're doing that, Richard, you can hear us.
Emily Kaiser: I don't believe he can.
Stetsun Winchester: Okay.
Emily Kaiser: Let me see. I'm going to look for our chat here and see if I can help him navigate to his microphone settings.
Richard Wright: Here. Hold on.
Stetsun Winchester: Richard and I spend all day long doing teleconferences. Something's obviously amiss.
Emily Kaiser: Sure, no problem. Sometimes it's just technology.
Stetsun Winchester: Well, we're waiting on him. A few other questions about the EMR beyond. Are you when if patients are, people send you reports? And they want to bring it into the EMR? Are you able to accept reports by facts and parse them? Or what do you do with the reports? And they're coming in.
Emily Kaiser: Just so I can make sure I'm understanding correctly by reports. Do you mean like forms being sent to patients?
Stetsun Winchester: Yeah, any kind of an incoming document. Do you have a native AI that will parse it? We're using FAIR or using. HL7 or something to get those reports into your.
Emily Kaiser: Yeah, so I can show you. But basically we have a part of JotSych inpatient profile. Where you can send a form and all of that information is collected back once the patient says submit. They receive it on there and they fill it out, they submit that information, it gets shot back to JotSec and it's stored under their patient profile.
Stetsun Winchester: So it does come with a patient ID effectively.
Richard Wright: Yes.
Stetsun Winchester: Okay, that's fine. No, that's fine. I get to understand.
Emily Kaiser: I understand.
Richard Wright: You guys now. Are you seeing the display? I can't see.
Emily Kaiser: I'm not sharing anything yet. Okay. Glad that you can hear us. Hi Richard, I'm Emily from Jot Psych.
Richard Wright: I think we met once before Emily.
Emily Kaiser: Oh, okay, great. Well, it's good to see you again. Yeah, I'm just getting logged in here for a test account. So I can show you some of our updated features. I understand that you guys kind of want to see some of the updated billing features and e prescription features. But also you have a couple questions about templates or.
Richard Wright: A couple operational points that I need to get out of the end of this call so you can organize some of the things you're going to show us around this. It'd be very helpful. I've got about eight providers that are currently using JotSych and I've been trying to manage who I have on it and who's not on it. And I was told there's an administrative account I'm supposed to have that are not is there any place I can go to see who is actually who we're paying the monthly fee for and how to manage those subscriptions and who they are and what templates they're using so I can standardize the templates. I don't want access to the medical records. The reason this is important. One, I've got clients that need to be paying me for the services. I got other ones that were including those services. That's one piece. The second piece is I've got. A real live situation where I've got a client. That is stuck in the middle of an implementation of an EMR. And they're stuck in a political quagmire that could take months for them to decide. Are they going to move forward or not? And what we're asked to do is just. This is what we need you to do and we're not going to fight this because this is going to get us the business. Again. Is they want us to capture. And they haven't given us a format. But one of my providers, David Rossi, has built out four formats and I'm betting they're the default formats that you have already in your system. That he's using to capture initial assessments. And notes, all those sort of things. I think he's using your default sessions because I only got access to the platform yesterday.
Emily Kaiser: Okay.
Richard Wright: Okay. So what we want to do is standardize whatever David Ross he is currently using on the platform. And I'm adding two other providers onto the platform. And those, I'll give you those providers. One's already. One of our providers, Dr. Richard Diaz. And I'll send that to you. I want to be able to have somewhat of a control or standardization of these templates based on the client. So here's what I simply need to do is I want to use Jot site to the extent we can use it. As either a stop as an interim solution with the possibility of making a permanent solution because they could be talking about this forever. Okay. So what they're willing to adopt is here are the templates that we have now. Can you simply take Jock? Can we simply capture it with JotSych where it fills out the same template? And at the end of the day those templates can be. Generated into a standard document that's generated a PDF file. That they want to be able to email back. To the client at the end of the day. They have a secure email server they once sent to. They want them sent it in hard copy and if PDF format that will allow them at some future date. To take those hard copies which they have to have to move around since they don't have an EMR. Right now and then file those hard copies or then upload hard copies because no one has access to an EMR now because they actually shut down their EMR because it has HIPAA security issues. So they just shut it down. So it's a simple solution. We've got two providers that are already using. Jot site. I want to add two more providers to Jot site. I want to be able to have a standardized format that they're all using and I want to be able to generate at the end of the day these standardized reports that are sent via PDF. And I wanted as simple as can be. If we can integrate e-prescribing in that or use RE prescribing platform that we've already started the process in and anything else Scott would like to have right now. I need that as a solution so I can start working next Tuesday. We're ready to go on Tuesday.
Emily Kaiser: Okay, so I am just making some notes here to prioritize what we're going to go over. Okay. So thank you so much all really good feedback. I really appreciate you kind of giving me all that information so I know how to kind of direct this meeting. But also I've learned more about your business in the last couple minutes. So thank you for sharing. I want to kind of start by going over one of the first things that you spoke about is you want to internally take a look at your JotSec account and understand what active members are in there. So let's start there if that's okay.
Richard Wright: I'm going to mirror it on the other side of my working stream.
Emily Kaiser: I actually was wondering if you could share your screen. If you could log in and share your right now. Hold on let's see.
Richard Wright: Jot.
Stetsun Winchester: Psych.
Richard Wright: And I think I just logged in under the trial version.
Emily Kaiser: So we want to make sure that you are logged in under your personal account if you are
Richard Wright: says welcome Richard Wright, nine days left in your free account.
Richard Wright: Do I need to plug into something else?
Emily Kaiser: You are. Screen. Let me see what you're working with. All right. You have two accounts.
Richard Wright: I make this may be just the trial one I opened up I just opened the trial account let me use this and why don't you just tell me how do I get. See no one's ever given me quote an account?
Emily Kaiser: Okay so are you able to share your screen so I can see what you're
Richard Wright: seeing rest of the stuff off? And I may need to concentrate this in a okay yeah, so hold on let me open up this computer I got open my laptop so it doesn't go for workstation it goes from three monitors to one that way you can actually share one monitor not target shade particularly okay.
Emily Kaiser: So where are you guys out of?
Stetsun Winchester: We're in different places where incorporated in Indiana and we have our offices in primary office in Connecticut Texas I'm in Connecticut and we have others in other sites.
Emily Kaiser: Okay so kind of all over a little bit
Richard Wright: yeah, I think God's country he's in in took hell making fun of him I'm sure it's a beautiful place yeah right I'm sure just lovely no. I'm a text and he's the he's the he's the guy that you know probably deeper south of me and he ran up north so I'm gonna go ahead and share okay. I'm trying to figure out how.
Emily Kaiser: Okay so at the bottom where you see the microphone and the camera share.
Richard Wright: And.
Emily Kaiser: It's easier to share entire screen if you see that option rather than sharing just one window screen okay.
Emily Kaiser: I click that click that and then click share at the bottom once that's selected.
Emily Kaiser: Boom okay great so now go ahead and minimize our Google meet right there.
Richard Wright: Okay minimize I don't use Google Meters
Emily Kaiser: you can tell actually so you do you see you have the big Google meet and then the small minimized Google meet so the one on the left. Of your screen.
Emily Kaiser: Left to my screen yes so you'll see where it says picture in picture is open because you're screen sharing. I lost him.
Stetsun Winchester: Okay he's back he'll come back okay.
Emily Kaiser: Screen sharing is always a tough point. Let's see here.
Richard Wright: We're the technology company okay share screen no problem.
Richard Wright: Sometimes it does take a second it won't say share it.
Emily Kaiser: Just clicking try choosing that entire screen one more time.
Richard Wright: Window and turn screen it won't give me a share. Let me see this.
Emily Kaiser: Okay. Give him another minute oh here we go. Okay so when you go to share screen you also can choose the option if it's easier to do select one window. The entire screen is causing your system confusion because I understand you're on multiple monitors
Richard Wright: it doesn't matter what I pick. Just it's not allowing me to. It won't highlight the share button on okay hold on now it came on.
Emily Kaiser: Okay we'll try it one more time if not I can share my screen as you know
Richard Wright: the date next to it why don't you just share your screen and I'll just try and marry you that's just going to be the easiest thing okay.
Emily Kaiser: No problem it can be very tricky. Okay can you guys see my screen.
Stetsun Winchester: We can okay.
Emily Kaiser: So this is Richard I am curious and we can kind of loop back around because you have a sounds like you have a trial account and I would imagine that you have a standard account as well and so when I'm about to walk through these things if you're on your trial account versus your standard account you might not see the information you need so let me know if I can help navigate that
Richard Wright: is there any way you can go through use my account and show us through my account now and just log into my account
Emily Kaiser: I can't unfortunately I don't have access to log in or see anyone's account internally just for security and
Richard Wright: data very quickly to move on how do I get access can someone send me a password a temporary password and a username because no one's no one's issued me an account since I was just been setting up under the providers and if all the providers can if I can get an administrative account I can figure out. Okay that's why I can't make stuff I was trying to use a provider account as an administrator but I don't have an administrative account if you can do that I can navigate the rest that's why I haven't been able to get things to
Emily Kaiser: work okay absolutely that's definitely key and I'm sure there is somewhere if you guys are a part of a group we say here so where you have multiple these are.
Richard Wright: Each one of our providers you may need to talk with Chris or Nate each one of our providers or independent practitioners. We have a relationship with you guys when there are providers we basically give send you the provider's name. You guys send us the invoices and we're paying the invoices so these are all the providers that we're paying the invoices Chris. Email addresses he knows who they are and sent me a list of all the providers I want to be able to access those nine providers and see. And I just want to know what account I need to do that and then is there any way for me to go in there and manage the templates and show so why don't you show me how to manage the templates and I'll watch that piece and then from there I'll just sit back if you can show me how we can generate PDF files and send those out everything from there on you just won't stop
Emily Kaiser: he's got a lot more I do absolutely so let me go ahead and start by showing you how once you have that administrative account which I will work on with Chris and Nate in the background here once you have that you basically so jot psych here we are at your homepage to manage all the things you're talking about you're going to go to your practice right here at the top and this is where you'll see all of your different account settings essentially so you'll go to clinicians. And this is where you will see all of your active members. Okay so you'll see their roles right here you'll see their tiers and you'll see if they have any add ons and this is also where we'll be able to edit any of that operational any of those operational pieces basically so where you can upload the EHR essentials package you can add jot audit jot rx this is where you can manage everything from billing information to roles to all things like that.
Richard Wright: Do you know who you're using as your. Escribing platform are you doing with who spot is our partner
Emily Kaiser: go spot okay so basically I and I can show you this more in depth but when you go to prescribe a separate window of dose spot opens up and all information is already shared as long as it's in so basically you don't have to enter an information twice as far as patient information insurance information pharmaceutical or pharmacy information stuff like that.
Richard Wright: Does this do the controls and the ecopia?
Richard Wright: I'm sorry does this do the control schedule twos can you do schedule twos on your platform yes it does. And this is for the same $69 a month price I mean that's that's included in your $69 bundles that is control and schedule non
Emily Kaiser: schedule correct yep all in one for that in that regard so let me go back to my notes here so this again is how you kind of manage all of your active members and you can go through and you can look at your specific subscription any data and security information billing information patient payments practice settings practice settings is where you can look at organization templates as a whole so you can create an organization template and that is where you kind of manage that okay I think that would be helpful for standardization. Does that kind of answer the question
Richard Wright: as far as templates can you create a let's say that you. We're just going to call it a practice, although we're not a practice. We're a managed behavioral health management company, staffing company. Yes. So we can take all of our providers. We can either have them pay for the service or we pay for the service. It generates that kind of invoicing there so I can manage that level. If we go to e-prescribing, does that also cover any of the stuff like the Suboxone scheduling, all the documents are generated and it will tie into the various health plan and who does your billing for that? Do you guys do the billing? Who's your billing partner?
Emily Kaiser: We are. We do our own billing. Basically, Jot Psych, if I go over here, you can see that. Information you can see. Basically, we provide everything from an analysis over your current billing. We offer that as well as audits to your notes based off of your payers. So it's a Per aware note. And then from there, you submit to billing, and then it goes through your typical. Process of how it would dependent on your payers.
Emily Kaiser: So basically, we're taking out the middleman.
Richard Wright: Okay.
Emily Kaiser: Let me show you. Let me go through here. Is there anything that we didn't cover so far before moving on? Oh, one thing I wanted to show you is your practice. If you go over to clinical documents, you mentioned having a PDF. And this is how you can create that PDF. Or drop your PDF so you. You can use.
Richard Wright: So let's say they take a take that template. They're going to go ahead and scribe the scribing system fills out the note in this template. And then from here, it generates a note and holds it in the system. And then from here, you can drop it, drag it, drop it into the. So let's say you make a note from here saves the note in your record that you can just take that note and drop it into the PDF.
Emily Kaiser: So sort of. So how you would want to do it. I would imagine, is basically after you have a note, after the system transcribes and produces a note, it, the note is held either in notes right here, or you can look at patient overview. So you can go to this is your last patient. We'll use this person as an example. You can go to follow up, you can send a patient follow up based off of that transcript based off of that template that you used. And basically all information that you want to send the patient. Now is this what you mean by sending a PDF? Like this is the kind of information you would want to send.
Richard Wright: No, it would be, let's say that what you want to send is you basically want to generate the medical record for that day. The patient in Scott, you probably do a better job.
Stetsun Winchester: And what suck, can you show me, are you able to establish a patient account while we watch? Any patient account just to mock patient account?
Emily Kaiser: Yeah. So we have a couple mock patient accounts right here.
Stetsun Winchester: Now, would you establish one as a new one?
Emily Kaiser: Yeah. So we'll just go with John Doe. And then we can add this information afterwards. You can add it at any time. So basically because we haven't recorded a note, this is what the basic profile patient profile would look like. And every time you record a note with John Doe, this patient profile builds in the background.
Stetsun Winchester: What are the required fields to establish an account?
Emily Kaiser: Well, it's based off of truly just name. So depending on how comfortable you are with the information you put in. But I always say the more information that you put in date of birth, you know, phone number, email, all of these things, you're going to have a more robust account and it's going to work more seamlessly, especially if you're using our other things like e-prescription.
Stetsun Winchester: You just tell Nate that that's a liability waiting to happen at a minimum. You have to have date of birth as, as a requirement. Otherwise you're going to have 16 John Does and you're going to be crossing so date of birth has to be a minimum for any of your clients. All right. So once you got that established, then the AI
Richard Wright: scribe content, I guess the question was, do you have to, can you make that feel it has to be filled out to move forward?
Stetsun Winchester: So can you make it?
Emily Kaiser: Right? Can you. Go ahead and apply certain rules under your accounts? So if you wanted that to be a specific requirement for your organization or for your clinicians, we could apply a role to where, like, they couldn't move forward without putting that information in.
Stetsun Winchester: Just trying to be helpful, Nate, if they move forward that way, they're going to get sued into oblivion. So that's why I was saying they need to add date of birth as a mandatory field across accounts. There's no, there's no exception to that rule.
Emily Kaiser: Right. No, that definitely makes sense.
Stetsun Winchester: All right. But anyway, so it was quick to establish the account. That's good because our providers will have hundreds and hundreds of these accounts over time. So can you explain to me once
Richard Wright: the patient real quickly, when they establish account, it is as simply as when they get on the line, you just ask them their name. And once they give you their name, they count as established, right? Because it's going to drop this information into this system.
Emily Kaiser: Right? Yes, exactly. So you can do it multiple ways. You can do it just how I showed you. Or you can go right to record and you can establish a patient that way. So you go to attach patient, new patient, or select from your database, basically.
Richard Wright: You should ask them, you know, how old they are when they were born, yada yada yada. Who's your mother. That establishes the account once they've told you the demographic information that you want to capture.
Emily Kaiser: Yes, exactly. So here is how you would develop a new patient from that record button. So it would ask you all of that basic information again.
Richard Wright: Okay. Now could you have one provider working in multiple locations using the same interface for them, but be able to pick, you know, a template that may work for this county and a template that works in this state? Because we've got providers are providing services in multiple locations.
Emily Kaiser: Yeah, that should be no problem as far as developing certain templates or certain forms for specific clinicians.
Richard Wright: But so far as recording that information, like you may have a counter that's counting for this clinic. So when they get into the platform, are they actually logging into a specific clinic they're working correctly or clients that are providing services to not that the platform is dedicated to any one client, correctly?
Emily Kaiser: So just so I understand correctly, are there some clinicians that are working out of multiple locations? Is that what you mean?
Stetsun Winchester: They're working with multiple clients.
Emily Kaiser: But not out of multiple locations.
Stetsun Winchester: Local locations and multiple.
Emily Kaiser: Well, I'm just asking just to understand better if you're trying to set certain rules for certain locations or if you wanted to set certain rules for clinicians specifically.
Stetsun Winchester: The same rules to the clinicians, but it'd be different clients.
Emily Kaiser: Okay.
Richard Wright: We wanted to make sure that they can bifurcate or break up those records where, you know, if one entity started two years ago and their record numbers start at 10,000. And then they see another patient at this point, their record started 300. The next coming in is going to be differing numbering system in different times. One's in central time and one's in eastern time. You know. So is that so when a client goes when a provider goes into the interface, can they pick which client they're working for? Is it driven off the schedule? What's scheduled for them? Is that what drives it? Whatever they're scheduled on, is that what it's set to that client?
Emily Kaiser: So how it deciphers what patient or what person you're choosing to work with is dependent on when you go to record and you select that certain patient. So every time you are going and recording with Alfred Appleseed, that profile is building in the background and it will capture all of those forms and templates that have been used in the past. Does that make sense?
Richard Wright: It's driven by the patient that determines the rules for. Where that patient's being seen.
Emily Kaiser: No, the rules are developed under your organization specifically.
Stetsun Winchester: So when the patient gets registered, we're going to have to establish which rules apply. So like if you're using Sullivan County and Southern Illinois, you might have a different template for each one of those. So you have to attach some type of an account ID to this when you're establishing the account so they know which templates to apply.
Emily Kaiser: Yes.
Richard Wright: But those templates drive different billing for different markets and different rates.
Stetsun Winchester: And.
Emily Kaiser: Right. Yes, exactly.
Stetsun Winchester: No, no, I think we're on the right track here. Once the account is established, are we finished with billing at this point or I want to understand more about the
Richard Wright: storage and you do before you do standard Medicare, Medicaid and all the major payers.
Emily Kaiser: Right? Yes, correct.
Richard Wright: Can you guys pick. Do you guys take capitation and distribute cavitating contracts?
Emily Kaiser: That is a good question. I want to get you the right information on that one. So I'd love to get back to you if that's okay.
Richard Wright: Yeah, Are you a TPA? Do you have a TPA license?
Emily Kaiser: I am not so sure. I'm just, I'm newer to this role specifically. I'm giving you the right information.
Richard Wright: It's okay. That's where that's where we're asking.
Richard Wright: Just yeah, I'm just curious if you don't know if you know understand you have billing. You can set that up under a professional corporation. I assume you have a professional corporation. And I just was curious if you're a TPA, someone who could hold funds. To be a fiduciary.
Emily Kaiser: Yeah. So let me just take a note on that and get back to you because again, I want to get you the correct information on that one. So let me see if I can share a little bit of our PowerPoint here that has more in depth information on jot Bill specifically, which may shed some light.
Richard Wright: I mean, if you want to forward the slide deck to us, we can review that and save more time on.
Emily Kaiser: That.
Richard Wright: Because we can absorb that. You know, I'd like to see your scheduling system. That would be really. Because, you know, it's changed a lot from the last time I looked at it.
Emily Kaiser: Yeah. So basically how our schedule works, it's, it's very simple. It's very user friendly. It's very much like a Google Chrome calendar if you're familiar with that. So basically when you, I don't have any patients scheduled because this is a mock account. But when you do have somebody scheduled or if you want to create a new appointment, you just simply, you know, say. Alfred Appleseed. The patient is already there. You, you select what type of appointment it is. Whether it's telehealth. Datetime, any reoccurrence, any reminder. And then go ahead and save. In that information can be found see on the 26th today.
Richard Wright: Okay, let me ask you so far as the durations that you set there. Is that optimizable? Yes.
Emily Kaiser: How long the appointment is?
Richard Wright: So you can go 15 minute, 25 minutes, 30 minute, whatever you want the intervals to be.
Emily Kaiser: Yep, correct.
Richard Wright: Can you also just open up gaps of time and say, okay, they have open clinic from this time, whatever they see. And as the patient comes in, they can just log a patient in when they appear on the screen.
Emily Kaiser: Can you repeat that? I want to make sure I'm under.
Richard Wright: We can just, you could. Just build open blocks of time for those providers to be able to see patients. And could someone come into the screen as administrative person and schedule on behalf of the, of the group? Is there more than one person that can have administrative functions to the group?
Emily Kaiser: I think the only person that would have administrative functions is the person who has the administrative account. I think on a clinician basis, they would typically only be able to manage their own schedule. Okay.
Richard Wright: So you can, there's no one that can do. Like we have this whole group that we managing this thing. There's no one that can, can schedule for the whole group.
Stetsun Winchester: I'm sure there must be, right, Emily?
Emily Kaiser: Yes. If they have an administrative account, basically we would, if you have a designated person that you wanted to help manage schedules in the administration.
Richard Wright: Okay. All right.
Emily Kaiser: Yeah. So let me see here. Let me just go ahead and show you. I know we have talked about, I can send you the information on the jot bill. So you can see that more in depth. But this is one thing that I can't really forward you. I'd love to show you just while we're on live here. So for e-prescription as you go through, you can basically, you can finish your note, you can stop the recording. The note will generate. It will ask if you want to save for later or generate. Typically we generate. You can prescribe right there and then. As you're reviewing the note and getting it ready to sign and all that. Or you can go into the patient profile and you can send prescription this way. So here's an example of what happens. Basically it opened the window to dose bot. And it will have this information already uploaded, which is nice and convenient. And it'll give you the patient overview, medication history, the address insurance information, pharmacy information. You just go to add prescription right here. Type in your type of prescription. It'll ask you a couple questions as far as like milligrams and stuff like that. And then you are good to go. And it, it sends from there. Any questions on us?
Richard Wright: Can you click that document section one more time? Just click. I just want to see what the drop down. Sorry. Again.
Emily Kaiser: What do you mean documents?
Richard Wright: Very talk. You got scheduling patients doc. I mean documentation. Sorry. Documentation.
Emily Kaiser: Oh, I'm sorry. Okay. I think I switched screens here and I don't think that you saw that second half. So let me just go sorry for the confusion.
Richard Wright: There's Chris.
Emily Kaiser: Oh, here we go. Hi Chris. Chris, you're going in and out just a little bit.
Christopher Hume: Oh, I'm sorry.
Emily Kaiser: So I am just just to get you up to speed Chris. I'm sharing some information on our e-prescription just giving a little demo here. But Richard had one question regarding Jot Bill that I wasn't so sure of regarding TPA. Richard, do you want to go ahead and ask Chris that question?
Richard Wright: Yeah. So how deep a function do you have in your billing? Can you provide you guys have a TPA license? Are you just doing billing? Can you do capitation? Can you hold risk? What to what extent are you providing back office services? I'm just curious.
Christopher Hume: I am not familiar with a TPA. With TPAs be used for credentialing Richard
Richard Wright: no, no, it'd be a third party administrator. They would be used in a self funded organization or used in one where you're doing management. So you're just submitting claims on behalf of the providers.
Christopher Hume: Yep submitting claims for the provider. Our clearinghouse is steady.
Richard Wright: Yeah. Okay. And who is your killering house?
Christopher Hume: Steady STEDI.
Richard Wright: Okay Chris, the question I was asking is I'm not familiar with having an administrative account and Emily's going to send on. I wanted to see was there a profile where I could look at all my providers and who's in and who's out and who I need to build and who needs to be who we're covering. And then to the extent is is there any way that I can look at the providers and what kind of we've got a real life situation. We've got Dr. Dias and David Rossi who are currently on the platform. And Rebecca and several other ones that we're trying to roll out. And we have an opportunity to use. I hate to tell you a word editor and we just want to use your platform. As basically an EMR because all we want to do is capture notes for the day be able to cut and paste those into from those templates into a Word document or take them directly from this. Document from this software and turn it into a PDF file and fax that or not fax that email that to the client at the end of the day because they do not have an EMR been shut down due to some issues they've had with the technology. And so we're on paper and pencils. We have an opportunity to come in and maybe we don't know how long it's going to take to resolve this but we're going to have three providers we want to get on board. We don't have any on our we have the ability to do what they want us to do which I've shared with Emily is to take two of our providers, one of our providers on the platform. I think another one may be and we want to add another provider. And in the interim we're also been asked to add e prescribing, but we may have already gone to a point of no return with somebody else. Let me check on that. But what we want to be able to do is just use create standardized templates and we want to use the ones that David Rossi has at least standardize those and give them to the other two providers. And that way they just dictate when they see the patient. We're able to then generate a PDF and then email that to their secure email. They want to be able to print hard copies and have those on hand. That way they can work them on the units because they're going without electronic files either. And that's kind of where we're at. And in that we were looking at other ways to look at your new technology which has changed a lot since you and I first started talking back when it was just an interface just for your AI scribing.
Richard Wright: So we're putting inly through the pace is pretty quickly from the days of four or five years ago. So bear with us.
Richard Wright: So that's kind of where we're at.
Christopher Hume: Okay, well we can first off just to talk about the templates from, excuse me, from David Rossi's account. If you or David just follows up with the names of those templates, we could share those with whoever you'd like. And then you do have access, Richard as an administrator. The email is e psychiatry. Dash B E N A Ynet. I'm not sure you're familiar with this email. Is that you?
Richard Wright: Know that email is the person who's paying the invoice and that's our accounting count.
Christopher Hume: Oh, okay. Understood. Well.
Richard Wright: She accessing this platform and reading the invoices off the platform.
Christopher Hume: I don't have easy access to. I'd have to check with the engineers, but you certainly has access as an administrator. Yeah.
Richard Wright: Okay. Well, I didn't.
Richard Wright: Okay, well she's not great. If you can just send me the information so I can have access to it. That would be great.
Christopher Hume: Okay, perfect.
Emily Kaiser: Okay, great. And then I wanted to show you now Richard. I have the right screen on here. So like I said, if you go to that send prescription. Another window opens with dosebot. And now you can probably see all of that information, how it transfers over so there's no need to enter information twice. So you have your default pharmacy. You have all of the patient information insurance information. And basically you just add prescription here. Answer a few questions and you're good to go. So it's nice and seamless.
Richard Wright: And where can they store their cigs? That their favorite, you know, scripts?
Emily Kaiser: Oh for your clinicians specifically. I believe if you just search by medication name, it should pre-populate. Chris, am I correct on that? Or there is a favorite button here.
Christopher Hume: Yeah. I think it'll pre-pocket Emily. But you know, I've actually never favorited a medication myself, but it is a feature we have Richard and kind of when we get everyone up and running, we can walk them through favorite.
Emily Kaiser: Yeah, I believe that you would just search your medication and then favorite it on the side there.
Richard Wright: Okay. Will this take will this take the information from the dictation and bring it over and pre fill out the mag that they say I'm going to put you on this and put you on that. This McMilligrams BID, you know, or QID, yada, yada, yada. Or do they have to come over and hand fill this thing out?
Christopher Hume: It communicates back and forth. Any information you put in jot so I can approve will get pushed to dose spot and vice versa.
Richard Wright: Okay. And this is in the full package is the retail side on this, the rack rates, the $69 a month. And that includes scheduled medication controls. Right?
Emily Kaiser: Correct.
Christopher Hume: Yep, all correct.
Richard Wright: Yep. Okay. Is there one for, we've got some facilities where they cannot do controls? Is there one for one that is their cheaper price for that one? Is it just one one for all?
Christopher Hume: One for all right now, Richard?
Richard Wright: We just have to pay 69. Okay. All right.
Emily Kaiser: So any other questions, I know we kind of talked about custom templates, custom form standardization across all of your clinicians. I'll send you some information on Jot Bill. And I know Chris was able to apply some clarification there, but any other questions that you had at the beginning of this meeting that we did not go over.
Richard Wright: You've got what I need to know right now to move forward and that's to have an administrative account. I didn't realize I had.
Stetsun Winchester: I would like to just go kind of if we can walk through the process in 60 seconds one last time.
Stetsun Winchester: So for the e-prescription? No, just create an account and do a session and have that note populate the patient's account. I understand that it takes about 30 seconds to create a patient account and get a first name, last name, date of birth, maybe something else. As long as we identify a specific account. Those specific templates attached to that account would populate. Once we dr an AI scribe session, the content from that would populate into the appropriate forms and that those forms themselves would be something that we can send out in the PDF to a client.
Emily Kaiser: Correct. Exactly.
Stetsun Winchester: Thanks. Appreciate it.
Emily Kaiser: No problem.
Richard Wright: Did you want to see it happen?
Stetsun Winchester: Okay, we've been using jot so long enough. We think very highly of your product and how well it parses information. Just wanted to see the count creation because our providers will have, you know, in a given day, they might have anywhere from 20, 25 different patients. I just want to see how easy it was to create the account and then call the account and know that that attaches to a specific template set. Was the key. And then and then Richard, you've been working with Jot Psych a while on the development of templates, which isn't that complicated. So I know we could go from client to client, populate different templates in different ways. That would be easily enough done. Are there any checks and balances on the way that it populates more serious regulated functionality like you're e prescribing or is that something that the provider needs to verify one last time before he clicks go?
Emily Kaiser: The latter.
Stetsun Winchester: Exactly.
Emily Kaiser: So basically it would be on a clinician to kind of navigate that. But I was going to say, as you kind of onboard more clinicians and are thinking about expanding your features within Jot, like we're happy to do any onboarding for anybody that needs it, whether it's at the administration level or for your clinicians, we can definitely walk through and just kind of go through all of these new features and make sure everybody is on the same page as far as standardization.
Stetsun Winchester: Actually, I do have one other question that is, you know, it's sometimes it's bi-directional for our clients. If someone has content that they want to parse to you or wants parts to us, let's say they send us a report. Are you capable of dissecting their report? And usually it comes from the sender. But let's say the sender's got the appropriate HL7 or FIR codes types to attach to different data elements. Are you able to automatically populate that into the EMR on specific fields? Or is that something that has to be manually done at this point?
Emily Kaiser: That's a good question.
Emily Kaiser: Chris, please tell me if I'm wrong here, but I believe that we would create you a custom template or a custom form. I guess it would be a custom form to send to that patient with those specific questions and asking for that specific set of information. Does that answer your question?
Stetsun Winchester: No. If someone has a patient report, they're sending to us for a patient document of some type. And it's coming into our, we have different clients at different needs, but that's coming in to say Jot psych. And we haven't faxed the correct fax number that our email account, EMR account would have, which I presume will be unique to our account, then that data coming in either come to command is just a document or could come in as a document that has specific HL7 or EMR or CDCA. Or fear type codes attached to different data fields like name, last name, patient history, things like that. And as it comes in, would Jot psych be able to pull that based on those different HL7 type codes and populate it into the patient's account. What would be something where we have to just take the report in and then dice and slice it ourselves.
Christopher Hume: Just to jump in here. That would be something you'd have to slice and dice yourself.
Christopher Hume: That's in this a huge thing that I can tell you I'm constantly pushing the engineering team for. So it's on the roadmap. But as of right now, the documents like that, you would just have to manually input the information or as Emily alluded to collect the information via jot psych itself.
Stetsun Winchester: Thank you. I appreciate it.
Emily Kaiser: Perfect. So any other questions that we haven't gone over, I know we went through a lot of information today. Okay. All right, great. Now I know that you guys are talking about onboarding and just kind of using more features. Did we want to maybe play with the features that we spoke about today and set up a follow up meeting just to kind of make sure that there are no remaining questions or again, set up any onboarding for clinicians, anything like that.
Richard Wright: I've got, you know, I want to move forward with onboarding a provider right now and I'll send you his name is Dr. Richard Diaz. And you can schedule an onboarding call with him tomorrow. That would be wonderful. I'll let him know he's coming. He will be working with David Rossi at Sullivan County. Also be onboarding another doctor there. His name is Dr. Al Tariq. He's their medical director. I want you to start out with right now with Richard Diaz. And once we get moving forward with their medical director, I'll bring him on later.
Emily Kaiser: Okay, that sounds good.
Richard Wright: And then we may have an opportunity to stand up three or four additional providers in a project we're working on. That we're doing a rollout on the next couple of months. In Maine and New Hampshire. So I want to get this one going really quickly. And again, we're trying to get Richard Diaz up just to do this basic kind of stuff along with David Ross where they can just do an interview. Let's take. Whatever David's going to use. And I'll also set a call with David so we can get the templates because he probably doesn't know what you have to tell him what it is. Because more than likely, I'm going to tell you, CZ, I got four different documents I use. I will bet you dollars to donuts. He used your default templates as his templates. And the client is happy with it.
Richard Wright: Let's just confirm what it is. And if we come out so I can get them to the client, which is Dr. Salith, so he can just bless them and say, this is what we want. That way we know that Dr. Al Tariq will be using them, that David will be using David's the one that developed them. And, you know, we get buy in. And then Richard will do it. I just need you onboard Richard. He's a smart guy. I just want you to show him how to use it. He's a wonderful guy. So he's down here in San Antonio in Central time. I'll send you his contact information on this. And as soon as you can get me the new sign on, I'll take care of the administrative stuff that I've got to work with with the providers that we have. And then Chris and Emily, I will send you where we're at with the clients. As you know, guys, a lot of these clients got built in AI scribing in their own system just like they got EMRs. And anytime we can bring it apart, we've got the opportunity to bring you guys in. That's what we want to do. Right now, we've got the opportunity that we can drive this stuff and when we drive it, we want to use someone that can help us. Provide customer service. And that's what we can do. And the more they use us, the more they'll use you, yada, yada, yada.
Emily Kaiser: Yeah, no, that all sounds great. We definitely appreciate that. So if you could send me Richard's contact, I can reach out to him and set up something for tomorrow. And anybody else, we can forward that wants to be on that meeting as well, just to kind of get an overview of JotSych and answer specific questions to their workflow. Also, if you could gather the template that you would like everybody to be using.
Richard Wright: That's what I, here's the, here's where I need your help. David Rossi to you. Okay. And because I can't act. Once I signed in administratively. Is there a way for me to review the templates that he's using?
Emily Kaiser: Yes. I believe that you should be able
Richard Wright: to once I get those templates, I will then start the round robin up. I can print that template out, right? I can just, all right. So once I print that thing out, I'll do the round robin with the doctor. I see in each week and more than likely I'll compare it to the default templates. And I bet's the same thing.
Emily Kaiser: Okay. So what you will do is go to where we first started our meeting and go under your practice under your administrative account and you'll be able to manage all of your clinicians as well as clinical documents.
Richard Wright: Again, the email address that you guys are using is off of our domain, but it's our accounting partner. And I don't know. And I'd rather get a new one if you can send me a new one because I got to talk with Amitha. Is not a technology person either.
Christopher Hume: So we'll send you a new link to your email to sign you up and then you can just come in as a as a secondary administrator. And then you'll have access to everything and you'll have kind of our info. And most importantly Emily's info who can help you kind of get all that data that you need.
Richard Wright: Yeah, I'm in so much pain to find out that, you know, for this whole time the person has been asking me. How do I get all this billing and what are we supposed to do? She's had this thing the whole time.
Christopher Hume: Well, Richard, I have to run to my
Richard Wright: next learning, you're learning the hard way, man.
Emily Kaiser: No problem, no problem.
Emily Kaiser: I like this that I appreciate your patience kind of bearing with me as I navigate your questions.
Richard Wright: Keep smiling, keep people engaged. You're, you're knocking out of the park.
Emily Kaiser: I appreciate it. Thank you. I appreciate it.
Richard Wright: I'm in Texas. I gotta go take another shower where it's cedar fever time.
Richard Wright: You can see how glowing up where all it's the pollens everywhere. Everything's yellow.
Richard Wright: And so yeah, I gotta go get the cedar off me.
Emily Kaiser: All right, well that sounds great. Thank you for your time, Richard, and we will follow up.
Richard Wright: All right. Hey, you'd be good. Thanks for making this happen, Chris. I appreciate it. We'll talk less.