Christopher Hume: Hey, what's going on Ryan?
Ryan McAnelly: Good morning, how are you?
Christopher Hume: Doing well, I'm in our new office, so it's tons of fun.
Ryan McAnelly: Oh, awesome. So. That's awesome, man.
Christopher Hume: Yeah, it's super neat. Yeah, I took the train up from DC this morning. For that. Early. I was in the 5am. So it was a early, early morning.
Ryan McAnelly: Oh, dude, so are you up there for a few days and then going home?
Christopher Hume: Yeah, I was going to be up until Friday. But JoJo and I are actually just going to stay the weekend tour apartment. So I'm going to stay next week. So I'm here till next Thursday, so eight days.
Ryan McAnelly: Oh, dude, that's exciting, man.
Christopher Hume: It's very, very fun.
Ryan McAnelly: Yeah, it's going to be, I know. I love New York. I love going up there. It's going to be, that's fun, man.
Christopher Hume: It's going to be, yeah, nice change. Yeah, we, I've been in DC coming up on seven years, so it'll be cool to see, see something new. And I've got a bunch of, a bunch of friends up here because I grew up nearby. So be fun. Be, yeah, we'll see.
Christopher Hume: Oh, that's cool.
Ryan McAnelly: No, there's, there's something magical about New York City. I don't know. I think it's so much cooler than any other city.
Christopher Hume: Yeah, it's pretty, getting pretty fun. Also more expensive than ALR City. I'm looking at rents. I'm like, oh baby tough, tough go, but you know, get what you pay for.
Ryan McAnelly: Right?
Christopher Hume: That's right. That's right. Okay. So I think first we have some like technical things to go through. I want to make sure your grain is set up. I actually might be the only big one. I think your calendar is up and working right Ryan.
Ryan McAnelly: Yes. Okay.
Christopher Hume: Because I was going to, that was maybe the second one. Yeah. I think just want to see how things are going from your end. Any feedback you have from me. I'll give you a little bit of feedback on some of the messages. And then I think we can keep this quick. This probably won't be long 15 minutes.
Ryan McAnelly: Okay, cool.
Christopher Hume: So how are things from your end, Ryan? Any questions for me, anything off the bat, I can help you with.
Ryan McAnelly: No. It's just taking me a minute to get into the groove of things again.
Christopher Hume: Yeah, yeah, yeah. So how is like the morning clearing out front working for you? Hopefully it's not too crazy.
Ryan McAnelly: No, no, it's, it's been fine. It's just, just being able to. Yeah, just being able to decipher between when things need to be escalated and when it's just like a normal run of the mill. Yeah. Yeah.
Christopher Hume: That makes sense. It is kind of like, it's a little bit more of art than science, right? So I think the only immediate feedback I have for you in reviewing some of the drafts is one, whenever it comes up to like security and privacy. Just be like, if someone's like, hey, can you restore deleted note just like straight? No easier for us? And then just like make sure that we keep our messaging constant. Yeah. So we don't, you don't have to worry about looking for it. We tell everyone like, hey, that could secure. It's, you know, HIPAA whatever is our middle name. I think it's just easier than being like, oh, well, maybe they got confused and actually delete it. So that would be one recommendation. And then do, I would just say you, I was looking at the ones where you're like delete. You could like those like bullshit ones. You can just archive those as they come in now. I'll keep reviewing some of your emails. So if you make sure for every email, you just have a draft message written for me and then maybe a comment that says like any questions you have. I think that'll be a good way to handle this. And then like for example tomorrow, I don't think I have any meetings. So if you're going through and you're stuck in an edge case, like I'm happy to jump on in the morning with you, kind of walk through together and make sure we can get you kind of back in the swing of things, as you said.
Ryan McAnelly: Cool. And I will be out of pocket. Next week.
Christopher Hume: Yeah, sorry you're on vacation. Well, I'm not sure it's vacation. Is it vacation hopefully?
Ryan McAnelly: Yeah, yeah.
Ryan McAnelly: We're, we're decided like our kids are getting old. We're like, we need to go on trips. We're going down to Mexico for the week. All good.
Christopher Hume: Out of here. Let me see. That starts next week. You said.
Ryan McAnelly: Or it's like it starts Friday. We travel Friday, but I'll be back. For the following Friday.
Christopher Hume: Okay, perfect.
Ryan McAnelly: Actually, let me know.
Christopher Hume: Oh, and then just administratively, did you sign your contract?
Ryan McAnelly: Yeah.
Christopher Hume: Okay. Then I don't know if Ben's probably on my end. I haven't signed it, which is why I haven't gotten the completed.
Ryan McAnelly: I think the only thing Ryan is.
Christopher Hume: Like, it's just a, like a check the box thing. Um, but if you have like just like three professional references that you provide, we do that with everyone we onboard with you and Joya. We've already worked with you. So we're doing it after the fact. Just yeah, it's mostly almost entirely a check the box thing. For me. But no, no rush. But if you could get me those sometime in the next week, I'll make sure to call. It's just a quick like, hey Ryan, who says he is whatever.
Ryan McAnelly: Cool. Er email that to you.
Christopher Hume: Yeah, slack or email, whatever's easiest. Slack is perfect. Let's do slack. My email is enough of a nightmare with all the customers. That's cute. Okay, that's everything I've got. Let's jump into grain. Can you, go to grain.com and then share your screen.
Christopher Hume: And we'll just make sure your settings are set up appropriately.
Christopher Hume: Yeah, I'm already.
Ryan McAnelly: When I saw your message. I was like, oh, that range jumped into my meeting. So I don't know what.
Christopher Hume: Oh, did it jump into your meeting with Shashan?
Ryan McAnelly: Ra? Yeah.
Christopher Hume: Oh, okay. Perfect. And we're good. I know the reason I set this up is joy is it didn't, it didn't initially. So we had to play with the settings. But if yours is already working, could you, I mean, could you throw a meeting on the calendar? Just like for right now from 10 to 10 30 with me? And then we're going to jump into that meeting. We're just going to make sure your grain shows up and then we're going to call it a day.
Ryan McAnelly: All right, cool. Sorry. Still in need of a new computer.
Christopher Hume: I know how, I know how it goes. I did the first eight months here. With an absolute beater of a laptop.
Christopher Hume: It is, it was struggling.
Ryan McAnelly: I'll have. An Apple laptop. My brother-in-law, he is, he works in IT. And they people quit. They'll, they'll take computers. And redo them.
Christopher Hume: Oh, yeah, yeah. Laush there for a second. Ryan. Yep.
Ryan McAnelly: Can you hear me now?
Christopher Hume: Can you hear me? Can you hear me? Got me now?
Ryan McAnelly: Yeah.
Christopher Hume: Awesome. Do I just throw that meeting on there?
Christopher Hume: Not sure if that's what's throwing your, your computer off. That'd be tough if it was scheduling a meeting.
Ryan McAnelly: And just send it over to you.
Christopher Hume: What was, what were you helping Shashandra with? Let's just jump to the other meeting.
Ryan McAnelly: One sec. Cool.