atriumbhs: Stop actually.
Emily Kaiser: Richard.
atriumbhs: Good morning. How are you?
Emily Kaiser: I'm good. How are you?
atriumbhs: Can you see us?
Emily Kaiser: I cannot see you, but I can hear you.
atriumbhs: Okay, so give us a second.
Emily Kaiser: No problem.
atriumbhs: It's not going to allow for them to. Okay. Okay. So we use this. We'll use. We use my computer. What email did I send out to you? From? The atrium? Yeah. Yeah. Say John. Okay. So maybe you can log out.
Emily Kaiser: Okay. Hi.
Richard Ehi. Omorogbe: Okay. Can you see us now?
Emily Kaiser: Yes, I can see you.
Richard Ehi. Omorogbe: Okay, good.
Emily Kaiser: How are you?
Richard Ehi. Omorogbe: We're doing well. Try speech translation. Not now. I'm still trying to. Okay. So where do I put it where everybody can see you? That's. That's the question.
Emily Kaiser: That is a good question.
Richard Ehi. Omorogbe: Oh, you want to. Okay. You want to project? It does give us a second.
Emily Kaiser: Okay. No problem. Take your time.
Richard Ehi. Omorogbe: Okay. Okay. Let me turn off that light, please. Okay. Can you. Can you all say?
Emily Kaiser: I'll go to my end?
Richard Ehi. Omorogbe: Okay, Miss Rosalind. Dr. Gloria. Okay. Steve blurry. It is reflect. Ed. Now. We're seeing. Half of the screen. So. Don't move. It close. R. Okay, you better off off here. Okay. All right. Okay. Oh. About this one. Okay. Okay. Right there. So now. Yeah, you can just grab a seat. And then I'll be missing this video. Miss Emily, you may not see us. Can you see us?
Emily Kaiser: I can see a screen, but that's okay. As long as I can hear you and you can all see me in the screen that I will share, that should be just fine.
Richard Ehi. Omorogbe: Okay. Go ahead. We are ready for you.
Emily Kaiser: Okay, great. So I guess just to start. Well, my name is Emily. I'm with jot psych, and it sounds like you're all familiar with jot psych to an extent. But I would love to hear a little bit from you, Richard and your team. Kind of if you could kind of tell me where you guys are at right now at atrium behavioral. As far as what you're looking for in a software solution and maybe what you're currently using and. And why you're kind of feeling a change is necessary. So if you could kind of start by telling me a little bit about your practice just so I could better tailor the demo and. And try to provide the best information possible.
Richard Ehi. Omorogbe: Okay, so we located in Baltimore, Maryland. We are a new omac. We just started operations October of last year. And up to last week we used ican note.
Richard Ehi. Omorogbe: Plus and we are switching to. I cannot classic beginning this week. Okay. So we provide medication management, mental health services or substance use disorder treatment. Opioid treatment and stuff like that, both individual, family and group. Sections. And so that's what, that's in a nutshell what we do. We have both psychiatric nurse practitioners in the practice. We have license clinical social workers and other therapists providing clinical services.
Emily Kaiser: Okay. Okay, great. Well, thank you for that information. So. So with I can, I can notes. Is that strictly a EHR?
Richard Ehi. Omorogbe: Yes.
Emily Kaiser: Okay. So what are all the capabilities with ICANN?
Richard Ehi. Omorogbe: With die can next weekend actually did the plus had the AI scrub by the classic does not. So what I can, we can do everything that we are asking you to do for us. Except the AI piece of it. We can, we can do treatment plan, we can do psychological and psychiatric assessment. We can do treatment plan, you know, progress notes. And, you know, a whole lot more. The AI technology aspect of it is missing. And that is why we are trying to contract with you.
Emily Kaiser: Okay. Okay, great. All good information. And that is super helpful again. So I can just make sure that I'm sharing all the right information and answering any of your questions. So let me go ahead and I'm just going to share my screen here and show you. Let's see jot psych. So you can kind of get a feel for it. Okay. Can you see my screen here?
Richard Ehi. Omorogbe: Yes.
Emily Kaiser: Okay. So I just. Okay, so what you are seeing is dropsy's homepage. There's many capabilities on jot psych just to kind of give you a broader view on where jot psych started and kind of the direction we're heading just so you can get an idea of our why and then maybe how it fits into your book of business. But basically, jot psych started as the AI scribe. And we are getting a lot of feedback from clinicians, basically, that there are so many systems needed to operate day-to-day workflow in a space like yours. So, you know, you have the system for the prescribing, the system for the billing, the system for the AI scribe, the system for the note taking, all of those things all require a separate system. And so what JotSyke is doing now is we're working on becoming a one stop shop for clinicians. To standardize workflow and to make it so you can operate out of one system, making things just a bit more seamless, but also standardizing workflow for your whole office. You know, everybody's working off of the same system and making things all together more seamless. So that's a little bit of kind of where jot psych started in the direction we're heading now, just to kind of keep that in mind as I walk through the platform. So here, what you're seeing is our home page. So this is basically where you can jump right into recording an encounter, reviewing, signing notes, managing patient profiles. And, and more, basically. So I will show you just kind of how a clinician will jump right into recording your first encounter so you can get an idea of ease, basically, so you can click record or you can click that record button that you saw right here on the home page, and it brings you to this page so you can attach a patient and you can, you can use any patient. These are all demos. Basically, you select a patient and it'll give you some general information, and then you accept the type of or select the type of template that you want to use. So depending on the type of appointment you are about to have. Now we have a bunch of different templates in our library. You also have the ability to create your own templates, upload your own template if you already have one atrium health, and you can edit any of the ones that you see in our library. Same thing with forms with patient forms. So right now we'll just go ahead and choose a follow up. But here I don't have much information on this demo patient. Let me see if I can select one that has a little bit of information so you can kind of see. But right there, what typically loads is information on last encounter, demographic information, medication information, diagnosis information. So you can kind of, again, just keep everything in one tab. So. We'll go back to Rowena here. So again, it keeps track of medications, demographic information, any last encounter information so you can kind of see this without jumping to another screen. And seeing all necessary information. So now we have our patient selected. We have the type of appointment we're about to have in all of the basic information here. So what you would do is you can click start recording. It starts recording over here. You can pause the recording and the recording and you can edit any notes down here as well. So you would just walk through just how you would a regular appointment. You would let this record the whole time and then you would do end recording. So I want to show you this here so you can see exactly the next steps and how it would operate again in your workflow. But I'm going to generate a note so you can see how quick it is to generate. You also have the option to save for later. But let's go ahead and generate notes so you can see what it does. But because we didn't have a clinical conversation, I am going to jump to an already generated note so you can really see, you know, the results that would come from a clinical conversation. Like if you were in an appointment with a patient
Richard Ehi. Omorogbe: instead of going to the clinical note that was already. Created, can you actually show us just. The, does the conversation you just had? Can you show us how your system will actually use that information?
Emily Kaiser: Yeah. So actually what you see on my screen now is the note that I just generated from the conversation we just had. So you see a lot of the sections there, they say NA because we didn't have a conversation on medication history or the HPI or it basically wasn't applicable because we didn't speak about the things that you typically would speak about in an appointment. But this is kind of what happens. So just to give you an example of that. So this is what happens once you have a conversation. But again, a lot of this is not applicable because we didn't have that conversation. So let me jump to a note that has a better example of what is produced after you have, you know, a real appointment with a patient. So over here, documentations, and then you would go to notes. So every time you record with a patient, it is saved under here. So we will go to. Alfred Appleseed is another patient of ours. Let me see here. May need to update my. Patients. We use a couple different demo accounts. So let's see. Okay. So I'm, like I said, we use a couple different demo accounts. So I will show you kind of what happens every time you record with Rowena. And then I'd love to show you again, just like a note that is produced. Let me switch screens here and, and change what I'm sharing. So I know that this is a lot of information at once. Any questions while I navigate to our next screen?
Richard Ehi. Omorogbe: Why you navigate? I something that like sleep, for example. I saw Chief Medical complaint, which usually do that we usually don't ask questions all the time about sleep. So my question is. Are we going to have a bunch of NAs on the, those sub headings in a specific note?
Emily Kaiser: No. So you typically, so what you would do is you would select the type of template based off of the appointment that you're about to have. So that note is created on all information based off the template that you choose. So there should be no gaps essentially. The only reason you are seeing NA is because we were having a conversation that wasn't clinical based. Does that make sense?
Richard Ehi. Omorogbe: Yeah.
Emily Kaiser: Okay. So I'm just logging into a different account here.
Richard Ehi. Omorogbe: If we select a template. And, and the system did not capture a conversation. Concerning one of those subheadings. What happens with that subheading when, when the note is correlated.
Emily Kaiser: Can you repeat that?
Richard Ehi. Omorogbe: Oh, I said, so if I select a template. And then, and then I had a session with the patient. With clinical section. By some of those subheadings, there was no discussions about those subheadings. For example, sleep.
Emily Kaiser: Yes.
Richard Ehi. Omorogbe: So the question is, how does that subheading appear on the note?
Emily Kaiser: Yeah. So here's an example. So again, these are all demo patients, so you may notice as you read through this note that there's some contradicting information. That's simply because we've had several different conversations on different demos with John Doe here. But so sleep. So typically, this is the kind of information that you would see under sleep. You would see sleep history. Anything that you've spoken about in that appointment would fall under this category. Now, I do also want to point out that. So here is the type of note that or the type of template that we selected with John Doe. But you have the option to, after you record a session, you can go through and you can change the type of template that you selected if you feel that one, maybe your, your conversation turned and you feel like a different template is more applicable to your conversation. You can go in and you can change that template so it would reorganize the note based off of that template. Does that make sense?
Richard Ehi. Omorogbe: Okay, let me ask you my question in a different way. Will your system. Automatically. Create subheadings for my node based on the section instead of. A template that has already been pre populated?
Emily Kaiser: Into these. Sections based off of the template that you choose now if you want to go through after and change your template to something more applicable to your conversation, you can do that. But you also have the option. Maybe it would be helpful if I go here to show you all of the different templates you can choose from. You also have the option to create your own template. If you feel like, you know, if you already have a template that you're using at your practice and you want to upload that here, you can do that. So basically it would take that template and it would create sections based off of what you upload. So you also have the ability to browse library here and you can see all of the different templates that are already in our system and you have the ability to add or to edit.
Richard Ehi. Omorogbe: The question please. My question is does job site sync seamlessly with icon? Can I just start seeing the patient for an intake? And how does it correlate what I can do you have to put the system? The job site into the back end of ICAN so that it's seamless. That way we don't finish this template copy and paste. How do you guys.
Emily Kaiser: Yes? Yeah, good question. So we have a Chrome extension. So right here you can see that that Chrome extension is already downloaded on my end. So what happens here? Is you can go through and you can do. Add this little chat here. So what you can do in order to transfer that information over, you can do it copy all sections. Copying all sections is right here ensuring that you are selecting all of the sections of the notes. So you can see 15 sections copied to clipboard or you can go through if you don't need all of this information over an ICAN, you can select specific sections. And basically what you can do is you can transfer it right over so you can sign the note and it just goes right here.
Richard Ehi. Omorogbe: No, no, no. No, no. What we are asking you that did not answer the question at all. So, so you said we, you use the word we can transfer. Our question was. Is your system synchronized? Is it its interface with I cannot already so that when we log into iCanode, we are able to just access your product.
Emily Kaiser: Yes, yes, you can.
Richard Ehi. Omorogbe: Okay, can you please tell us
Emily Kaiser: how so basically with this EHR extension, we have an EHR Essentials package where everything, as far as unlimited labs, forms, documents, follow up emails, they can transfer directly through already seamlessly integrating. So there is no need to copy and paste, essentially, with ICAN.
Richard Ehi. Omorogbe: So how, how does that, that's the question is we are just looking at the practicability of what we are talking about.
Emily Kaiser: So if you right here where you see launch. So as you see, I copied these notes over here. If you just click launch, basically it delivers the content. From jot psych to ICAN. This EHR extension kind of represents ICANN. So then that is how the information gets from Jot psych to ICAN.
Richard Ehi. Omorogbe: N. Into the patient's chat.
Emily Kaiser: Yes. So it'll transfer all information from this note and all of the information from the appointment you just had with the patient and it'll see how it says complete here. So you can scroll down now and you can see that all of this information that I selected, I did three specific sections, but you could do the whole note is seamlessly transferred over. So it's just a click of a button.
Richard Ehi. Omorogbe: So, so in order for us to be able to do that. The way you have to also. Equally create the demographic for all our patients in George Psych.
Emily Kaiser: No, we basically, we offer data transfers so we could, you know, we could take a look at ICANN and what you guys currently have in your database. And we do the transfer on our end. Basically, we do all the heavy lifting.
Richard Ehi. Omorogbe: Okay.
Emily Kaiser: Yeah. So you would be able to go on and you can see. You would be able to see a list of patients based off of what you currently have in ICANN. So these are your patient overviews. So let me show you. I can go into one of these. And every time you record with John Doe, you record a session with John Doe. This profile in the background builds. So again, just kind of keeping everything in one space. So let me just exit out of this so you can see my full screen here. So everything that you see here is being built every time you record with John Doe. So you can see information on last encounter. You can see treatment plan. You can see patient forms that have been sent over. Now you, again, I don't know if you know this, but you have the ability to send forms to the patient from Jotzyc to request labs to generate clinical documents, to send follow up information and to request payment all from Jot psych. As well as sending prescriptions and just again seeing all of this information here in one space. So looks like we sent a form over to John Doe and then we, he sent it back. And then we see the results here.
Richard Ehi. Omorogbe: So let, let us ask you a quick question. Can we use judge psych without I can to just do all our EHR business.
Emily Kaiser: Yes.
Richard Ehi. Omorogbe: Yes, we can.
Emily Kaiser: Because we're getting so much feedback from clinicians that there are too many systems to operate, essentially. Jotic is operating as an EHR. So you have the ability to e-prescribe. You have the ability for telehealth. You have the ability to send all of those things that we just covered as far as collecting payment. You have the ability to bill. Jot site can definitely operate on its own. Any questions on the patient portal here?
Richard Ehi. Omorogbe: So if I, if I come into the office in the morning and I'm about to begin my day, I have my first patient sitting in front of me. How does the process work? Do I, first of all, log into my IK notes or I logged into job site and then how, how would the process work?
Emily Kaiser: Yeah. So it kind of depends on, on what you prefer, to be honest with your specific workflow, but you can operate schedule wise completely out of jot psych. So our schedule here, it works very much like a Google calendar in the sense that you would, you could see an appointment, you could create a new appointment. And, you know, you could select a patient again. We could do the data transfer. So everything in ICANN would be all the information here. So you would select a patient, you would select the type of appointment when you're trying to host that appointment. And if I go ahead and click save. It is already right here on your calendar. So you could go in and you could start recording immediately. So if you wanted to operate out of the Jot site calendar, then you could log in at the beginning of your day. You could log into Jot psych, go right to the schedule, see what you have on the docket for the day. Or if you wanted to operate out of your own personal schedule that you're already operating out of. You could do that too. Again, it's just personal preference.
Richard Ehi. Omorogbe: Can you please, let's assume we were just using job site for, for our year ehr. Is it possible for you to just give us a brief overview of how that would look like?
Emily Kaiser: Yeah. So let me see here. So there's a couple different ways you could do it. Again, we could go to patients. And you can put all payer information in here as well. If you were a part of job bill. So you could see all of that. But essentially you could operate out of your schedule of what we just saw so you can manage your appointments and you would be able to jump into your appointment by clicking on your appointment. So you could start recording automatically from there. And then if you wanted to send again forms, labs, anything like that, you could manage all of that through the patient profile. So going back to the patient profile, this is where you send all of that, all of those documents. So say you want to send a form to a patient, you click this button and these are all of the forms in our database. But just like templates, you have the option to customize any of these, add your own or create your own with jot psych system. So say you wanted to send this form to John Doe. You click this here. So you have the option to send via email or text message or both. You can customize a message and then it's going to preview. It's going to show you exactly what that message and that email looks like for John Doe and basically how it will be received. And then you just click send form. Same thing with labs payment follow up. So say you wanted to send a follow up to the patient directly after your appointment. This is kind of looking at the last conversation you had with John Doe and it's sending this to John Doe. Does that kind of answer your question?
Richard Ehi. Omorogbe: Yeah.
Emily Kaiser: And then here is where you could operate your practice essentially. So you could manage all of the clinicians that are using Jot psych. You can add different things to your Jot site profile. You could create templates for everybody in atrium health to use. So everybody is on the same page. Just kind of customizing patient settings, essentially, or practice settings, essentially.
Richard Ehi. Omorogbe: Does anybody have any questions? How long does jot psych hold the patient's information? Does it, I mean, is it a weekly thing or do you guys like hold information just like a regular EHR?
Emily Kaiser: Seven years is how long we have we hold the information.
Richard Ehi. Omorogbe: Can you guys work solo as EHR and scheduling and everything without a backup of another EHR like yes.
Emily Kaiser: Yeah, we have some people that are transitioning to just using Jot psych with our new features that we offer.
Richard Ehi. Omorogbe: All right, Dr. Gloria, do you have any questions? Well. I didn't quite see what was going on because, I mean, the screen was too far away. I'm hoping that we're able to, even if it's on their website, we can go and see a demonstration on our own. But the person that I would have asked, do we each have to have our own accounts? No. Or is it a central account for the practice? It's a central account. Here. So is it possible for us to go to the website and see a demo or something?
Emily Kaiser: Yes. Yeah. So you could go to the website, just jot psych.com and you can see a couple different ways of how it works. It won't necessarily be as in depth as what we went through today. If you did want to set up another, you know, 15, 30 minutes, I'm happy to kind of go through this again if you just want better visibility on it. We do offer pilot programs, which is essentially allowing your practice and everybody at your office to try job psych just to kind of see what that looks like inside your office, inside your workflows and really let your organization get a feel for how jot psych works for you guys. If, if you are interested in that, we can definitely share some more information.
Richard Ehi. Omorogbe: Dr. Yvonne, Miss Law, do you have any questions?
Emily Kaiser: Okay, so I want to show you one more thing that we didn't go through here. Another way to use jots like as an EHR. Can you see this screen?
Richard Ehi. Omorogbe: Yes.
Emily Kaiser: So you see Rowena here? Okay, perfect. So again, like I said, you can send prescriptions. I don't know how you guys are currently handling that, but within jot psych, you can send us script directly in the chart. So here we are again at Rowena's patient overview. And again, this shows you all of the information with Rowena. Every time you record with Rowena, this information builds. So you have all information needed right here, but this is also where you can send prescriptions. So if you click this button, we have a prescribing partner dose bot. So a dose plot window opens up. And again, no need to enter an information twice, which is a big plus for a lot of clinicians that we work with in the sense that all of that information is already in here. If it's in jot psych, it is in dose audit transfers automatically to again create a more seamless workflow. So you have patient information as far as address, insurance information, coverage details are right here. They're pharmacy information here. And what you do is you add prescription. And you simply search. And you select what type of medication as far as milligrams you would like to prescribe. You go ahead and click that. It's going to ask you for a couple little bits of information as far as diagnosis codes. And then once you fill that out, you create medication and it sends automatically to the pharmacy.
Richard Ehi. Omorogbe: Okay.
Emily Kaiser: Any questions on that?
Richard Ehi. Omorogbe: So what. What complaints have you heard about your program so far?
Emily Kaiser: Not that we haven't heard complaints necessarily, but we are adding in when we get feedback, our team really works to make adjustments to our platform. So basically, we have, like I, I've shared, we've gotten a lot of feedback that.
Emily Kaiser: We are here. Sorry about that. Like I said, we've gotten a lot of feedback. The number one piece of feedback we've gotten is that they wish that, you know, people wish we had more capabilities as far as e prescription and as far as operating like an EHR and as far as adding these things that we've really worked on adding. So I would say that that is the number one piece of feedback that we have gotten here at Jot Psych. But since getting that feedback and because it's, it's been an overwhelming amount of feedback, we've created adjustments. So again, we're able to create more seamless workflow for clinicians. So I would say that's a big plus of jot psych is the ability to is the ability to adapt.
Richard Ehi. Omorogbe: All right. Thank you so much. Does any questions? Okay, so I'll get back to you later on.
Emily Kaiser: Okay, that sounds good. Well, thank you so much for your time. And please let me know if you want more information on anything we went over today. Again, if, if for anyone who didn't really get to see the up close, if you want to reschedule and do another 15 minutes, I'm happy to do that or any information on the pilot program. I'm happy to share.
Richard Ehi. Omorogbe: Okay.
Emily Kaiser: All right.
Richard Ehi. Omorogbe: Thank you.
Emily Kaiser: Have a good day. Bye.
Richard Ehi. Omorogbe: Thank you. Okay. I thought that was my computer. No wonder it didn't go. So I was trying to recharge. I was trying to recharge my computer because I knew any moment it would die. And when I plugged it, it didn't fit. I said, oh, my goodness, I took the wrong charger. And you, you, after, like, we were doing me a favor. But what, what does everybody think? What do you all think? Okay. Okay. What, what do you all think? From a business perspective, this is just. Business perspective. Why would you want your client information to be scattered around that way? Yeah, that opens you to a lot of people. Because if there's this and gas, now you are included just because you're associated from just a business perspective. Yeah. Your patient information should be. Tailored to one data information. That way you are secured by them. To, to me personally, instead of using that, how do land adjust if I'm desperate, I would rather just use my doximity because my information copy and pasted it. That's the way I'm gonna go. Again, this is not my business. I'm just giving you a. Yeah. Yeah. Information is more important to me because now you're starting in your information to us. To them. Whoever else they are contacting outside to argue a note to, to whoever has as a backup, if you're gonna go and they can do everything, why don't you just be in one system and do they use their AI building? That's just how I see. Why use the classic and then have them with all the information? Because now you have to give your patient to have any consent because you're going out of the system to be covered. So you have to deal with the different kind of concerns that you have for them. That's just. My. Goal is looking at me sideways. But I'm just saying, yeah, so you make sense. Yeah. Thank you. Well, noted. What do you think? Anybody else? Yeah, I agree with for the information being all over the place. For one, I still don't understand. She didn't make it clear to me how seamless you're gonna teleport the information from us so I can. They need to have accountable eigen. I can easily make a company. I feel it's not going to let you go in your back end. They don't know what kind of virus you're going to bring into their back end. They're not going to allow them for a system that they also provide. So then if you don't have a contract with ICAN, like icon slash judge site that everybody knows about, like, you guys are integrated. You're married. They're the same company. We merge together. That's the only way you can teleport. I don't see how it's still going to be like a copy and paste. Well, let me, let me tell you, when I mean, when I, I was talking to chat GPT, and I was talking to them, and after I read the template they sent to me, I was very excited about them until this presentation. What I was just looking at, because for I can notes between you and I, we have, we use, we use in Novolon. Which I cannot to do our building. S. And, and there's a lot of back ends that we do with iKenotes that, that goes beyond just rightly notes. And so. If we were to even mess with that. I said, oh, Lord, that I cannot even begin to tell you. So when she now started talking about, you know, you can use what, what I'm just looking for. Is just the basic. It's just the basic.