Becca Bressler: How are you doing?
Lisa Anderson: Well. How are you doing?
Becca Bressler: Good. Thanks so much for being available at such a last minute. Yeah. Email. This is super awesome. And I actually want to talk about a couple things with you. Yeah. Floored the new jaw audit feature at all.
Lisa Anderson: Yeah. And I, I did receive your message and if I don't market as unread, I forget about it.
Becca Bressler: Oh, no problem.
Lisa Anderson: I was like, oh, no. Yeah, I think it's really cool. The only thing that I wasn't quite sure about was it did it automatically. And so like all 40 were like done like automatically. And I was like, well, I don't need it done in the same node. I kind of wanted to save it for like the new evals and stuff to make sure I was doing those correctly. Got it.
Becca Bressler: You want to be able to like manually choose which doing it for.
Lisa Anderson: Yes. There's only like 40 free and it's already like completely done for this month because it wouldn't let me choose.
Becca Bressler: Okay.
Lisa Anderson: Use it on like hardly any of them recently, but it still did it automatically.
Becca Bressler: Okay, that's super helpful. Let me make a note of that because that's really great. What did you think of the quality of what you were seeing?
Lisa Anderson: It actually did a pretty good job and I actually did take a couple of suggestions and I actually integrated into the actual note because I was like, oh, that's actually really good. The only thing that I didn't think was correct was when we do the 90833 add on psychotherapy code, we don't need to have like exact time frames. Like we spent from like 9am to 9:20 doing psychotherapy. Medicare allows us just to do, you know, 16 plus minutes. And it kept flagging that as being incorrect. And I was like, no, that's not actually incorrect. That's actually okay because I was doing it via medical decision making and not time based.
Becca Bressler: Okay, got it. So it was basically like, you can't code this because you haven't been doing this for enough time. And you're like, yes, I didn't hit the time, but I'm doing it based on medical decision making.
Lisa Anderson: Yes, yes. And so I had to correct that because I did correct it because it said, you know, I had to put the time in there. And I was like, I'm not doing time based. I'm doing medical decision making. And so I had to correct that with the audit. But otherwise it's actually doing great. I only got to run one initial eval through it, which kind of a bummer because I have a couple new evals coming up.
Lisa Anderson: I wanted to check on that, but so all of them have been like the follow ups, which I mean, I did make a couple of changes which I thought were really, really good. But I like it. It's just the time based. It doesn't. I guess there's no way to. I don't know if there is a way to put like via time based versus medical decision making because. They're, they are different.
Becca Bressler: Okay, got it. That's super helpful. Okay, great. And okay, so. And then what it did you see like the call to action where it was like, you've hit your limit. Click here if you want to upgrade, basically. Did you.
Lisa Anderson: I think so.
Becca Bressler: That's how you must have known that you were out of them. Did you look into that? Like, I know that you're like price conscious, you have multiple systems, but I'm curious, like when you look, did you consider paying for it or were you like, I'm not going to add another tool to my, you know, group of tools right now. I'm just like, we obviously are trying to figure out how to price these things and we've had people purchase it, which is really exciting. But I would love to hear from you what your experience. Did you look at it? Did you click like, oh, how much is this? Or did you not even click?
Lisa Anderson: I don't even think I clicked just because I was like, well, if it's gonna reset, I guess back in March, I'll just see if I can get new evals in early March.
Becca Bressler: Okay.
Lisa Anderson: To run it on again.
Becca Bressler: Got it. So it wasn't like, okay, I can, it was, it was more, I can do without this. And okay, great. So like it's not worth purchasing for, but it is helpful to use when I have access to it. Basically.
Lisa Anderson: Yeah. Because I feel like once I do all the suggestions, it's kind of like set and so it recommends the fixes and I did the fixes and then for all the follow up notes, it keeps bringing up like the time based, I'm like, well, I'm not using time based, so I'm not going to fix that.
Becca Bressler: Yeah.
Lisa Anderson: So but once it's like, you know, set, it seems to be set where I don't feel like I need it anymore. Okay.
Lisa Anderson: But I still would like to do a couple of the events.
Becca Bressler: I see what you're saying. So because you're like training the template based on the recommendations, you don't necessarily need it in an ongoing way. Like it's going to remove the. Okay, that's super interesting and makes total sense. Like what? You know, if we're making your templates better, you shouldn't actually need this in an ongoing way. Okay, that's super helpful context. But it sounds like the time versus medical decision making is kind of the only thing you saw that you were like, yeah, this is kind of off. What did you think about the recommended CPT codes?
Lisa Anderson: They were actually okay. It seemed like it was pretty much consistent. Again, the only thing that it was, it was trying to base it off of was the time based. And there wasn't a way to say that, no, I'm not doing time based, I'm doing mdm. So I need medical decision making. But so it would like, say just like 99214 and it would justify it. And then I had to train the template to say, no, I need you to also put 90833 in there and then justify that as to this is medical decision making, not time based.
Lisa Anderson: Okay, got it.
Becca Bressler: That's okay. Cool. Awesome. Well, this is super exciting. I'm glad to hear that you are finding it helpful and your feedback is always super valuable to us.
Becca Bressler: But it's exciting to get it. It's exciting to release something that is working well the first time. I know that you've experienced some of the issues, like with our calendar, for instance, that was kind of a mess when we first put it out there. So we're really trying to be more deliberate these days before we put things out there. So the second thing I want to talk to you about is related to our E prescription. So one of the things I'm trying to do and maybe you could even share your screen for me. We have this integration with a vendor dose spot. We are not yet integrated such that you can prescribe within JOT Psych. It still takes you to a different link in a web browser. But I think the main thing I want to hear more about is what the expectations are as far as what you're doing, what you're prescribing and how that interacts with your final note and the patient's profile, etc. Do you mind just sharing your screen? Yeah, because I guess the things I'm. Yeah, yeah.
Lisa Anderson: Okay, we'll just do that. Okay. And so. There we go. Whoops. Okay, there we go. Okay, so where would you like me to go?
Becca Bressler: Well, so I guess can you pull up a note? Maybe not a completed one, but like a. Yeah. In progress on before you finished it?
Lisa Anderson: Yeah, just as like a heads up. Like these notes right here, they're not complete because I guess JOT Psych was having some issues Monday and it was taking information from the previous note that was not relevant to the session. So I have to go back and redo them.
Becca Bressler: But wait, sorry, can you say more about the. And are you not experiencing that issue anymore?
Lisa Anderson: I didn't for the last. The last notes. And so like these two for my new patient and my last patient, it was fine. It was just the morning. And it wasn't even for the first one. It was just these four where it was like almost identical to the previous note. And I was like, well, hold up, that's not what we talked about this session.
Lisa Anderson: And I go back to the previous note and it was like, what happened?
Becca Bressler: So question for you, Lisa. Did you check the transcript? Because one of the things I'm wondering about is if it didn't record the audio. And so it pulled from the last one, but it did record your session, I believe.
Lisa Anderson: So let me.
Becca Bressler: Because that's odd.
Becca Bressler: And I want you to let me know if that continues to happen, because it's strange.
Lisa Anderson: So go. Transcript.
Becca Bressler: Yeah. So this is the transcript of your visit.
Lisa Anderson: That is a transcript, Yeah. I mean, you can see that I, like, had the original one and then I did. Or. No, this particular one, for some reason, it wouldn't let me. The patient in, and I don't know why.
Becca Bressler: Do you mean after the fact or before the session?
Lisa Anderson: Both. And so I kept trying to put the patient in, and it would say, patient not found, Try again later, or something like that. So I had to go back and wait till the afternoon before I could rerun it. So that's why you see, like, the first one just has this one here, because it would not let me rerun it at all.
Lisa Anderson: Like, with the patient attached.
Becca Bressler: Ultimately, did you just. Were you able to click, like, assign patient, and that's how you got this patient on there. But when you tried earlier, like, click that and nothing happened, or you got an error, basically.
Lisa Anderson: I got an error. Yeah.
Lisa Anderson: It said something like, patient not found, try again later. And I'm like, okay, that's super weird.
Becca Bressler: Next time you see that, if you're able to take a screenshot and send it to me, that could be helpful, but. Okay, please. So actually, just because we're, like, limited on time, I want to transition over to the. Like to the E prescription. But if this happens again, will you just email me directly and then I can. So yeah. So if you click one and you go into someone's chart, basically what I want to know is the medication information that you're prescribing, where does it live in the chart then?
Becca Bressler: So active medications, inactive medications, and then. And then what do you see in your final note that you're signing?
Lisa Anderson: Yeah, so the final note with this system, it's not very nice, I guess you could say where. Like, for example, here I have it. This is all from Job Psych. Well, that's not the pretty one. I can finally, like, do the copy over, like, the bold and the italics, which I really, really like a lot. Let's see. Think of this one is. Okay. Yeah. Okay. So what I do in jot Psych is I have it, like, listed over here, like, for current medications.
Lisa Anderson: So put that in there. And then it should justify it in the assessment part, like with all the medications of what's being used and why. And then at the very end, I have here for the medications and the treatment part. Plan as well. So I have to have job psych manually put it in because it doesn't tie it to the ehr, which kind of sucks.
Becca Bressler: So what you're saying is in simple practice, when you make prescriptions, it doesn't automatically then put those medications in the chart?
Lisa Anderson: No, it sucks. Same with the diagnosis, same with the vitals. I have to put it all in manually.
Becca Bressler: Huh. So have you used other EHRs where it's worked differently?
Lisa Anderson: Yes, Practice Fusion was what I used previously. And that one, you were able to tie the diagnosis and the medications directly to the note when you would print out the note. If I go here and say print, it's just going to literally be the note. Okay, go away. Oh, okay, that's fine. So it'll just be the note and the diagnosis are being pulled from the treatment plan. That was a while back I manually put in myself. But the medications are nowhere on here at all, which kind of is pretty annoying because it might have to.
Becca Bressler: Is that not required in a note in like a clinical signed note? Don't you need to have the medication information?
Lisa Anderson: It is. And so that's why I have to just have. I have JOT s like me put it in.
Lisa Anderson: So like medications that I have it manually put in there. So I don't know why, but I think simple practice is more geared towards therapists, if I'm being honest.
Becca Bressler: Right.
Lisa Anderson: Because they don't even have like the vital signs, for example. I have to manually put those in. And it doesn't even keep track of that. And there's no like, you know, flowchart or anything because they got flowcharts for simple practice for like the screening tools like the phq9 and stuff. But that's not even integrated. And I have to tell JOT Psych to manually put those in as well. And it's. So this one's a little bit old, but the last couple of weeks it's actually been pulling the previous ones as well, which is what I wanted it to do.
Lisa Anderson: So it kind of corrected itself on that. But the other one would actually pull that information in as well and keep like a flowchart for the vitals. And there's no way to do that in simple practice, which is really annoying because I like to see flowcharts and not have to go manually look at a note to see what their weight and blood pressure was.
Becca Bressler: So with Practice Fusion, I just want to understand what would happen. So you could prescribe a medication and when you're prescribing, is it required to put in the ICD10 code or.
Lisa Anderson: I think so. And I may actually have. Yeah, this is the initial eval from simple practice that or practice fusion that I was able to get. And so you can see it's very, very different. And it has, like, the vitals that are already in there. It's going to have the. The diagnosis that were actually, like, put in there, including, like, the historical diagnosis as well. It has all the medications in there that are automatically put in there. And so all of that is before you even get to the actual note. And that's cool. Like, and it would have automatically been the patient chart.
Becca Bressler: Like, you go to prescribe something and it adds that to the patient's chart. What about, like, past medications, et cetera? Is that something? So let's say you're getting a new intake and I. You're prescribing me some new medication. I'm like, oh, yeah, I've tried this. I've tried this. I've tried this. With Practice Fusion, for instance, is that information you would just add to their chart, or is that something you actually, like, put in the prescription part of the software as just, like, inactive or pass. Like, how would you incorporate that information in the patient's chart and then how would it wind up in the note?
Lisa Anderson: Got it. So if it's medicines that I have not done before. So, like, for this particular patient on the new eval, try to enlarge that a little bit. I'll actually put in there, like, the psychiatric past medications. So, you know, antidepressants include, like, those. Anxiety includes that. That goes in the actual note. I don't put it, like, in the actual, like, ehr. I get, well, the medication section because they're passed and I didn't prescribe them. I just write them down in the actual initial eval.
Becca Bressler: Got it. So, like, it's not as though if you go to the patient's chart, you see their past medication in their profile. It's only in notes.
Lisa Anderson: Yeah. And now what is cool about this system that was not available for Practice Fusion is that when I go to their medications, and I do like this feature a lot, and I wish Practice Fusion would have had it. It does show in here, like, medication history, and it'll actually show all of their medical medications that they've been prescribed in the last three months, besides what I'm prescribing them.
Becca Bressler: That's cool.
Lisa Anderson: That's really neat to see, because Practice Fusion did not have that feature. And I like seeing, you know, what they're being prescribed by other prescribers as well. That's. That's kind of neat.
Becca Bressler: Yeah. Dose Spot, I think, has this. You can see the medication history, which is the vendor we're using. So. Got it. For Practice Fusion, though, when it came, you said for past medication, Is that just a personal preference that you didn't, like, want to put that in the patient profile, but just leave it, Stick it into the note. Or did practice Fusion not actually just give you the ability to distinguish past versus current medication?
Lisa Anderson: So it would have taken a lot of time because you would have actually had to put in every single individual medication individually and. A lot of patients don't know the dosages that they were on or the dates they were prescribed it. So I just put it in the actual note.
Becca Bressler: Okay.
Becca Bressler: And, like, copy it over each time. Or, you know, it's now in Jot Psych, so it automatically carries forward, is what you're saying.
Lisa Anderson: Yeah. And in Jot Psych, I don't typically. I mean, as long as it's inactive, it's okay, but sometimes it'll pick up on, like, the medical medications like levothyroxine or whatever, and it'll assume that I'm prescribing it. Like, no, I'm not prescribing it. And so I'll delete that one altogether. Got it. But, yeah.
Becca Bressler: So I want to share my notes with you or I want to share my screen with you for a quick second. So I'm just trying to, like, you know, my. My question is really, I'm trying to make this product, like, meet user expectations and. But also figure out, like, what's an okay version one, you know, versus like, what's a necessary version one. Just because we want to get this out quickly and, you know, get feedback. So imagine this. Let me prescribe. I would be able to click prescribe here. Can you can see my mouse?
Lisa Anderson: Yes.
Becca Bressler: Okay. It would open up a new tab, and it would take me to. Actually, I know we're sort of limited on time, but I'm thinking I want to just kind of show you. So hold on. Give me one second.
Becca Bressler: I'm going to. I'm actually just going to log into this. How would I do this? Oh, you know what? That might just be on. Sorry, Lisa. I'm just trying to figure out the best way of doing this. Here, let me do this. All right. Okay. Where are you now? I need to find my screen. I'm talking to you. Sorry, Lisa. Let me try and figure out how to get back into our calm.
Lisa Anderson: You're good.
Becca Bressler: So basically what I want to show you is I think it's this. You can see my. Okay, great. So, so this is an account where I have e prescription set up.
Becca Bressler: And so do is like click prescribe. I do that, it just opens another tab and so it takes me into do spot. And this is where you would like add a prescription for an individual. And I'm wondering, like going back to here, ideally if you prescribe a medication in here, it would automatically add it here. Right. And then ideally it would then automatically add it into the note. The thing that I am wondering is, so right now the way that we get medication information into the note is a little bit complicated. Right. So it's looking at session context. It is, you know, paying attention to what it did last time. If you put it in the additional notes box that is looping into it.
Lisa Anderson: Right.
Becca Bressler: And so I don't think it makes sense for suddenly our medication engine to strictly rely on this medication box. Right. Because then you would have to manually add the history of all the different medications to this profile. And am I right to assume that like what we're trying to figure out is how do we make sure that the information you're prescribing gets into the note without requiring you to maybe. Or, or is that low lift? If you're like, no, I actually want this section to map onto the medication section and jot psych perfectly. So what I'm going to just make sure I'm doing is everything I want in the chart is going to be in this chart and it's going to be a one to one. Like would that be desirable thing? Because then you actually don't have to copy paste it every single time for me.
Lisa Anderson: Yeah. If there is a way to just, you know, have like the medications from that dose thing and whatever's in there be automatically integrated into the note. That's what I would want. Okay. Because ideally, so like let's say like, you know, I start them on hydroxyzine and then we're going to go ahead and discontinue the hydroxyzine and start them on propranolol, for example. Ideally the jot psych would actually pick that up that we discontinued hydroxyzine on this date because of law reason and because that's normally what we put in there is like when we discontinue it, we have to put a reason of why it was discontinued in the prescription software. In the prescription software, yeah. And then it would say, you know, we started per panelaw. And so right now I'm manually putting that in because sometimes job site doesn't pick up the names of that, so I'm putting that in. That would be great. And I don't really need the inactive medications in the notes, like, every single time. That's not really pertinent at all. And if I need, like, a prior authority, Authorization or something because I have used the documents on y' all section where I'll put in like the notes of like, you know, patient has had, you know, trials of blah meds. Right. A prior authorization letter or something like that. And that works out beautifully.
Becca Bressler: Okay, so, so you don't need like jot psych necessarily to have this in their patient profile. An entire history of medication that's then always transferred over. But if it maintained the list of active medications and the reasoning for the active medications that you were prescribing in dose spot and that was automatically in the note, like that would be totally great and efficient. Okay, and then ideally if you were to discontinue something in dose spot and say why you would want that to be in the note, would you expect it though to be in this medication section though? As like, I mean, by which I mean, I suppose if you were prescribing it in dose spot, it would be listed as active here. Right.
Becca Bressler: Because it's in the profile. And then what you would expect is when you discontinue it in dose spot here, it's now listed as inactive.
Becca Bressler: But it's still in the list of medications.
Lisa Anderson: Yes, because I mean that's important for me to have as far as like for, for prior authorizations for notes. And so that way I can. Because you have to attach, you know, the med list or whatever. So I can just simply go to that and print that out and attach that to a prior auth of all the medication trials that they've tried with me and then I can attach like a previous note of previous medications and different softwares or whatever. But that's, that's very easy for me to have like the inactive ones there and like the start date, the end date, etc.
Becca Bressler: Okay, but as far as like medications that you have not prescribed, you wouldn't necessarily expect them to be in the chart and. But they are, would they be. So when you're doing pre authorization though, is it just for things you've prescribed or can you pull from what other people have prescribed and say look, they've tried this medication with a different provider.
Lisa Anderson: I can pull from that, I just have to have it documented in a note. And so like usually that's from the initial psych eval or I'll do a follow up note, a patient has trialed, you know, X, Y, Z, abc and you know what, they're all inactive or ineffective or whatever and they usually take that. But it is very helpful for the medications that I've prescribed to have that actual list of start dates, stop dates, etc. Because they insurance companies like to see that.
Becca Bressler: Okay, got it. If you were to start like a new E prescription software, which means you have to like migrate the all of that information over would you put that in jot Psych? Like even if it was inactive, you would add it as you would put the start date, the end date, you would list it as inactive. That you would probably. Would you do that in the ehr or is that. Let me think about this.
Lisa Anderson: No, I don't think so. If I transfer, like, I mean, jot Psych already has a lot of the inactive meds anyway, like, already in there in the gel. Yeah. So that's already great. With that, I think I probably wouldn't transfer anything manually over, to be honest. I would just, you know, print out the notes that I have from the. Or download the notes that I have from the current patients. And speaking of which, that would be great for you guys to. I don't know if you have this already or you're planning on it, but to be able to, like, upload, like, records, like, you know, previous records or.
Becca Bressler: Yes, totally.
Becca Bressler: Yeah, we are working on that actually right now, so. But I. And I have to go in one minute. But I guess my last question for you, Lisa, is if you were to like, start a new prescription software like Dosebot, would Would you expect it to already list the previous and active medications of a patient? Like, it's kind of amazing that you can see past medication history or other things that the patient was prescribed by other people in your software. Would you expect if you sign up with a new E prescription software, it would have all of the current and past medication information in it already? Or that's something that would have to be, like, manually added by you.
Lisa Anderson: It'd be nice. Like, the simple practice allows me go to go back for one year of any prescriptions that were actually filled through a pharmacy, which is really cool.
Lisa Anderson: So that would be nice. I do like that because I can see any psychiatric meds that were actually confirmed prescribed by anybody else the past year. So that's nice. They don't make it very friendly to print that out.
Becca Bressler: Yeah, but you wouldn't manually add that if you didn't see it. You're like, you don't need. It's not like an essential thing that you have in your records.
Lisa Anderson: Got it.
Becca Bressler: Okay, Lisa, I could jump. This has been super duper helpful. I really appreciate it. And I might follow over email with a couple additional questions because this is a little complicated. But anyways, this has been so helpful.
Lisa Anderson: Absolutely. Anytime, Becca. Anytime.
Becca Bressler: Talk to you later.
Lisa Anderson: Bye.