Becca Bressler: Hey. There.
Daylin Altiery Chaplin: How are you?
Becca Bressler: Good. How are you doing?
Daylin Altiery Chaplin: Good, good. Sorry, I've been having internet issues.
Becca Bressler: No problem at all. I also just know you must be very busy, so can't hurt to send a little follow.
Daylin Altiery Chaplin: No, no, that was perfect because I was like, let me see if I can reset the internet. But then I totally. Sorry about that.
Becca Bressler: No problem at all. I'm really looking forward to chatting with you. I'm Becca. I'm the product manager at Jot Psych, and I reached out because I noticed that you were using one of our newer features. And I just wanted to get more feedback from you about your experience with it. I'm talking about the audit feature specifically. One thing that could be would be very valuable too is if you wouldn't mind sharing your screen with me. And we can even just walk through how you use it. I'd love to hear more about your workflow. You know, at what point in your. Day are you using it or when you're going through the note? And can you tell me a little bit about yourself? Are you a solo provider or do you work with a group practice?
Daylin Altiery Chaplin: So I'm a 1099 contracted provider within a group, but it's not a very big group and it's very like small. I usually because I don't give myself a break in my schedule. Just see patients back to back to back and kind of use it at the end. Like the audit, well, the note part first kind of address any kind of like things that I need to adjust. And then if like I usually use the audit part just when I'm like questioning like, okay, can this truly be a 99214. On the psychotherapy add-on code to this is it like actually appropriate in that aspect of things. Most of the time when I do it, I'm like correct on the billing. Part. What is it called? What's the word? And sorry, I speak two languages, and sometimes the product or like the audit, like when you get, like, unlimited kind of, like, the audit. So I get, like, only, like, 40 per month or whatnot.
Becca Bressler: So part of the reason I wanted to talk to you is why that is so, like, you know, I want to improve the product. We want to improve the product. We want to make it valuable. And so, like, one of the underlying questions here is, like, where is it not valuable enough? Where it doesn't feel worth adopting. Is it too expensive? Like, you know, we are trying to learn about, like, how to price these things and. And, you know, are not always going to hit it on the mark right away, you know? And so there's just, like, some underlying research. And do you have your own jobs like account, or do you work or the group you work for? Do they pay for your jobs
Daylin Altiery Chaplin: like I pay for my job psych? Okay.
Daylin Altiery Chaplin: So I pay for the, like, the drops. Like, if I added the auditing feature, it would be. Like, starts becoming too expensive kind of a thing, because I think it was like an extra 45 a month from what I saw when I initially.
Becca Bressler: Okay.
Daylin Altiery Chaplin: It's actually 69, so it's even more than that.
Becca Bressler: Okay. So it sounds like you've investigated it before. Like, how much would it cost to add this and then said no to it, but, like, you were initially intrigued because it was offering you value, basically?
Daylin Altiery Chaplin: Yes. Yes, exactly. I mean, it gives a good breakdown in, like, when you're unquestioning. Okay. Is this going to be truly a 99214, or is it going to be, like, a different code, or should I code it as a 99213 kind of a thing? It does give. It's. Like. But for me to pay extra monthly for it, it's going to be too much.
Becca Bressler: Yeah. Can I ask you a question, Daylin? So how when you don't have access to it? After it expires, for instance, I mean, you use jot psych for a long time without it. Do you, would you say you feel like most confident in your notes, though? Like, it's not, it's, it's like a helpful tool, but you're not like, oh, this is actually solving like a stressor I have, which is like wondering what to code. Is it not just that, like that big of a pain point for you?
Daylin Altiery Chaplin: Yeah.
Becca Bressler: Okay. So let's see froze.
Daylin Altiery Chaplin: Issues on my internet today. I don't know. Can you hear me?
Becca Bressler: Oh, sorry. Thanks for having. Yes, I can hear you now.
Daylin Altiery Chaplin: Okay.
Becca Bressler: I think you're saying it was. It's actually not that big of a pain point for you.
Daylin Altiery Chaplin: Correct. Correct. I've been an MP for over 10 years. I've been audited by other, like, bigger companies where they hold audits. And that kind of gave me, like, a really good grasp on. Okay. How to bill appropriately. On daily basis and what, how to build, like, how can I get that at a higher level? Is it going to be a lower level if I don't do anything or I'm not doing very much with this patient kind of a thing?
Becca Bressler: Yeah. Got it. So it's not a big pain because you've already grasped this, like, fairly well. When it catches things when jaw audit catches things on, you're using it, are there, like, themes to what it's catching for you? Like, do you feel like you've learned more about it sounds like you have a good knowledge already, but do you feel like you've learned new things from what it's surfacing? Or, or it's more just an annual checking that you were going to do otherwise?
Daylin Altiery Chaplin: It's more of like, what else I could have added on or how could I, like, maybe a couple of things that didn't align with what I originally thought it would be. But for the most part, it's pretty on point. Like, it just sometimes gives me, like, okay, I can add this code. Like, it gives me just that confidence to add up on and be like, am I sure this is going to be enough in order to get covered by or reimburse from, from the insurance company?
Becca Bressler: Yeah. Do you have experience with clawbacks in audits? Like, what's your, what is. Yeah, I'd be curious to know more about that experience for you.
Daylin Altiery Chaplin: I have, I have not, because it's. All always the ones that I've actually worked with. But.
Becca Bressler: Oh, I lost you again.
Daylin Altiery Chaplin: Can you hear me?
Becca Bressler: Okay. Yes, you're back.
Daylin Altiery Chaplin: Okay. Sorry. Most of the time it was an issue with undercoating where I could have coded higher for the visit than anything else when, like, I would. Sit.
Becca Bressler: Oh, I lost you again.
Daylin Altiery Chaplin: I'm sorry. Let me see if I can.
Becca Bressler: It's possible that turning off your camera might help. I don't know if that's like a myth, but I feel like I've seen people do that before.
Daylin Altiery Chaplin: Okay. All right. Sorry. And I put you on my phone because I figured that would be better.
Becca Bressler: And it's apparent. Yeah. No, I. Yeah, I totally understand.
Daylin Altiery Chaplin: But.
Becca Bressler: So, so, okay, so in the past, it's been more like undercoding. Not so much overcoding.
Daylin Altiery Chaplin: So, I mean, I think it's more of like, oh, I. Agree with everything again. I didn't like. We did a phq9 or something like that. And then, like, if those evaluations are done, technically, I. If I didn't send a script or anything, I would. Would have been like, oh, it's a 99213. But then, like, knowing that if I did evaluate the patient and did do a phq9 or any other screening tool that it could be actually a 99214.
Becca Bressler: Audit, that's something you're getting. That's something you're picking up from jaw audit or you're saying this is something you learned previously.
Daylin Altiery Chaplin: Yeah, this is something I learned previously.
Becca Bressler: Got it. I see what you're saying. Are there with jaw audit, like, for the most part, you're saying the suggestions seem pretty solid. You don't. You're not, like, often seeing things where you're like, nah, that doesn't actually feel right. Or, you know, it may or may not apply depending on if you did a certain. If you did psychotherapy for 16 minutes or more or, you know, I know, like, add-ons sometimes it's time based, sometimes it's complexity. So I know sometimes it doesn't always apply based on the session, but, like, yeah, what's your perception of the quality of the things that are coming back?
Daylin Altiery Chaplin: Like, it's pretty accurate from what I've been seeing and, like, reviewing, which is actually pretty great in that aspect of things. I do, like, I notice, like, sometimes it'll give. Not a goal. Per se for some things, and I'm like, well, it's an assessment portion of the note that could be argued.
Becca Bressler: Like, I'm sorry I lost you, Dalen. Can you just say that one more time? Something about a goal. I think you cut out right before you set goal.
Daylin Altiery Chaplin: Yeah. So I notice, like, on some, like, some notes that I have done that it would, like, say, oh, this isn't a goal, but it's like a problem that the patient is having, and it's more under the assessment part. So I didn't really understand that aspect of things, but it doesn't happen all the time.
Becca Bressler: Do you mean to say the system is basically saying your notes need to have, like, a concrete goal in order to meet payer requirements? And you're saying. No because this is an assessment or.
Daylin Altiery Chaplin: Yes, it's like the assessment, like in the assessment and plan. It's like that. Not a goal. Like, so I have, like. Post-traumatic stress disorder complex presentation trauma related hyper vigilance and nightmares as one of my assessment slash, like, problems. And it says, like, what. What the patient is currently experiencing to qualify for that. And it actually says into the problem that it's not a goal. Which I was, like, confused about.
Becca Bressler: Like, the audit is coming up and saying this is not a goal. I'd be curious to look at it. I know you're on your phone right now. But, yeah, that makes it a little bit tricky.
Daylin Altiery Chaplin: Yeah, but it's. It's funny because, like, under. Oh, well, no. Everything else matches up perfectly fine.
Becca Bressler: Okay.
Daylin Altiery Chaplin: Yeah. Everything else matches up perfectly fine.
Becca Bressler: Do you feel like your audits have been getting better, by which I mean you've been getting less flags because you've been, like, training your template or anything like that.
Daylin Altiery Chaplin: Or. Yeah, I think so.
Becca Bressler: Okay, so it's like. It's almost like it's doing its job and, like, improving your template. So you're actually getting less. There's less things showing up to be addressed. Oh, I might have lost you again.
Daylin Altiery Chaplin: Sorry.
Becca Bressler: See better, though. So maybe the picture is doing something.
Daylin Altiery Chaplin: Yes, I do. I do think that.
Becca Bressler: Okay. Dalen. So. And, like, I. This is so not a sales call, so I just want to make that super clear. I'm like a researcher. And so one of the things I am curious about is pricing. And I am wondering, you know, I know that we're already 150 a month, which is more expensive than other scribes on the market. Is there a price at which you would have looked at jaw audit and been like, oh, this is worth it? Or. Or no, like, that was just not going to happen for you.
Daylin Altiery Chaplin: If it. I mean, yeah, because you guys drop. Well, not you guys. It's not you specifically, but, like, jot psych is one of the most expensive. AI scribes out on the market. I just like how thorough it can be and how easy it is to deal with. Yeah. If. I mean, if the audit, to be honest with you, if the auditing was just included in the 150, I'd be like, all right. No big deal. Or if it was like ten dollars a month more, I would have said, no big deal. But, yeah, it's like, other than that, I don't think it's, like, super, like, because I have the experience with auditing.
Becca Bressler: Yeah.
Daylin Altiery Chaplin: Like, it's not that. Like, too intrigued if, like I said to you, I thought it was 45 extra dollars a month. And I was like, nah, that's fine.
Becca Bressler: And is you're feeling, like, even 20 is, like, too steep for it again. And I totally, like, I'm also evaluating this from the perspective of, like, your experience, right? Like, this is not a huge pain point for you. So how much it's worth to you is, is in part a reflection of that. But, like, 20 still feels like a lot for you, would you say, for this tool?
Daylin Altiery Chaplin: Like an additional 20 a month?
Becca Bressler: Yeah.
Daylin Altiery Chaplin: Yeah, probably.
Becca Bressler: Yeah. Okay.
Daylin Altiery Chaplin: No. I think a new grad would, like, probably enjoy having this, especially if they're not experienced with, like, any of kind of auditing process for, like, dollars seems like more reasonable if, like. But for me, I don't. Like it. I have experience with it, so it's really not that. Like, big of a deal for me.
Becca Bressler: Yeah, that makes a lot of sense. Can you just tell me more about yourself? Like, so your 1099 for a small group, do you. Are you interested in, like, private practice or. Yeah, I just be curious to know more about you as a clinician.
Daylin Altiery Chaplin: So. I kind of just, like, I, like, in my own private practice, probably not.
Becca Bressler: Oh, you. Sorry. Do you also have your own private practice? Is that what you're saying?
Daylin Altiery Chaplin: I don't want to do that.
Becca Bressler: You don't want to do that.
Daylin Altiery Chaplin: You don't. I don't want to do that. But if for somebody who has their own private practice, this would, like, I was trying to actually convince one of my friends to, like, try it out to see if how things worked out. For her. It's like she started using it. I mean, she's pretty experienced in billing purposes as well, but I was like, the fact that there's, like, new features coming out and the fact that there's. You could there. I don't know if it's started yet, but, like, actually sending the search through jot psych.
Becca Bressler: Yeah, yeah, we have jotter. We've launched that product. We're also coming out with telehealth, like, next week, which is really exciting.
Daylin Altiery Chaplin: Oh, that is actually really good. I'm really exciting. Are you guys going to come out with, like, a whole entire system? Where for charting purposes? Like, actually, like, because you're almost there?
Becca Bressler: Well, so. So you can sign your notes in jot psych. Like, it is a. It can be used as a system of record. We hold on to it for seven years. And we also have a billing service that we offer. So we're. We're in the process of building out self-serve building for billing for people who want to do self serve. We have an integration with the clearinghouse and. But we also, at the moment, are offering a billing service for people. So we are doing billing for some clinicians and, like, some small practices. So, yeah, we're. We're there. You know, we didn't start there. So perception is a little bit different as far as if we, you know, and there's certainly things that other ehrs have that we don't have, but we're trying to be intentional about what we actually want. You know, we've not heard from most people that they like patient portals, for instance. So we're trying to reimagine, like, what is a better experience for communicating with a patient then. Yeah. You know? But, yeah. So absolutely, you know, love and appreciate here that you're. You're saying our name out there because we're hoping that more people will use us as a full system of record and practice management software.
Daylin Altiery Chaplin: Yeah. Yeah. Because I was like, I see the, I definitely see the potential. And it actually, like, in that aspect of things. There was something, I think. I think. No, it's. I lost it. Sorry.
Daylin Altiery Chaplin: No, that's okay.
Becca Bressler: Is there any. And. And so as far as what's the EHR that you use, Dalin, for your work?
Daylin Altiery Chaplin: For. Yeah, it's pretty terrible, actually. It's therapy notes. Okay. It's not, like, really geared towards providers. It's geared towards clinicians, which makes it a little bit harder for me. If not, it would be glorious.
Becca Bressler: Can you say more about what. What makes it hard for. For someone like you versus how it's tailored to someone else?
Daylin Altiery Chaplin: So. It's tailored to, like, therapy purposes. Like, it's not so much. For, like, a provider who's, like, prescribing. It has dose spot, which isn't really fully integrated. So we have to put, like, we have to go into dose spot, put their previous medications, allergies, pharmacy, and then we also have to go into therapy notes to actually reput all that information in.
Becca Bressler: It's not added automatic. Right.
Becca Bressler: That's actually something we're still building out. So we also have a dose bot integration. But that's. That's definitely, like, helpful to know.
Daylin Altiery Chaplin: And I work for a residential as well. They have their own system. It's, like, called Benji or whatnot. But they also use dose spot, and there's, like, no integration at all with that. The only thing that I could do that integrates is actually new orders, but it doesn't, like, there's, like, glitches where it's not canceling out orders or it's adding a different order in for refill. Then you have to go back in and actually discontinue the old original order. Even though there's, like, nothing left. So it's kind of, like, strange in that aspect of things.
Becca Bressler: Got it. And those are things that you're having to resolve in dose spot.
Daylin Altiery Chaplin: Like, there's no. There's no way around it. I have to go back into dose spot and actually remove it.
Becca Bressler: Yeah. What is your experience? So. And for you, do you just chalk that up to, like, a dose spot issue? Because this is helpful for me to know this is the integration that. Or this is the partner that we've gone with for prescribing. You know, we've newly rolled it out. We have probably, like 20 or so people using it, and so we're continuing to try and, like, build it out to be more robust, more integrated. But so it'd be helpful to know, like, about your experience with dose bot and kind of typical failure modes, if you will.
Daylin Altiery Chaplin: I feel like this is probably one of the things, like, it doesn't have, like, a true integration with a system, like carrying things over or, like, it duplicating a medication because you're sending in a refill. I don't know if that's. I mean, because Joe spot was therapy notes doesn't even talk to each other. Like, it doesn't bring in any medications that you prescribe. It just completely leaves it out. But Joe spot with Benji will put in will integrate just a new order. But you always have to discontinue the other order so there's not duplicate medications.
Becca Bressler: What do you mean? Like, so you have to do. So on a refill, are you saying if you said on a refill anytime we fill, you have to discontinue that medication before you can refill it.
Daylin Altiery Chaplin: No, I send a refill, and then I have to go back in after the refill is sent to discontinue other old prescription in order to get rid of it so it doesn't come up twice on the mitigation list.
Becca Bressler: Oh, so it's. You don't have issues with the pharmacy, but it's because your system of record, it shows up as twice instead of being like, this is just a refill.
Daylin Altiery Chaplin: We don't need to put a ghost spot doesn't automatically get rid of the old prescription, even though you just hit refill. Yeah. Yeah. It just adds, like, even in do spot, there's, like, two prescriptions there instead of just replacing or saying it's a refill kind of a thing without changing anything.
Becca Bressler: Got it. Got it. That's helpful. Okay, great to know because. Yeah, we have a long way to go at, or there's, like, a lot of potential with what we could do as far as integration goes. You know, dose spot has all of the, you know, it's. It's on the companies like us to build out the Integrations that we can really, like, sync with them. But this is really helpful to know because it's something I certainly want us to be doing more than moving into because I totally understand it's hard to. Yeah, I don't know. And then you have, like, another tab that you're going to. Yes. Slipping back and forth between different screens, and.
Daylin Altiery Chaplin: And then that could just be time consuming in general.
Becca Bressler: Totally. Totally. And, like, what we're trying to do, and especially it's why I'm excited about telehealth is, like, getting to hit record session and join call in one button. You get to just kind of keep it all within your workflow. So, yeah, I totally understand having to step outside of it is. Yeah, it just adds additional friction.
Daylin Altiery Chaplin: Yes. Awesome. Just becomes time consuming more than anything else.
Becca Bressler: Totally. How. Where are you based, Dale?
Daylin Altiery Chaplin: N, in Massachusetts, Massachusetts?
Becca Bressler: What's your patient load like? Like, how many people, how many or how many patients do you see? Would you say a week?
Daylin Altiery Chaplin: I work three days a week for outpatient adult clinic. And I saw. I with a couple of no shows. I saw 21.
Becca Bressler: Okay. For three days. And then the other days you're working with this. You mentioned the residential. The residential gotcha gotcha. Yeah, you're already using two different systems because you're working for two different. Yeah.
Daylin Altiery Chaplin: Yeah. Got it.
Becca Bressler: All notes for those. Yeah. We're generating through John's like.
Daylin Altiery Chaplin: Got it.
Becca Bressler: Awesome. Well, Dylan, thank you so much for your time. We'll shoot you over a gift card today for being so generous with us. And, yeah, would you be open to doing other user interviews in the future? I'd love to, you know, it's. It's nice for me to, like, get to know our users and have people that I go to multiple times. It's just. Yeah, it's great to get to know you and rely on your feedback. Is that something you'd be open to if I reach out in the future?
Daylin Altiery Chaplin: Yeah, absolutely.
Becca Bressler: Awesome. Okay, awesome. Really appreciate it. So, yeah, have a. Have a great Friday.
Daylin Altiery Chaplin: You too. Take it easy. Bye.