Mia Soviero: Hey, how are you? Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: All right. Hey, mia, how's it going?
Mia Soviero: Good. How are you?
Nathan Peereboom: Good. Okay, look, elfin in the room. I'm sorry about how that whole thing happened. I think Adam and I just got out of sync. I think that we're looking at this next week as just like a full restart, wipe the slate clean. And the pact that I'm going to make with you is that I am going to be really direct and honest about how I think things are going throughout the week. So that you feel like you're not in this space where you're lost again and feeling like whiplash, because that's not a fair experience to you. Anyways, I just wanted to get out and say that right off the bat because I know that that's probably what you're thinking, and it's just good to have the conversation about.
Mia Soviero: Yeah. Thank you so much. I appreciate that. That's something I appreciate is clear expectations. I think things just got kind of Lost in Translation there. For a little bit. So, yeah, I like us all to just be on the same page.
Nathan Peereboom: Ok, cool. Love it. Well, why don't we just jump into the vision here and I want to explain. Something that is kind. I mean, you kind of see it in the direction we're going. To big believers. In the use of AI, obviously. The question of how that intersects with the art, taste and craft of marketing and communication. Is very complicated because we don't want to create slop. We think slop is bad. There are certain things that have to get written. And the first draft needs to. Part of what we need to be able to create is automation around a lot of the content that needs to be great, but doesn't have to be particularly original. So I think about this moment where every two days, truly it's every two days, we will release something into the code that changes the product in a real way. So we launched E Prescription, we've got billing, we've got a chrome extension that will drop your note into your ehr. All of these things happen and we basically don't get juice from them because. And everything gets out of joint. Our customer support knowledge base doesn't get updated. We don't have a set of emails we're sending to people. We don't have a call script for our call team. We don't have marketing materials. We don't have all that stuff. And so there is a huge advantage. This is not even a say, like updating a website, things like that. There is a really big advantage in creating a system that updates all that content and then allows someone to essentially know that the entire portfolio of assets is updated and current with the newest content. I think what's good about this exercise for you is that it gives you a chance for a few things. One. I think it's a high insight activity. It's an activity where. Really, if you just kind of connect all the pieces, it's not really going to work. So it's an insight activity. It's an activity where we get to see you functioning as, like, a copy editor at some level, or like an editor. So it's not just a generator role, but an editor role.
Nathan Peereboom: It's a project that requires a lot of agency and a lot of attention to detail. And we want it to go fast. I think that all of that and it also integrates you with the rest of the team, which is something that you would ask. You had said, hey, I want to be more part of the team. I want to understand the products. I want to interact with other people. And I think that this gives you a nice reason for being a part of that. That's kind of how I structured it and how I've been thinking about it. We can use this time for whatever. I mean, you've read the project description.
Nathan Peereboom: What's helpful to you? I view this as your time. You can do whatever you want with me during this time, and I'm game for game for anything.
Mia Soviero: Yeah. So I read through the notion, I watched the video that you linked as, like, a good beginner video to get an idea of why you guys are sort of moving in this direction. And so I think it's an important observation that there's this bottleneck occurring where all the materials need to be coherent. And updated. So I can definitely see the ethos behind this project and sort of streamlining things for the future. And I have a really good idea conceptually, of what this is about and what needs to happen. I think when I first looked at the project, I was really intimidated just by the idea of creating not only as a person who usually uses AI as an assistant sort of to talk to. The idea of getting involved, getting in there with code seemed a little intimidating at first. But I did some research. I spent this morning really kind of like I purchased the cloud subscription. I set up the VS code and the Claude code together. I started playing around with it. And I do have some background in coding, just neuroscientific coding, not necessarily AI engineering coding, but I got to apply that a little bit and sort of play around with things, and so I can see a path. In which how I would do this. So the intimidation factor is gone for me. I think I have a much better understanding now of what the project is about, what we're trying to do, and I have sort of a pathway in my brain of how to do it, and I'm going to do a little more. Research because it did say in the notion to send questions to the different teammates. And I'd love, I think that's a great opportunity to engage with them more. So I'm going to do that. That's sort of my next step. But I guess a question that I have for you. When you're evaluating this project. I know you said this is supposed to be a first draft by Friday. So are you looking for code fluency and technical execution, or is this more seeing how I think about and put together a project like this?
Nathan Peereboom: Great question. I think it is. Unfortunately for you both, I think that there's partly. We do want to see. Oh, the framework is really strong. There's insight in the framework. But I believe you shouldn't really be coding at all. You should, really. I build things all the time in quad code. I don't know a line of code. If you put a gun to my head and you're like, you have to write something in Python that works, I would just be dead on the floor after, like, 30 seconds. So I don't think that the thing that we're measuring is technical or coding fluency or the well writtenness of the code. Doesn't matter. What we are interested in, though, is how adventurous and successful are you in building something that we know from our own experience is like, extremely doable.
Nathan Peereboom: And you can cut a lot of corners, though. So, for example. You may choose. And actually, I think this is. I mean, part of what you have to do is map where the assets sit and what's possible. It might be, for example, that you say, hey. I'm going to get. The system is going to be such that someone updates, someone drops a file or some writing or an audio message into the harness, and I get these six assets immediately. Things that are written are super, super easy, like emails, whatever. Call scripts for the team. The stuff that's challenging is how much integration you want to do.
Nathan Peereboom: So, for example, for our front system, we do customer support in front. I am not sure if there's a great way to update the knowledge base that might be like a rabbit hole you don't want to run down. But what would be great is we would like to see you say, hey, look, I don't know exactly how to get into Front's knowledge base. But I'm okay with. I've created this mock folder structure, and what you're seeing is that every time something gets updated, all the folders get updated. And if this were to sit on a platform where an agent was pulling from that folder in order to answer an email or a chatbot thing or. Whatever the right data would be updated in that folder structure. So you can cut corners, that's totally fine. What I say.
Nathan Peereboom: The other thing. I think that the other thing that. Sorry, Two other things. One. And I think this is going to be interesting for you in particular as a person, is that using AI systems at the end of the day is a study in learning. It's like a study in how do brains work and how do I create a synthetic brain. And so I'm interested in how you're thinking about that. And then the other thing is, it's also like a product manager style workflow too, where I'm curious what you ask the other team members and what they give you. And how you serve their different functions with this tool, because it's not for me. The thing you're building, it's really for the sales team, it's for the marketing team, it's been the product team, it's for the customer support team. Customer, of course, but at the end of the day, it's like an internal thing. I'm curious how insightful you are in picking up what people actually need and making sure your surface area is small enough that you can do it. Well, yeah.
Mia Soviero: Okay. Yeah. I think that gives me a better question about what to ask the team members, because I think something that I need to get a better idea of is what they most need, what they would both benefit, what they would most benefit from with this tool. That's a great thing for me to ask. And, and, and. Discuss with them. Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah.
Mia Soviero: Okay, great. That was really insightful. Thank you.
Nathan Peereboom: Another piece of advice. You can. In the harness, I would create a little folder that's like a rex folder and literally just drop in all the artifacts raw that like, you have, like this, this meeting. Like, you should ask for me to send you the transcript. Drop that in there. Take the memo that I wrote. Drop that. And so just got. Everything. And it's. And the machine is doing all the synthesis work. And that also enables you to ask more. Have longer questions. Tell people to send you, like, an audio file. You should totally play with them. Be like, hey, these are my six questions. The way I want you to answer them is send me a really long, rambling audio file because I'll get all the nuance if you do it. And if you write it, you're going to send the fastest thing, which might not be, actually.
Mia Soviero: Okay? Okay, great. And let's see. Okay. That really helps me sort of narrow things down. I'm thinking about how to organize this. When I start actually building. I guess, like I had other questions. But I think I have a really good idea when it comes to the AI Project of how to proceed. I think my other questions that I had for you were more general. Yeah, okay. I guess so I wanted to get on the same page about expectations regarding whatever work it is that I am doing, whether it's the project or other things. And I know you had mentioned in your in your message that there were a few deliverables that didn't meet the bar. So I just wanted to get an idea of what the bar looks like in concrete terms. You mentioned specifically sharpness and speed, so I want to know, was that an issue with, like, turnaround time and what sharpness means operationally?
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. Okay, so some of this, and this is the hard thing about this job is, like, some of it is just subjective.
Nathan Peereboom: Like, it's not actually, like there's an objective answer. But, like, I'll, you know, I'll just, like, give an example here. Okay, so this is, like, one of the pieces of work that you produced?
Mia Soviero: Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: It's probably technically right. Just at, like, a gut reaction level. It's not something that I would put publicly just because of the different, like, the information hierarchy, the way the different fonts are. Like, I don't like. It just doesn't seem polished to me, like, in a visual way. And that is perhaps wrong. It also might be unfair. Like, I don't even know enough to, like, be able to say, like, exactly why. You know, some of. But. But that's just like, my reaction to this is like, visually, I don't really know where to look. And that makes me feel like. Not good about it.
Mia Soviero: This was actually one of the things that I talked about with Adam, and he and I had gotten on the same page about using Notebook lm, which I think he said Jackson used to create an infographic that is more visual and has, like, more images. And we had both agreed that that would be a good sort of like, pivot for that I can definitely see. Yes. So I can definitely. I totally agree. Yeah. That was just something I. I think something that I benefited from in that discussion was I wasn't 100% clear on whether that was something that was. You guys would be okay with is using something like Notebook lm. To create images and using AI Cause I I know you and specifically Adam and I have discussed at length AI slop and and not wanting to wanting a certain level of. High quality to videos and images that we're putting out. And so I just wanted to make sure. Like, I guess before I had that discussion with that, And I wasn't 100% sure that that was okay, but now I have a better idea of what tools I can use moving forward.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. I don't think this is a tooling thing, though. I do think it's just a taste difference.
Nathan Peereboom: And I'm not even going to say, like, I. There's. Again, there's nothing objective. It's just all, like. It's all vibes. I would. Particularly if you're not using A.I. i think that, like, I would expect this to be. Like, I guess just like, more visually like. Yeah, just, like, it's like a polished thing. And so I don't think that the message here is like, oh, you should have created something imagistically in AI. I think the question really is, okay, if we don't align on, like, visual polish, like, are there other things that Mia's really good at. Because we know your high insight. Like, that's one thing that, like, Adam brought up a bunch of me is he's like, mia gets the product. She's super high insight. I know Jackson has felt that with you, like, when you're working. So even if we're not, like, okay, hey. We wouldn't publicly ship this. You know, the question is, like, are there other, you know, things that, that we could work together on? And I think that this project is the path forward there because we're not trying to change. I'm not trying to give you edits on your visual stuff. I'm not trying to change your, like, visual. Preferences, because I don't know anything. You know? Like, I'm. I'm, like, just a dumb tech guy. Like, I don't know anything about design. And so, so that's. But, but there's always a place for someone who can use AI tooling. It creates systems that allow for, like, you know, things to, like, move in, in interesting ways. So I feel like the takeaway here is like, don't worry, like, we have a different visual preference. Then I think what you create visually, that's totally fine. And, like, this project is a path forward despite that, you know?
Mia Soviero: Gotcha. Yeah. Follow up. To that. So I wanted to know a little bit more about because the role has obviously, like when I first came to you, I mentioned in my initial LinkedIn DM to you that the content marketer position you had open was what I was interested in. Also talked with Adam a little bit about this. So I wanted to discuss it with you as well. So we're on the same page. But that framework and that JD for the content marketer position is sort of what I've been basing my work around, and the scope. Of the work as I understand it. So I know the role has kind of evolved. And with this AI project, things are moving in a more AI heavy evolutionary direction. So I'd love to know if moving forward AI systems are going to be something that would be added to the scope of the job or if this is closer to the content marketing position or if it's drifting into something a little more different.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. I mean, we never think of job roles here.
Mia Soviero: We kind of.
Nathan Peereboom: Because the company just moves so quickly that our minds were like, do we like working with this person? Do we think their high insight, do we trust them? And then. And then the job. I mean, I don't know if you. Here, let me. Let me just. Pull up one. This is literally how we. How we write job descriptions. Here, let me pull up. Like one of our recent offer letters. Yeah. Like, this is how we write offer letters here. And I'm just going to show you this. So the way that we write offer letters is the role is simply to do the most important thing for jots, like to grow and serve customers with integrity, whatever that might be. There's nothing more to any role description here. So, like on your LinkedIn, you could put literally whatever you want. We don't really care at all. It doesn't matter to us. I mean, at some level, unless it's, like, totally fraudulent. But we have to work with people at our stage who are not actually that fixated on the role. And this month it might be like, hey, the content marketing is all internal content marketing. And for that, the best tool happens to be Claude code. And so we need that person to just be like, hey, like, I don't. Even care. Like, you could, like, whether it's writing a newspaper article or making a video or working with cloud code, I don't care. Like, I will do anything to get the job done. That's kind of the attitude that we're, I think, looking for to the point where, like, if I, if the content marketer is, you know, if we're in a role where it's like, hey, we need to go visit a customer because we might lose them if we don't send someone to visit them. And, hey, we can shoot two birds with one stone by having our content marketer go out, do some customer support actually be on the ground that enhances her, you know, sense of the product and the customer. That's, like, that might be part of the content role. There's nothing really off limits in our version of hiring. Which I think some people hate. Like, some people really don't like that. But that's just the way that we need to operate. So I would say don't get too fixated on, like, I forgot, honestly, that you, like, applied for the content. Like, it just is so far from like, what I'm optimizing for in, like, anything else. I'm just like, wait, we like working with Mia. She seems to be great. And, like, we'll figure out, like, a good spot for her, like, if things work out, you know?
Mia Soviero: Yeah, that's definitely valuable insight because I think I had been operating under the assumption that, like, my role and my scope were fixed. And so when the AI project was sent to me, I was like, oh, how does this fit into that framework? So knowing that is very much helpful in terms of how I am approaching and thinking about this. Great.
Nathan Peereboom: That's also the world. Like, every content marketer has to use AI. Like, a content marketer doesn't use AI is going to just get wrecked. Like, it's just going to be so hard for them to, like, survive.
Mia Soviero: Yes. Yeah. Yeah. It's all changing very. Exactly. Okay. Cool that clarifies so much on my end. That was most of the. Those were most of the questions that I had for you. I'm really excited to talk to some team members and dive into building this a little bit more. Let's see. I guess, like, my last question is, and you might not have an answer for me today, I just wanted to see if. Oh, first of all, I almost forgot to ask. Did you? You had mentioned that this would be like sort of the final project. Ok, I just wanted to clarify that and then. If this is the final project, would we be having a discussion about long, longer term after the culmination of this project?
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. So I think we can even set some time on Monday. Sure. To have that conversation.
Mia Soviero: Sure. Yeah, that sounds great.
Nathan Peereboom: All right, let's do Monday at 1:30pm Eastern if it works for you.
Mia Soviero: Let's see. Yep, that should work for me. Okay, great.
Nathan Peereboom: It accepts me and mate. All right. You have a Jack email, right?
Mia Soviero: I do. It's m. Soviro@jotsych.com.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, great. Send. Okay. Just. All right. Okay, I just sent it. Monday the 9th. You will have a go forward.
Mia Soviero: Great. All right. I look forward to it. Awesome. And I have your slack, obviously. So if I have any other questions or anything else comes up while I'm in the process of this project. I mean, we're going to check in on Wednesday, but if I have anything else, I'll let you know.
Nathan Peereboom: My advice to you on this this week is I would check in with me once Tuesday and also once Thursday because, like, yeah, like, we're all cheering for you. And I think that any context or feedback you can get between Wednesday and Friday. Is going to be helpful. So I would just say reach out on Tuesday, reach out on Thursday. And. And that I think will help just any course correction that needs to happen between. Okay.
Mia Soviero: Yeah. You mean just, like, letting you know how things are going and what I've gotten so far.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, like whatever you.
Mia Soviero: Yeah, exactly. Sounds good. All right. I look forward to it.
Nathan Peereboom: All right, last question. Is there anything else that you feel you need as a resource? Any other, like, thing you want to, like, hear from me or understand before you kind of zoom off into this?
Mia Soviero: I think this was really, this answered quite a few of my questions and clarified a lot of things for me. I think the only remaining questions I have are, like, for your teammates, about how I can best optimize this for them.
Mia Soviero: But if I, if I think of something, I'll let you know tomorrow when I check in.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay. Awesome. Yeah. I'm here. And good luck. I'm excited.
Mia Soviero: Yeah. Thank you. All right. Have a great rest of your day.
Nathan Peereboom: All right. See emilia. Thanks.
Mia Soviero: Bye.