Melissa Weisman: Sorry I can't hear you. Can you hear me?
Christopher Hume: I was on mute.
Melissa Weisman: It's Friday.
Christopher Hume: How are you?
Melissa Weisman: I'm okay. How are you? I just got in here. Wives don't why are you not working keyboard?
Christopher Hume: Friday for the keyboard too?
Melissa Weisman: It is third time. They're done. I actually had not planned to even come in. But. They decided I should.
Christopher Hume: Yeah, on a Friday too.
Melissa Weisman: Yeah I mean I'm usually here on Friday but I was hoping I wouldn't.
Christopher Hume: Yeah. Well I think if I remember correctly this was just going to be a check in to see how things were going see if any of your colleagues were sort of interested in any of the billing features or any of the e-prescription features. And then just see if I can support with anything else.
Melissa Weisman: Okay so I think they feel like kind of at this time it would be like two massive of a switch over because if we're looking at doing something like that it's like we might as well be. Moving our. Whole. EHR. Yeah which they're not quite prepared to. To do. Or look at.
Christopher Hume: No that's certainly makes sense where it's kind of a transition and which EHR were you using?
Melissa Weisman: We're on Kipu okay got it.
Emily Kaiser: Hey, Emily thanks for joining. How's it going?
Melissa Weisman: All right how are you?
Emily Kaiser: Good thanks.
Christopher Hume: Well Emily we were just talking about how it doesn't sound like it's the best time right now for Melissa's team if you've sort of a transfer or an EHR transition just I guess is there anything we like can help you with is there any I know or any like support we can offer while kind of we're having all these calls want to make sure your JAT experience is as great as possible or anyone else wants to try the scribe or anything like that just want to make sure we offer
Melissa Weisman: so we have another nurse practitioner. Starting next week and yesterday she came in to kind of like do some. A little bit of orientation stuff. And I got she got to look at. Jot psych and she said she might use the same system I think she already uses some kind of scribe but she did I showed her this one and she said she might want to just use that. Yeah. She'll be back I think next Thursday and then maybe I could talk to her about getting started on
Christopher Hume: job site yeah yeah we'd be happy to kind of do an onboarding and just make sure it's a really good experience for her and if she needs any help template or anything like that
Melissa Weisman: yeah, I showed her like the templates I showed her how the AI like the editor and how you can just save it and you can go back and add things like dictate more and add it. Or sometimes I'm typing in notes while I'm on there while i'm seeing the client yeah because i'm going to you know add some things that are not in our conversation. So she she likes all those features. So. We'll see about getting her. Set off on there like a trial for her.
Christopher Hume: Yeah cool so we'll follow up we don't hear from you we'll follow up Thursday or Friday next week just to see if we can offer any help there understood maybe not the time for a trans transition right now I guess the last question I had for you Melissa is we've added a few times kind of the billing team and I guess you know they probably have conflicts but I was wondering is there any interest at all for were they interested at all with any of the compliance or or features like that because.
Melissa Weisman: They appreciate they appreciated they thought all of that was their great features yeah but I think just the whole. Like switching everything is kind of not on the plate right now while I have you there was one thing I forgot to mention that would be super helpful yeah. When I do a discharge summary so I've noticed there's a place where you can you go down to the bottom and there's the documents. We can print some any kind of document like I've done I've used it to make work letters and return to work that that kind of stuff it's super helpful. I noticed and maybe I couldn't find there's no kind of template for a discharge summary I've used the documents tab button to make a discharge summary but then it doesn't quite I don't see where I can add it to the chart where that would be helpful for me is if it's it stays in that client's chart as a discharge summary and then we I know the clients actually discharged. And because we get we get readmissions yeah so that way like I can go back in that chart I can say this is a new admission and everything and that knows. Like the client was discharged on this day and it saves it all in there does that kind of make sense?
Christopher Hume: Yeah let me check something really quickly here.
Christopher Hume: I just want to I think that should save. Let me I'm just testing it myself to see if we have a bug or something okay.
Melissa Weisman: One second I just don't know how to do that. Sorry i'm trying to get my oh there finally finally my keyboard's working. So let me get that open.
Christopher Hume: Oh my goodness yeah you're so. Let me share my screen. This is a great a great point Melissa so it should when you create a document go down here into patient documents which would make a ton of sense right but there's no save button right now so it's not you can send it you can download it but you can't save it to the chart so I'm going to elevate this to the product team right now
Melissa Weisman: because that would be so helpful because I mean if I can save the work letters on there and I can save everything on there. Because you know what if I have to go back.
Melissa Weisman: And I don't know change it or add another one or I can look back at the old ones and sit because what I've done is I've like saved them because I saw there's no way to save them in there so I've just saved them as a document. Separately but you know it's not in the chart.
Christopher Hume: Yeah too many systems too you don't need key food job and saving things on your computer I understand what yeah as soon as we wrap up our call I'm going to bring the whole product team be like hey what's going on here let's get
Melissa Weisman: this fixed yeah that'd be super helpful.
Christopher Hume: So documents anything else we can help with Melissa?
Christopher Hume: No I don't think so yeah okay well we'll we'll reach out next week to see if we can help your your colleague with their trial and then yeah we'll just check in sometime in the spring summer if it's a better time for e prescription or billing sure you let us know and if not just let us know what else we can do to help and any adjustments you like made okay great awesome thanks Melissa thank you so much have
Emily Kaiser: a good day sorry I was just going to say if if you need any help onboarding for your colleague I'm happy to in the meantime if you have any questions okay thank you we'll reach out have a good day you too.