Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Yeah. Nate's note taker.
Nathan Peereboom: Hey, Brittany. Hi, Albert.
Albert Allick: How are you? Good, thanks.
Nathan Peereboom: Good. It's so nice to meet you. I'm sorry, you guys are in the middle of chatting, so feel free to finish.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Oh, no, I did. I finished.
Nathan Peereboom: All right, great. Hey, Albert, it's so nice to meet you. Brittany, thank you for, you know, making this introduction. Albert, as you know, I'm the. Or you may not know this, but I'm the CEO and co founder of John Psych. We're a technology company. And I think that what Brittany and I were hoping was essentially just to, you know, just to like have a conversation here about your practice, what we do, and you know, really just like, if we can be helpful, great. And if not, you know, there's. There's no pressure here. Obviously there's no pressure, but I thought I would just start out by asking, like, can you just bring me into your world a little bit? I've heard a little bit from Brittany, but, you know, this is our first time meeting.
Albert Allick: Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: Tell me about who you are, what you do, where in the US you are, and then we can go from there.
Albert Allick: So. Actually I was born and raised on a Trenamont Indian reservation in the northern part of central part of North Dakota. I'm biracial, my mom is Native American, my dad is Middle Eastern. So I come from a very rich cultural background of sense of belonging and. But I grew up on the reservation, so I've always thought the need and how would I change like a population? And that was always been my goal and actually have worked after the Red Lake school shooting, which was a reservation that recruited me because when the sec, it was the second largest school shooting after Columbine and the national trauma for children went in there and they didn't understand Indian culture, put all these kids on homebound, which was the worst thing to do because the only thing stable was the school system. So I actually did then worked at Red lake for about 14 years. And actually I was able to implement a cross cultural. A cross cultural program that culturally specific for them. The to make this tribe heal. And just to show you show rate. Initially when I started it was like what, 15%.
Albert Allick: By the time one year it was 76. National average is 60%. By the time every year it was 76 or higher since that time. So I just was able to get people to come in and start getting treatment and did it in a cultural way. So that really gave me success right away in my career. I just knew I was capable of doing this. But I'VE always wanted to.
Nathan Peereboom: I've.
Albert Allick: I think psychiatry actually chose me. I don't think. I don't think I chose it. Just everything in my life that I've had to deal with just brought me closer and closer. So one of the things I think is, like, you know what? I think we're all trying to discover ourselves. And I think I was lucky in discovering myself, was I had to understand psychiatry. So it was an easier gift, you know, then rather than to figure out, okay, this is who I am and now what I want to do. With that, I think, you know, I. One of the things looking at. So my background is really looking at public health. Right. So with ihs and one of the things was, is always that they never really got good quality of care because there was never ever good diagnostic assessment. Nobody looked at. It was always a huge crisis. And if you, I don't know if you understand, like if you look at reservation life and so forth like that, you know, the United States, we're under the Department of Defense. So basically we're prisoners of war. And they didn't even start addressing mental health with Native Americans until about 1980. Prior to that they were doing social work stuff, but not in therapy or even psychologists. It was pretty new for Native Americans. And you have all these years of trauma. And I do a big thing on historical trauma and the impact and so forth of the destruction of natives. And so to me I always thought what was the problem and how do I fix it? And for years I used to drive far to go to school and I would just think about what the problems were and how would I address it. And so that has always been kind of my background. And also too then looking at it, when I worked for IHS for many years, I became efficient and effective. And one of the things is like how do you utilize your resources the best way that you can? And a lot of things I knew that most places did not have psychiatrists or they had one psychiatrist at that. So educating of your primary care staff. So a lot of times my notes were very directed to primary care. Like I know like one of the internal medicine doctors working for Sanford, they said, you know, you're the only psychiatrist that we read note because you're the only one who we understand because I, I keep it in very simple form. But I also believe that there has to be a standard care of like really knowing the system in question. Because I think psychiatrists get really sloppy.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah.
Albert Allick: And you know, and they, they take for granted that, you know, a lot of people don't know what they're talking about. So they don't have to be as thorough as they should be, I think, or they don't make it as simple as they could be. So that kind of like was where I really found that I could be really more efficient. Because now giving quality of care out of advance, like I like to take more time during my initial assessments just because I can do a plan year, five years, the next five years I'll know what I need to do for that patient. If I do a good intake and so forth like that. So I think that's really kind of critical. And I think the other thing is, is I became a yoga instructor and during my career. And. Well, actually, I'm going to take a step back, because I guess you have to understand part of this. So in my second year of medical school, I actually failed boards. And it was the day my dad died before, they used to give boards only on two days in July and September. And so I didn't know what if I not didn't know the material, what was going on. So in this process, I found out I had a learning disability. So I have actually an auditory processing problem in which they said I only have a 3% chance of ever passing boards. And I believed them for a while, and then I got angry. And when I get angry, I. Said I was going to do it. And I passed.
Albert Allick: And, you know, I went through the dilemma of also, too. They said, okay, you've taken boards more than three times, and in some states you're not going to ever get licensed. And I said, but there's still other states I could get licensed in. And actually North Dakota is one of the states that I wish I get licensed in unlicensed.
Nathan Peereboom: You know, I really believe, like.
Albert Allick: Like I said, everything kind of was my destiny and everything will kind of work out for me, and I just know that it will.
Nathan Peereboom: And so.
Albert Allick: But that was a huge struggle for me because, you know, at that time I was dealing with grief, I was dealing with anxiety, you know, and getting through memory so forth like that.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, you have an amazing story. It's. It resonates a lot with me for two reasons. One, my parents lived up in Alaska for a period before I was born. They worked with the Inuit population there. They. They also worked in healthcare. I started this company because my mom and dad just spent a huge amount of time on documentation when really their heart was about serving people, and in particular, native people when they were up there. And my sister has a learning disability as well, so. So much of your story intersects with mine. I'm tempted just to ask you a million questions about how your parents met and what it's like in North Dakota. But I do also. I feel curious about, like, your organization and why you work with Tide Mark. Like, what is the. Because, you know, there's a. And I. My guess is that there's two parts of your brain. There's one part of your brain that wishes it could spend all its time just working with human beings and serving them and connecting with them at a real level. And then there's another part of you that, like, needs this to be sustainable and to grow and has a sort of business owner's mindset. I'm curious about that. Tell me about the interplay of those two characters. And if. If I'm getting those characters right or if there's a third character or something like that,
Albert Allick: that's where I was going with this. So diagnosed with learning disability. Finally struggle to get through school. And in this, I just struggled. Like I was finally doing what I was wanting to do as a psychiatrist, but I just got burnt out after the red light. Compassion, fatigue, Vicarious traumatization. Started yoga, became a yoga instructor. And then that started my whole path of looking at our spiritual guides and so forth. My. My mom. My sister died. Do this December 10th. I bought a convertible. I said, I'm gonna go where because the sun shines. Prior to this. So I had seen this medicine woman. If he said that, I would struggle for 10 years and I would go south to Mexico and come back. Because my animal spirits are the deer and the wolf. And anytime a famine, the wolf will always eat my deer. So I'm always being die and I always get reborn because my third spirit is demonic butterfly. So. So I became a yoga instructor that led me to become the spiritual journey that came on, which I then found out. I'm a medium. What I'm able to do is that. I can connect soul to soul with the patient. And when I connected there, I could connect to all souls. Souls with bodies and souls without. So I've actually been training for this for about the last 10 years. Because if I was you, there's something gifted about me because my last job as php, every time I meet a patient, the patient's going to tell my nurses, how does that guy know me?
Albert Allick: He knows me better than my psychiatrist of 30 years. And I would just get these thoughts and I used to always just say, you know, I just understand pattern of behavior. Like I'd be having conversation. I know I'm connected to them emotionally. And I just get like this thought in my head or vision or picture which really told me where they were stuck. And so with that, why I'm bringing this forth is because I always believe I know where I'm supposed to be, and I always encounter people I need to know, and it's all I have to be is mindful and present and the universe will take care of me. And that's how I flow.
Albert Allick: I think every patient I encounter, I'm going to learn something. Every time I hope they learn something from me. I mean, it's just the slow, slowly development of myself and allowing that to develop as it is supposed to do. And it just evolves, I think, and just being more and more open to that on a different realm.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, yeah.
Albert Allick: And so that's kind of like where I stem from. And so that led me also to the struggle with Western medicine. It's. I never ever fit in. And I always tried. I always tried. And finally this therapist asked me, she says, you know, you know, you don't fit in this, this pool of water. She said, how come you just don't go somewhere else? And immediately I said, because I had to prove that I could survive in it. And that was such. When I heard myself say that, I thought, why? I don't have. I can do what I'm supposed to do. That led me to branch into opening my own practice, which it was scared to, but I mean, it pushed me to. In that direction. And since I've done that, there are many barriers that I've had to overcome, that I have overcome, are overcoming. And I don't know how I did it. It's just. I just put the faith in and realize that this is the gift that I have, and I'm going to utilize it to the best of my ability and go from there.
Nathan Peereboom: Wow. Okay. That's amazing. What, when you started your practice, what was your dream?
Albert Allick: I wanted to bring well one I wanted to provide care for everybody that I can and also the other dream is I wanted it to be more efficient and giving holistic quality care to reach people where they're at on their journey and where they're willing to where they want to foresee where they want to go rather than me try to dictate it you know so I really wanted to be open minded I wanted to do like a whole biopsychosocial formulation rather than just trying to do the psycho psycho like the psychiatry aspect I think you have to really to heal somebody you have to reheal them holistically and you have to meet them where they're on in their journey in the process and that's where I think I just I I guess the best way to I try to be as present I can all the time because if I'm present then I don't know when to walk into the door where I'm supposed to be
Nathan Peereboom: so when you so when you started this practice part of the. What I'm hearing is you want to be able to serve everyone who came into your door. You want to be holistic. So you have a modality preference that was rather than just the narrow med management.
Albert Allick: Right. So I take eastern philosophy, western philosophy and native American culture and I put it all together, the positives of all. That's what I do.
Nathan Peereboom: How many people work with you? Is it just you or is there like a team that you, that you collaborate with? Because you mentioned like primary care doctors, like it sounds like you have some kind of interaction with like, you know, coordination of care with other, with other team members. Like, tell me about what's around you.
Albert Allick: So when, how I got into this was because when I went to work for Red Lake, you know, a lot of things is that everybody else says on reservations we don't have enough people qualified to work. And I think that was really inaccurate. I think we don't utilize our services efficiently. And when I say that is, you know, like we have social workers from the tribal, we have social workers from ihs, we have social workers in the school system, we have social workers in the judicial system. You know, that's a lot of social workers. And what I did was I was, I started meeting on these high risk kids that like why are they failing everything and getting this team together? And I was able to get them to start collaborating rather than saying, well they should have done this and trying to find faults to utilize the services. And that is one thing I think I try, I do the best I know how to bring out the best in somebody I know, see what their gifts are. And I actually try to bring that out and then I feel like you're naturally successful. However, with that being said with my business, I thought I wanted to do that too. I knew that there were people that I knew throughout my career that struggled, were very good at what they did in some things. But not the disadvantage was, is the hard realization of that was that not everybody thinks like me and not everybody wants to be a hard worker. And so it kind of backfired on me, which was a learning experience in of itself. So. So yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: So tell me about how your story intersects with Tide Mark. Where, where does that, where does that story intersect?
Albert Allick: Well, actually I started working. We were with neurostar and we were struggling with a good billing company. And it was Dallas who's part of the team, who's been with me from the beginning.
Albert Allick: She was looking around and through neurostar we somehow got Brittany's name and that's how we started.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, that makes sense.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): The account manager, Christy, with Neurostar, said, hey, you should go with Tidemark. One of our other clinics uses them. They come highly recommended. And so Dallas reached out to me, and then it was kind of, you know, from there, like. And they had a bad billing experience before with the prior company that they were working.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, yeah, totally. Totally. Thanks for that. That context, Brittany, that's the story we hear with a lot of. You know, Brittany's told us that this is sort of a. A pattern in terms of, like, how Tide Mark has. Has grown and become kind of like the actual brand that they are. That, you know, people often get burned by a biller and then they find a biller that really takes care of them. And that's a beautiful thing. That's a really, really cool partnership when you. Well, let me ask about this.
Nathan Peereboom: So, you know, we're a technology company.
Albert Allick: Right.
Nathan Peereboom: Let me tell you a little bit about my story. I have a really strong belief, and this is based on my parents, that. That clinicians can serve the most people with the most amount of brain space and heart space when they are not doing administrative work. And I'm not a clinician. You know, I'm not.
Albert Allick: I agree with that. I totally agree with that. 100.
Nathan Peereboom: Because that's.
Albert Allick: I try to not do administration at all.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. Well, let me. Let me ask you this. Have you ever used an AI scribe? We started out as an AI scribe. That's kind of this. It's a wave that's going through the field right now. What's your relationship with documentation and scribing right now?
Albert Allick: Actually, that just really started for me, and it's saving my life.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. Who do you use for it?
Albert Allick: Freedom Freed.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay. And what do you like about Freed? What do you dislike about Freed? What's your experience been?
Albert Allick: You know, I don't have a lot of experience, but what I like about it, I just. I mean, it's. I could just actually be myself, sit here and have a conversation and be human with this person and without worry. Did I get this or did I get this? Not one of the things with my auditory processing problem, I had to write word for word of what people to get to make sure I was processing the information well. And that took a lot of time. So I'm slow and I got behind the documentation a lot of times, which is weird because I never did when I work for somebody else, just when I work for myself. Do I get behind the documentation?
Albert Allick: Yeah, but I think that's one of the big things. It gives me freedom to know that I'm not worried about missing things. I could just be totally present to that patient.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. Well, let me. I'd love to show you a little bit about our software. And in particular, I want you to understand why we're working with Tide Marketing. Broadly speaking, what Freed does is, you know, Freed is a general AI scribe. They simply record, you know, what happens in an encounter. What's different about jot Psych is that we are focused on writing a note that's aware of the contracts you have with payers. What kind of payers do you work? I assume you work with Medicaid, Medicare. I'm sure. Do you work with commercial payers? It sounds like you do.
Albert Allick: Yeah. Bluegrass Blue shield premiere.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, so let me. Let me tell you kind of where I want this conversation to go, should you know what I want. What I would love is for us to show you some of the benefits of JOT Psych. And if you're interested, I'd love to just give you free access to it and you don't have to use it. It's not going to cost you money. But if you do like it, there's a real opportunity for us to help you and Tidemark actually have really much higher billing fidelity, which can be really, really nice. So what you're looking at is JOT Psych. You know, it works like Freed in that you can, you know, record directly in the application. Also can, you know, you can prescribe through Job Psych. It's a full electronic health record. Should you choose when you get in and you choose, you can choose any kind of template, but when you choose the patient, you can see all their background so that you're prepped for whatever needs to happen about.
Nathan Peereboom: But here's the special thing. So basically when you go into your notes, you're delivered a few things. You're delivered a recommendation. This is the note and how it comes out. You're delivered a recommendation on the code. But then you're also delivered essentially an audit that allows you to see before you submit the claim or before you pass it on the tide mark, what you might be at risk at for if there's an audit. And you can completely customize this so you can go to your rules section, you can add different rules and you can know exactly the things that you want in every note. And we can just grade each note for you so you can see it. So, you know, I won't go through all the other like features because, I mean they're, they're, they're self evident. But there's all sorts of things like I'll just show you one other of the. You probably, you probably have to make a lot of documentation. You work with kids, right? Did I hear that the school system. So, you know, let's say that you wanted an accommodation letter for extra time. You know, what would be an example of a document you might have to write and then send to a school?
Albert Allick: Just basically, patient was seen on this day, they were diagnosed meet criteria for the diagnosis of this illness. And the following are the recommendations of what they, what I would make for them.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay. For what the school should do to accommodate. Okay, so you can see I had typos in there and everything.
Nathan Peereboom: What it's doing is because we're an AI system, it's taking all the data from the patient record and writing an entire, you know, letter essentially for the school, Adam. And you can say this is a template. You can share it. The point is that we are here to, like, turbocharge everything you do clinically and take away anything that requires just administrative, like, term.
Albert Allick: Right.
Albert Allick: So it's pretty amazing. You know, one of the things is, you know, you asked me what. What my goal was. My goal is to bring quality care of service throughout all Indian community.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah.
Albert Allick: And this would be something that I could totally utilize because it would be so consistent. And where there's lack of psychiatrists, it would be really easy to have other support staff, such as even primary care, to know how to do this, I think, within the community.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Well, the. The other thing that this can help with that maybe Nate hasn't shown you yet, is there's CPT code recommendations. So anytime. Like you. You had asked me before, like with Lisa, like, if she was doing any vital checks and things like that that it could help pick up on what it. What are some of the CPT codes that you could be using that you're underutilizing? And then we don't have to do the research on our end in our CBT code books to. And get an answer back to you.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: And Albert, there, There are basically.
Nathan Peereboom: It's such a good point, Brittany. There are like two ways that the job JOT Psych helps here. So one is what Lisa said, which is that you get a more thorough audit on every single note and you have a kind of God's eye view of what's happening in your practice. But the second thing is that it happens instantly. It happens instantly, you know, exactly 10 minutes, 10 seconds after the encounter.
Nathan Peereboom: You have all that data. And a lot of what you're, I'm sure managing is not just the question of, hey, how much do I eventually get paid? But you're also asking the question, hey, how soon can I get paid? Because money that comes in six months is not helpful to you right now if you have to payroll or, you know, so that's. That's why we're partnering with Tide Mark, is because we believe so strongly that you and your practice should get paid the fair amount. And you should get paid as soon as you deliver the care.
Albert Allick: Right? Absolutely.
Nathan Peereboom: Let me. Let me ask this. You know, we have. There are a bunch of different ways to try JOT psych. I mentioned the first one, which is you can just, you know, we can set you up for free.
Nathan Peereboom: Everyone in your practice can use jot psych for two weeks.
Albert Allick: Okay.
Nathan Peereboom: We also have a program. We'll actually fly out to see you and we charge like, I think like 499 just so we don't like, get flown out to like a random place and then find ourselves all alone.
Albert Allick: We.
Nathan Peereboom: This. When we first started the company, we used to like you know, do these, do these trips, like, with no, with no steak fee. And we got burned a few times where we, like, flew out and we're just like, literally in the middle of, like a desert. And, you know, they were like. They just didn't. It wasn't something they'd really taken seriously. So we charge 499 if you want us to come out. But here's the benefit. There are two benefits. One, we'll do a whole training with you. We'll buy lunch. We'll do a whole training so everyone can get the most out of it. But then the second thing, which I think you'd be even more excited about, is. You have a unique practice. You're not like every other, you know, PMHP clinic that's just doing Zoloft and Wellbutrin and shooting. And part of what we believe is that, you know, we're. We're some. We do a lot of software, but we're also a service company. You know, that's. Again, that's why we work with Tidemark. And so what we want to do is we want to customize what happens in job site for you and for your team. We don't want it to be generalized. We want to be something where when you're in your software, you're like, this isn't like three. It's not like just this thing that's made for primary care that I'm using for psychiatric. We want you to feel like jot Psych is built for the particular, you know, breadth of modalities that I want to practice for my own philosophy about how good holistic care happens. And by the way, I never have to worry about the billing and not just not worry about it, but I know that I actually, like, make more when I'm using this. So, you know, just to take your temperature. Is that something you'd be interested in? Is that something that. Again, yes.
Albert Allick: Yes, absolutely.
Albert Allick: Because one of the things is. And this is the thing that I'd be curious is how do you do that and put a humanistic approach to that?
Nathan Peereboom: Right.
Albert Allick: Because I think that that's where, you know, that's one thing that I'm different from any other clinic where I have people that follow me from day one, since I started practicing is. Yeah, I maintain that humanistic part that I don't think most psychiatrists can.
Albert Allick: And it does save me a lot because I do worry about am I maximizing my billing in which I don't have time to ever look at, nor do I know, like, okay, what is the best way to build this? So I don't have that part. So that's where my weaknesses. But I also know that it's important to me to keep that humanistic and not lose the humanistic touch.
Nathan Peereboom: Yes.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: That's how we feel. And that's. Oh, I'm sorry, Brittany.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Yeah, I was gonna say Nate, can you show him, like, an example of what the CPT code like, suggestions are? Because this will also help him a pain point with his staff of knowing exactly when they have to change it on the calendar for him.
Nathan Peereboom: Sure. Yeah, totally. So let's just go into this. So here you can see that you know what's being recommended is a 99213 with a 96127. But you know what's noted is that there's no explicit MDM section or total time noted. So if you wanted to use these codes you can do that. It'll run the RE audit again. But what you feel secure about is that hey, I'm going to write or I'm going to have the AI write an MDM section. That way when I give the bill or when I give the note and the encounter to Brittany and the time mark, the beautiful thing is that they don't have to kick it back to me and then there's a four day or five day cycle. I don't know exactly what the timing is of your cycles but we always hear, hey, if the billing team has to kick it back to the clinician, what you're doing is you're basically saying I'm not going to get paid for maybe another week which is fine but it's not the best. And that's exactly the kind of thing that we're trying to put. Protect y' all from.
Albert Allick: Right.
Nathan Peereboom: So, you know, so that's. That's the. That's the dream here. Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: The other thing that you can do, actually, I won't. I won't get into this unless, you know, it's helpful to you and to Brittany. But, you know, you can do all of your billing through job site. That would be with Tidemark. That wouldn't. Like, we wouldn't.
Nathan Peereboom: You could only do that if, you know, if it was a Tide Mark thing. But. But, you know, there's a whole way that we integrate also the billing and the claims into. Into the note and into your clinical practice. So it's an amazing program. It's really. I'm so proud of it. I love what we've built, which, you know, we scribed for a little over 2.1 million encounters, which is actually crazy to think about. But. But, you know, look, I know you're busy.
Albert Allick: Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: What would. What would be a good next step for you? Because, you know, we'd love to come out.
Albert Allick: We'd love to.
Nathan Peereboom: We'd love to come out there if that's something that you would be interested in, also happy to do that remotely like, what's best for you.
Albert Allick: I would actually probably prefer to. For someone to come out because I. I just. I. You know, the other thing is that I struggled with is because of my learning disability, computers and the way they work. I'm horrible at it.
Albert Allick: Like, I mean, when Telesight came out, it was really hard for me because I had to focus, balance two screens to find information. That's the most difficult thing for me. I think that's what takes a lot of time. Or I get stuck and it's like, then I don't know how to fix it. So. And that's why I have to have this team that. Or somebody here that. Okay. Even, like before my. One of my staff left, they. They made sure I was on this because they said, well, you're gonna have problems. We're. We're not gonna leave you until you make sure you're on this. I mean, that's my background and I. In which I don't really like to do that stuff or I worry too much, like. Exactly. Am I quoting right? Am I doing it as well? You know, I get stressed about stuff like that because I just don't have the time to learn our. You know, I just. Because my. I do what my passion is, and that is just to see patients.
Nathan Peereboom: Great. Well, here, let's do this. We'd love to come out and see you.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, what I'm going to do is I'm going to. We have. We have someone who organizes these. These visits. So what I'll do is I'll connect you with her. Her name's Asia. Okay. You and Asia can find a time together. What would be great, though, is one, I would love to just make sure that you have an account on job site.
Albert Allick: Okay.
Nathan Peereboom: And then two, I want to set up a time for us just to touch base. I can even text you. Do you text? Is texting like an okay?
Albert Allick: I do. It's not my favorite, but I can text, so.
Nathan Peereboom: No, we don't have to. What's your favorite way to communicate? What's best for you?
Albert Allick: Phone.
Nathan Peereboom: Just pick up the phone and call.
Albert Allick: Yeah. Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: Oh, I love that. You know, that is the best. Okay, great. Well, why don't we do this? I'm going to give you a call on your phone. 2. Could I do 2pm on Friday Eastern time? What are you guys in your mountain? Mountain or Central?
Albert Allick: Central.
Nathan Peereboom: Really?
Albert Allick: Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: Oh, my gosh, that's wild. Okay, so does 1pm Central work for you on Friday?
Albert Allick: Yes, Albert.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, and then what is your, what's the best phone number for you?
Albert Allick: 701-55-0193-0193. Yeah. You know what's kind of ironic? They're just going to share this because this is how things work for me. When you were showing me quickly the, the, the, like, the charting and stuff like that, I immediately got it the way that flowed. It just flowed with my, the connection in my head. I just, and I was already like, thinking, okay, I wonder if it does this and does this, but this even, like, showing me that little piece of information, it's the first time that I've actually really thought, okay, that's how I think.
Nathan Peereboom: Really? Why. Can you, can you explain that?
Albert Allick: It was simple. It was direct. It was, you know, it was linear in some ways. And I could just see, like, where I could branch under versus sometimes it takes me forever. Like, even like, I, I, we've done. What did we do?
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): We have.
Albert Allick: We did. I canotes and, you know, simple practice now, I always get lost in it because it just, it doesn't flow. It's like, okay, where do you go? Here and there, you know, And I probably never, ever use it efficiently because it seems complex where, you know, I like just simplicity of the flow. And that really looked like a chart to me. Like I was reading a chart versus trying to use a computer program. That's why I think I liked it.
Nathan Peereboom: Albert, I'm gonna write that up as a quote, and I'm gonna send it to our engineers. It's gonna make their day. It's gonna warm their hearts. That's all engineers dream of.
Nathan Peereboom: I mean, that's really, that's really the dream. I mean, seriously, right now, we believe, even though we're technologists, we are tech guys, but the thing is that we don't want people to spend time with screens. The whole promise of computing at the end of the day is the subtraction of the interaction with the computer. That's the beautiful thing about this moment in history, is that for the first time, we can actually turn back the process. We can go in reverse in terms of how people and machines interact. It's so cool and it's so exciting, and I love that you, I love that you see that. So, okay, so here's what I'm gonna do.
Nathan Peereboom: Just follow ups.
Albert Allick: Okay.
Nathan Peereboom: One, I'm gonna send an email to you and Asia so you guys can find a time for our team to come out and visit you.
Albert Allick: Okay.
Nathan Peereboom: Two, I would love to just get you started on jot psych.
Albert Allick: Okay.
Nathan Peereboom: And what would be helpful is in order for us to schedule that, you know, that trip, we just need to charge your card that 499 just so that we know we're coming out.
Albert Allick: Okay.
Nathan Peereboom: And then. And then what would be great, too, is we'd love to just give your team full and free access until we come out or come out. And the reason we like to do that is because we want your team to be able to dialogue with us. Us about what they like, what they don't like, what they want changed. Because again, big part of that meeting is us dialing in the software. Exactly. For you. And the more context your team has in that regard, really the better for you and the better for us. Okay. Okay. So with that said, is there a time maybe early next week where we could, you know, just have everyone in a room, get everyone started with the software and then, you know, from that point be able to just give. Yeah, again, give everyone free access just until we're ready to roll.
Albert Allick: Sure.
Nathan Peereboom: What time is good for. For all of you?
Albert Allick: We can do noon on the 2nd. We could do like noon at. On the 2nd. So that'd be central time.
Nathan Peereboom: That I think that works. So Noon on the 2nd for you. That's 1:00pm my time.
Albert Allick: Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: Easter. All right, great.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Yeah. And hey, Nate, what are you guys going to need from us? Because they do do tms, so we will need like some custom rules and that. That engine like to be able to help set that up for them.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. So Britney, do you mind just sending over like their pair documents or. Or any templates they have just like. Yeah, Albert, do you mind if Britney sends it over? Okay, great. Okay, so I'm going to say pilot pickup. Awesome. And then Brittany, do you have the ability to send over everyone's email just so you know, everyone can.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Yes.
Nathan Peereboom: Can be on that call. Okay, great. Awesome. And then Albert, do you. We'd love to send you guys lunch to that day. Can we just send you lunch so that you all have something to munch on while you're. While you're talking to us?
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Sure.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, so Albert, can you. How many folks are going to be at that. At that meeting?
Albert Allick: Five. Five.
Nathan Peereboom: Five. Okay, cool. Great. Okay, great.
Nathan Peereboom: And then should we have Erica, who's the best person to send to send that invite?
Albert Allick: Dallas.
Nathan Peereboom: Wow, what a cool name. Dallas. Okay, perfect. Brittany, do you mind connecting me with Dallas?
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Yeah, absolutely.
Nathan Peereboom: Do you mind just sending that over? Okay. Okay, perfect. All right, great. So I'm going to follow up with bunch of emails, but we've got 1pm on the calendar, my time. 12pm Your time on Monday. Albert, I'm going to give you a call at 2pm on Friday. Just like make sure we're running in the same lane. And I'm going to send an email to. Asia, making sure that we can come out and visit you and really, like, learn from you and serve you as best we can. Okay. And also, I just want to say, Brittany, thank you for, you know, making this introduction happen. You know, Albert, we. We think, you know, we. We've seen a lot of billing companies, and there's really. You are in such good hands with Brittany and. And Bill and the whole team over there, and. And it's a privilege to work with them. So. So thank you to. To, you know, all of you for.
Nathan Peereboom: For being great collaborators. So great. We've got some perfect next steps. I think I've got everything on my end. Albert, Brittany, anything else I can do to make this more exciting or easier for you?
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): No, I think everything's clear. Dr.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Alec, you're wanting Lisa, Erica, Dallas, and Katie on the call as well as you.
Albert Allick: Yes.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Okay, perfect.
Nathan Peereboom: Brittany, are you owning that invite? Do you want to just send it out? It sounds like you know exactly who.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Yeah, yeah, I can do that.
Nathan Peereboom: Do you mind? Okay, cool. That'd be awesome. I just don't have their emails. All right, beautiful. Well, also, I'm sorry for calling you, Albert. Dr. Alec, I apologize.
Albert Allick: No, that's fine. You call me. I'll be right.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay. All right, well, listen, take care. Happy Monday.
Nathan Peereboom: Stay safe out there. And thank you for the good work you do.
Albert Allick: Okay, thank you.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): You too.
Nathan Peereboom: All right, take care. Bye. Bye. Bye.