Nathan Peereboom: Hey, Jeanette. How are you?
Jeannette Nauman: Oh, hi. Good.
Jeannette Nauman: How are you?
Nathan Peereboom: Good, good, good. Happy Friday.
Jeannette Nauman: Yay, Tracy.
Nathan Peereboom: Is.
Nathan Peereboom: Is Tracy here?
Jeannette Nauman: Yeah, she should be.
Jeannette Nauman: She was right, getting after me to sign on.
Nathan Peereboom: All right, well, whenever she is here, we can get rocking and rolling. I know you've been doing a lot of traveling, haven't you been?
Jeannette Nauman: Yeah, well, traveling, I. I guess so. Okay. Yeah. She's yapping away. There she is.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Here we are.
Nathan Peereboom: Hey, Tracy. How are you?
Tracey Sanderbeck: Good. Nobody. Oh, there we go. Now I see it.
Nathan Peereboom: There we are. Let's. Let's see a face, right? Hey. It's been a little while. Good to see you.
Tracey Sanderbeck: See you, too. It has been a little while. Yeah. So what's happening?
Nathan Peereboom: Well, we wanted to. Yeah, I just have, like, a list of things. I've got my little, like, panel here. I know that we had a bunch planned. We wanted to come down to see you guys, but I think that trip didn't work out, which is totally fine. Is everyone feeling well? I know that there were some doctors visits in there.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Oh, yeah, fine. She's still up there, though. But usually it's not an issue. She just comes back and forth. But she had a doctor's visit and then issue, and then this now, so she's still up there. She's not even down here yet, so. Oh, wow.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah.
Jeannette Nauman: Okay. Another week probably, and then she'll be down.
Tracey Sanderbeck: So. Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay.
Nathan Peereboom: We don't get good.
Tracey Sanderbeck: All right, good, good.
Nathan Peereboom: Well, look, I wanted to touch base because I know that you guys are kind of interested in what we're doing billing wise. And let me. You know, I think that what would be great to walk away from today with is, well, just, like, a plan forward. Just a sense of, like, what would be good for you, Tracy? What would be exciting for you, Jeanette, Let me start out by asking, have you guys gotten to use jot audit? Is that something that you're using on a regular basis? Do you see that in the. In the right panel of your notes? Are you aware of that?
Tracey Sanderbeck: So jot audit is the one where it tells you, like, it goes through that. Your note? It was. It was. It was for a little while, just doing a whole new note. You could choose between a regular note or a jot audit note. And then now I see that it is, like, when I create a note or when I generate my note, there would be a thing at the bottom that says audit times three, or whatever, and I can click on it and it shows. Is that what you're talking about?
Nathan Peereboom: Yep. Exactly. Yeah.
Tracey Sanderbeck: All right. Yeah, I was using that, but then I think I emailed you that there were some. I was noticing some coding issues. Remember when did I email. I emailed you and I sent you an example and there was. I said, this is clearly a 1 4. And it was telling me that it was a 13 or something. And you do remember. I don't know. That was a little while ago.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. So I think this. Okay, two things. One, we've updated this model so it should be more accurate than when you last looked at it. But the second thing is we want to upload your PAYER contract so that what your, you know, what's in that model is reflective of the fee schedule, the payer contracts, and then the audit checklist that you get from your payer. Were you able to send those to Adam? I think that he was trying to get some of that from you.
Tracey Sanderbeck: I don't think I sent him. I thought what we were maybe. I'm confused because so much has happened. We're trying to. We're also trying to do something within the ehr. I think we talked about it as trying to streamline our process for uploading, you know, for what you call it patient payments.
Nathan Peereboom: That's right.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Issue. We're trying to. We're trying to streamline that and make it an automated thing. So that's what we've really been focusing on. And we're just. We're kind of. That's been taking our attention. But what I thought we were doing and I got stuck on the BAA was I was going to give you access to the EHR, and then you were going to Dr.
Nathan Peereboom: Chrono.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Yes, yes, yes. And I had the. I had the baa. And I think that you had some legal questions about it. And I said, can you tell me what they are? Because I was just using that. I kind of created it by myself, so I wasn't sure. I'm like, tell me what's wrong with it. So I don't, you know, keep using it. And then you said first. And then I think the holidays came and that's where we fell off. So that's kind of. We need to get back on track with this because I think with the holidays and stuff, it's just been a mess.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, great. Yeah. So you have two things from me. One, a BAA and two, an msa. Were you able to look at either of those? And I'll. I'll verify.
Tracey Sanderbeck: I don't think that I did. I don't think. I think I opened it, but I don't think that I. Let me go. And it came right from you. Right the There you are.
Nathan Peereboom: Yep. So I've got. On my side. Let's see. Yeah. So I've. I've got two documents that are open for you right now, both of which are waiting on your signature. One is our BAA and then one is our msa. So we could get.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Yes. Master Services. Okay.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: If we could get these signed, that would be super, super helpful for. For our.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Okay.
Nathan Peereboom: Goodness.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Okay. All right, so I will get to that. Now, this one. Do I need to print this, or is this. One of them is a fillable. I saw the. The bas.
Nathan Peereboom: They should all be fillable. Tracy, can you verify that you see both of these on your side?
Tracey Sanderbeck: Yeah, I do. Hold on one second. Let me. Let me go. To. Can you see what I see? No, I'm. I'm not sharing my screen. I can share my screen. So I. Right now, I was just scrolling through. It's a PDF of the JOT bill msa. And then I see. If I. And I up a little ways, and I see the JOT site baa. Yeah, that's that. I still. And actually, I think I filled this out. Did I actually sign this yet? I just. Maybe I didn't click it. No, No, I didn't. Yeah, that's the one that I see is fillable, but the other one doesn't look fillable. Unless maybe I.
Nathan Peereboom: Which one doesn't look fillable? The msa.
Tracey Sanderbeck: The MSA one. It's. This one shows as a jet site. And then this one looks. You want me to share my screen so you can see.
Nathan Peereboom: Let me share your screen. That'd be super helpful.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Hold on one second. So here we are. And then go down here. And then. Why do. I got it. I don't know how this one works with zoom. Do I just click the whole. All of it? No. Can you see? Sure.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. All of it works. 10 seconds from being under BAA. It's probably fine if we see it.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Okay, so. Oh, window. I'm just gonna do my whole window there.
Nathan Peereboom: Perfect. That's great.
Tracey Sanderbeck: There we go.
Nathan Peereboom: And awesome. Okay, cool. Oh, you have a nice big screen.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Oh, yes, I do. Yes.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, so what I want you to do is at the top, go to search for. No, click out of this for a second. Okay. And then where you put in Nate@jods. Like dot com. Put DocuSign.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Okay. Nate at DocuSign. Or just DocuSign.
Nathan Peereboom: Nope, just DocuSign.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Okay. Okay.
Nathan Peereboom: And then. Okay, great. And then there are the two documents.
Nathan Peereboom: So you can go. Yeah, you can click into both of those.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Okay. All right, very good. Okay. And then I just have to. Oops.
Nathan Peereboom: There you go. Review document.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Document.
Nathan Peereboom: Perfect. Oh, that is good to know. So it is. Yeah. Can you click send new link.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Sending link.
Nathan Peereboom: And then go back to your email. Sorry, they're finicky about this.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Yeah. And then this one.
Nathan Peereboom: And then you're gonna have to do the same thing, probably for that one.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: Say send new link and then research DocuSign there. And the two new links should be right where you want them. Enter.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Hold on a minute, let me refresh. Refresh docusign.
Nathan Peereboom: Fingers crossed. There they are. Amazing. Okay, cool. Let's try that.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Continue. Okay, cool. All right, so this is the Ms. I've never read one of these so this is just saying what scope of services.
Nathan Peereboom: So here's what this says.
Nathan Peereboom: And there's no pressure to do this on the call with me, Tracy. What this basically just says is, like, you're okay with us charging bills to your insurer.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Okay.
Nathan Peereboom: Because this is us processing claims for you, basically. And it just says, like, we're gonna do our best, you're gonna do your best, and we're not, like, taking responsibility for what's in your note, etc. Etc.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Gotcha. Okay. Yeah, let me read that and then I'll do it. I'll do it later. I mean, read through it before I sign it. Okay, so that's good.
Nathan Peereboom: I've got those.
Tracey Sanderbeck: And then. So where were we going?
Nathan Peereboom: Oh, Dr. Chrono sign in. So we would really. One of the things that we do typically is we'll do a. Did we talk about JOT analysis? Do we talk about that?
Tracey Sanderbeck: I think you told me that that would be something that once you had access. And what I have to do is just. And I think I was going to use your name and your email, and then you would get. I put you in there, and then you're going to. Then you have to create a login and all that stuff, and then. Then you would be able to be in there. So that's what I need you. But I needed those things signed before I could do that.
Nathan Peereboom: Yep, exactly.
Nathan Peereboom: And what we typically do. And you don't have to do this. This is what we like to do, though, to kick things off.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Okay.
Nathan Peereboom: Is. Is we. We like to do this analysis where we basically go into Dr. Chrono and we say, what are you earning today? Where is money getting delayed or lost? And what changes can unlock the most impact. What this allows you to do, Tracy, is before you even move over any of your billing to us, you know, before you go through that rigorous. It's a nice taste for. You know, we always say you want two things in a biller. You want someone with a really good system, somebody's really organized, and then two, you want a company that's really high insight that actually, like, is seeing the world the way you see it and is helping make that world, like, decipherable to you. So what I would say is this is a really good first step. It's such a drop in the bucket from a, like, just commitment standpoint, but it does the two things of letting us figure out where we can make a big impact. And it does the other thing of giving you more information about what we're like to work with. Is this something that you'd want to do?
Tracey Sanderbeck: Yeah, so I would. But if you could send me that document, I took a picture of it. But see a small. Can you send me that step one job bill analysis. So I know exactly because this, you know, it's definitely something that I'd be interested in as far as having somebody else look at it and see, you know, what. Where we're, you know, look at our, look at our reports because I'll be honest with you for being such an expensive ehr and everything. The reports are, I think they're. I think they're terrible and they could just, I, I could think they're terrible just because, I don't know, I don't know how to navigate them. And I've even had my father in law who helps out with the, you know, kind of not so much this part, but more of the statistical stuff because that's where his brain helps out with financial stuff. And he's even, I've even, he's even looked at these reports and out of Dr. Chrono and trying to figure out like to generate a report even for Jeanette to, instead of her having to look through each one, generate a report and go, oh, look at this, this claim and this. And, and it's, it's. Unless we're not looking at it, right? It's very difficult. But yes. So yeah, I would love, I think that would be a smart investment just to have somebody that knows what they're doing look at it and go, okay, well, you know, this is a problem. That's a problem. Whatever.
Nathan Peereboom: The thing is that we, you know, it's really, it's challenging, it's super challenging. But it's the exact thing that we're really good at because we're tech guys, you know, we're like, at the end of the day, we're like, you know, we're guys from California, from New York, who are, who are really good at just kind of like wading through like really complicated data. So I would say this, if you want to do this, it's really easy. Like we could, if you sign the BAA right now, which is just a privacy agreement, can give me Dr. Chrono access. And we could, we could get the presentation set up for like next week. Like I could do this in the next few days for you. I could like work on it over the weekend and that way we just move the process forward.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Okay, now I do, I do want to do that and I will read it and I will do it and we can set it up for next week. Let's just say we're going to do, I mean, we are going to do that. I want to do that.
Tracey Sanderbeck: One of the things I wanted to kind of go over and this is from a processes standpoint, we're trying to streamline the process and I got to do it either one way or another. I've either got to do it, you know, through you all, you know what I'm saying? Or my Dr. Chrono. And because it's just, it's a time suck, it's driving us crazy. It's driving me crazy. It's driving everybody crazy and it's just Jeanette and you know we're our focuses are different. I'm kind of overseeing the whole thing. Obviously it's my business and then Jeanette's focus is obviously all of it but the billing and all that stuff and so I don't know which way to go with it. So what I will tell you very quickly what I've been doing what we've been looking at and spending a lot of time on is right now I use Instamed as a point of service I use Instrument with Chase we used to use Square their fees were rather high and then I switched to Instrument. I believe, correct me if I'm wrong, Jeanette I think around 2000 and 23 we switched so that's what we've been going with and that's fine. We keep the credit cards. I think I told you my business model is this we don't have any outside. Outstanding. We don't. We collect at the time of service. We don't bill patients. I've never done it. We've never done it. We don't operate that way. Jeanette figures out. And I'll show you the sheet real quick, since we're on a visual here. This is the sheet she prints out for me or, you know, sends me. Tells you right here. It tells you right here how much they owe. It might say a little something in here. Like, here's a balance, and this is what they owe. I see the patient. If it's a deductible or a coinsurance, I see the patient, and then I know the code and all that stuff. I put the charge in. If it's a. I don't know if you can see, but what.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah.
Tracey Sanderbeck: So if it's a copay or whatever, Jeanette charges it, and we have it in our policies that it can be charged up to 24 hours before their appointment. So Jeanette does that the night before. So she's looking up all of these patients. So I found out that through Dr. Chrono that they still. They don't like to. Because they. They want all the money on their end because they have their own thing. It's a whole thing. But anyway, they still integrate with square. They do not integrate with instamed, which would be too easy. So I never got rid of my square account. So that's what we've been working on with the point being that when Jeanette enters that charge, that it goes right into the patient's chart. Then when the. When the CPT code is entered and the bill. And the bill drops, and then it's paid. It's sitting in a bucket. And then when the. When the insurance issues, patient responsibility is $20. We've collected the $20 at the time of. The time of the appointment. Boom. And electronically. Did you do. And it goes. So it's go. And cut out that. Like, right now I have this girl named Karen, which not really working out, but right now that she looks at. At the computer, and at night, she looks and she sees, okay, $20. This patient paid $20. She's going in the computer. She's manually entering it. Jeanette used to do it. I finally hired somebody to try to take a little bit of that pressure off of her for that. So that's sort of a very quick overview of our process.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. Yeah. Okay.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Is that. I would love to. I would love to cut out Jeanette having to look up every single patient, but whatever.
Tracey Sanderbeck: But I'm also now cutting out that that data entry piece of posting the payments I don't know if I can yeah I don't know
Nathan Peereboom: well just so you know I mean I know that you you've have you used our patient payment system?
Nathan Peereboom: No, I haven't I've not okay so the nice thing about patient payments in jots is you can do it like directly in the note or the patient object so you can just go in charge the patient you can keep cards on file and then you know either charge or send request.
Nathan Peereboom: You can do that in the patient profile too so and you can see like on the patient profile and then also in your patient billing portal everything's there So I mean I don't know if that's useful to you Tracy but it sounds like you just want a single system. That's what I'm hearing I'm hearing like
Tracey Sanderbeck: yeah I would love a single system and I would to love. Love to, like, come over to jot Psych when. When they're, you know, when you do get to the point of being a. Ea. A full ehr. And all that. Because I'd like. But then again, trying to get away from Dr. Chrono when you. And when I've been with them since 2019 and all of that data prescribing. Okay, so you're. You're really moving toward that. So.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, so we're. I mean, I think that we have everything. We already have people moving over to use us as a full ehr. I. I don't know if you're ready for that. We can start with the drop bill analysis and kind of. We can go slow and look, I know your practice is a special case. Like, you guys do things in a certain way. You're. Yeah, I know. I am totally aware. So. So what I think here's. Here's how I feel about it. My view is I want to give you all the information. I want to give you early experiences that give you more data. I want to let you move at your, like, whatever pace is good for you. Tracy, I feel convinced that we've got everything you need, but I think that, you know, this is a process of you just kind of figuring out if that's actually true because you, you know yourself better than anyone else. So on the patient pay thing, for example, okay, tell me what you would need in order to say, hey, I want to try this for like 2 patients. Not move every patient over, but just give this a try for two patients.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Right? I don't. I wouldn't. I wouldn't. I wouldn't need anything. But what I'm. What I'm questioning is what am I gaining on doing that? Because now I have to spend time up front entering all of these patients credit cards, but, you know, collecting them again, a lot of these patients already have their credit cards on file. So then it's. It's a lot of time up front. Same with the square. You know, if I'm going to move in that direction, we're going to have to have the patients put. You know, I'm going to have to have the patient collect it at the time. Because honestly, you can't.
Nathan Peereboom: You can't.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Patients, like, if. If you said, hey, I can send you a thing and you enter your credit card, which is automatic. You can't trust these people. I mean, they'll say, oh, yeah, I'll put it in, and then you never hear from them again. So that's why we get them right. We're, you know, at the time and say call them or text them today. So I don't know what using that system right now would save us in time because it's not going to. Unless when we move to the billing is. Is it going to. Is it going to go right to the patient's account and post?
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, I mean, there's nothing crazy going on with our patient payment thing. It texts the patient with the link.
Nathan Peereboom: It allows you to do a point of sale as well if you want. It allows you could call and type in the numbers by finger.
Nathan Peereboom: So you can do all the normal things that a cash register would do for you. You can do recurring payments. You can do like, like all of that is there. It does send the text to the patient, should you choose you want that. It shows you all the patient payments and their status. But it's pretty bread and butter like the patient payment thing. We're not pretending that it's like rocket science. We're like, we went and we said, what's the. The very best payment processor in the world. And we went to that payment processor stripe and we just literally poured it over. What they have spent billions of dollars verifying is the best way to, like, exchange payment with consumers. We use that platform and that system. And all of the innovation in our software comes in the sophisticated way that we deal with payers. So you can use the patient payment thing. We don't even make any money on it. We take $0 on the payments, you know, to patients, because we're not pretending that we're doing anything special with them. So for that, the value prop is pure simplicity. The real way that we, like, make you money and support you is in the interaction you have with payers. So the patient payment thing, it's purely like, does it work for your workflow? If not, no worries. But we're not trying to, like, we're not trying to sell, you know, a block of ice to an Eskimo here.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Gotcha. So my. So do you understand? I feel like, honestly, I mean, I'm so stressed out about this. I feel like I'm straddling two universes here because I'm trying to get a solution right now. But I'm also. I also have a lot of forethought, you know, foresight in what I want down the line. Like, yes. I mean, I'm happy with this with jot Psych. And I feel like you guys are going in the right direction and I'm comfortable and stuff, and I want to. I want to move in that direction. So do I spend my efforts and my. Because, you know, like I said, it's just Jeanette and myself and getting these credit cards and starting over and all stuff. Do I put that time and effort up front, or do I just, like, say, hey, let's keep doing things the way that we're doing them with the thought that in the future, like, this is the goal, to move everything over to JOT Psych. And then. And that's why I'm kind of doing this up front. I don't know if you've noticed. Well, let me. Let me show you. Well, I don't know if you can see it.
Jeannette Nauman: Tracy, let me bring up one.
Nathan Peereboom: One thought here as you're thinking this through. My guess is that you would be surprised at how receptive patients are for just reentering their credit card information. In doctors offices, nurse practitioner offices, they change payment processor all the time, you know, and so what we know from our experience that patients don't gripe that much about it. They're coming to see you, they know they have to pay.
Nathan Peereboom: You have a policy where, hey, you gotta pay at the door. You know, it's on the patient profile so you can see if they've paid or not.
Nathan Peereboom: And you just, you gotta just ask people to fill in their credit card information. It's. It's not people. People don't. Aren't bothered by that. It's not this huge, overwhelming, like, you know, transition.
Nathan Peereboom: There's no cost to it.
Tracey Sanderbeck: I mean, if you can send a text, like, that's the key right there. What you just said, send a text. None of the systems that we're using can really. We can't really send a text. So we have to either do it while we're seeing them or call them or whatever. But when you're saying something like, oh, you can send a text. Yes. I think that patients won't gripe if you send a text. Now when you tell a patient they have to sign onto the. The portal go to here. Click this.
Nathan Peereboom: No, no, no, no. It's just a text. It's literally just a text.
Nathan Peereboom: So you can put your phone like you put the patient's phone number in. It'll auto populate if it's. If they've already got a patient phone number in here. You put the amount $23, you write what it's for, you send the request, it goes to their phone.
Nathan Peereboom: It's really easy. Try it yourself. I mean, that's what I say. Like, if you want to see how easy it is, just charge yourself $2 on the platform and see how it feels.
Nathan Peereboom: It's dead easy. It's not rocket science to me.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Looks like that would work, but the way that we're having to do this and, like, get their credit card. I mean, we have to call, text them on Spruce. Oh, can you. Can you send the card number? Can you say. But when you're saying, like, send a text message and they can just click a button and enter it and blah, blah, blah. It's easy. But it's so easy. We're using now. Don't allow that. And what I want to show you is this real quick, because I don't know if you've noticed this probably haven't changed. Can you see all these. You see how I moving all of my.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, I can.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Entering all of my patients in here.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Yeah, I've been working on it for, you know, a while. But you see how they're all coming in here, and I've got the dates, I've got their phone numbers, I got their emails.
Nathan Peereboom: Tracy, you know that we do this for you, right?
Jeannette Nauman: You know that this is something.
Nathan Peereboom: We'll transition all your patient data for you. Did you know that?
Nathan Peereboom: No, I shouldn't have told you. Forget it. Put it out of your mind.
Jeannette Nauman: She's been working on this.
Tracey Sanderbeck: I've been working on this for months. Every night, every. Every one of these sheets. I sit down every night, Tracy.
Nathan Peereboom: It's hurting me inside. But look, here's what we're gonna do. Let me. Let me explain kind of why, what. What I feel you. You have so much on your plate.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Yes, I do.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay. You've got an enormous amount on your plate. Our job is. We just want to take that off for you. Like, everything that's involved in making this little transition. Thinking through the patient payments, thinking through the data. Transition. We've thought it all through. We've got a plan. So what we should do is let's set up some time and let us lead. You through it. Let us say, like, hey, here are the things that it takes to move over and like, we have technology to like, do that really easily. Let us like, help you with that because otherwise, if you're trying to do it all on your own, you're not going to get the benefit of us really being who we are, you know?
Tracey Sanderbeck: Okay. Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: So let me, let me do this. I have to, I have to run to a 5:30. Can we just get time on the calendar for next week? And what I want to do for that is I'm going to send you an email later this evening that's basically just saying like, hey, MSA needs to be signed. BAA needs to be signed. I want to do the job bill analysis. So I can tell you exactly, like what. But you can, you can approve that through that email. And then let's just start from square one. Let's say this is what's going on with your practice. This is what we want to change in your billing. These are the things we want to make simpler. And let us kind of come up with a plan for you so that you don't have to reinvent the wheel here. We do this all the time.
Nathan Peereboom: Like, I've done this for 10 different practices this week. Like, we really know how to do this. So let us take that stress away from you.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Okay. And then I think with the fact that you kind of know me and you know from, you know, the beginning I've been with. Well, I haven't been with you from your beginning, but I've been for quite a while. So then, specific to us, knowing what Jeanette has on her plate, knowing what I have on my plate, what can you lift and help with the billing portion of it, Take away from us and. And still respect and honor the way that we practice, the way that we handle 100, the way that I handle my money. Because I don't want to change that. I want to start billing patients. They need to pay their money up front. I. They. I just. Yeah, that I feel strongly about, so.
Nathan Peereboom: Tracy, we feel strongly about it too. There's. There's. That's best for everyone. Totally. Even patients, honestly, patients don't want to get a bill in the mail. They just want to know what they pay and they want to move on. It's. It's very reasonable. You're. You're totally like, in the right here.
Tracey Sanderbeck: All right, so let's. Let's get it on the books. Let's.
Nathan Peereboom: Let's get on the books.
Tracey Sanderbeck: That. What do I. Where are you going to send me a bill or. You have a credit card on file? Oh, do you have a credit file for me? Make sure you got the right one.
Nathan Peereboom: Because it.
Nathan Peereboom: Figure it out. We'll figure it out. We're not that worried about it. We just. It. We'll figure it out later. Let's do 5pm Wednesday. How does that sound?
Tracey Sanderbeck: Wednesday is. I'm sorry. I was gonna say, of all days, Wednesday is the worst because that's my late day. I actually see patients until like 6:40. A Monday would be the easiest for me, but anytime, like around this time, after I finish work, like a five or after. Because I finish it. I finished at 4:40 on Tuesday. Wednesday, Thursday, Friday. I'm sorry. Sorry. Wednesdays, I finish it like seven. So Wednesdays are very. I'm burnt out on Wednesdays.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, let's do Monday at 4, 5 o'. Clock.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Yeah, whenever I. I mean, I'm. Yeah, I'm free All. All of Monday. I mean, as far as, like from noon on. So you tell me what's easiest for you and Jeanette.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Retired. So she can do whatever.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, great. I'm gonna send this to you.
Tracey Sanderbeck: What's the date?
Nathan Peereboom: It's the 23rd.
Tracey Sanderbeck: 23rd.
Nathan Peereboom: And question. If I send you, can you send. If you can look through the BAA and everything and then send me your Dr. Chrono login? I have to do this over the weekend if we're going to meet on a Monday.
Tracey Sanderbeck: I'm going to read through, I'm going on my walk, I'm going to come home, I'm going to read through this stuff, sign it, and send it over to you. Then you should be getting an email from Dr. Chrono to sign it and set.
Nathan Peereboom: Awesome login.
Tracey Sanderbeck: And. And I'll get. I'll get that done. And then that way you can do whatever you need to do there. Okay, but walk first.
Nathan Peereboom: So it'll be go for your walk. Go for your walk. Hey, have a great weekend. And Tracy, Janette, I just want you to know that, like, you guys are a special customer to me. Like, you guys have been. Been with us for a while. Like, I love the way you practice, and we want to make it something where you feel like, yeah, we're not trying to really change how you work. We're just trying to let you practice your clinical care, get paid the way you want to get paid, and we want to take away all the administrative burden and junk that you don't want to handle and anything you want to handle, it's all yours. So if you want to hold it, it's all yours. Okay.
Tracey Sanderbeck: I'm going to. I'm going to put a break on what we're. What we've been working on until I can work through everything with you and see where we are with all of that. So I'm not going to change. I don't. I mean, it's just. Yeah, okay. Sounds good. Thank you. Lovely.
Nathan Peereboom: All right. Hey, thank you so much. Have a great weekend.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Okay, you too. Talk to you later. Bye. Bye.
Nathan Peereboom: All right. Bye.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Bye. Oh, where is. How do I sign off of this thing? I don't even know. See?