Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. Do you want to just walk through each of our signed MSAs and the situation on them? I have an update on John Hensel, but. And Lisa. But. But I can go at the end.
Adam Harrison: Cool. Yeah. I also sent. Jackson sent his Async thing. I sent one as well. So I have. There's like a. Like a. Like a status tracker for each MSA with, like, what the next steps are. So feel free to, like, have a look at that afterwards. All right.
Nathan Peereboom: My. I'm like behind the eight ball here. Let me. I have not looked at anything yet this morning. Okay.
Adam Harrison: Oh, you're good. It's also. There's some, like, hallucination there still. So it.
Adam Harrison: It's kind of like it's not really dialed in yet, but it's at least a step in the right direction. But, yeah, I think overall there are. Overall, like, things are moving in the right direction. I'll give.
Adam Harrison: I'll start with, like, to yesterday, just to bring you up to speed there.
Nathan Peereboom: Great.
Adam Harrison: So Amanda, I spent like three hours on the phone with her.
Nathan Peereboom: Oh, my gosh.
Adam Harrison: Because we would, like, you know, get one thing set up and then she would go on a tangent with, you know, about like, forms or something random. Right.
Nathan Peereboom: Yep.
Adam Harrison: So. But, you know, she is. She is great. I think even though she is definitely has her challenges, she is like a really great person for us to work with.
Adam Harrison: And I think she's going to be super involved in, like, giving us really helpful feedback and stuff. But, yeah, she's gonna be like more of a higher maintenance customer for us relative to someone like, you know, Brittany or something like that who just, like, doesn't want to see us really, you know, much at all. Right. I think Amanda's gonna be, like, very in the weeds.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah.
Adam Harrison: So anyway, what we did with her is we got through a lot of the setup of Steady. So Steady is set up. We are doing. We agreed to do a pilot with her plus, plus two of her providers. So we're doing three providers for these, like, three payers, the three major payers that you discussed with her. I think she has appetite to actually, like, assuming this all goes well, move everything else over pretty quickly. So I think we can be in a position hopefully relatively soon to get everything into job bill. But we're obviously starting with this pilot. She also expressed a preference for keeping, like, her eft, routing the same to her current bank account.
Nathan Peereboom: Yep.
Adam Harrison: Because she, like, had to change it once before and it was like, a big headache. So I think that's fine. We'll just start with her and we can revisit it down the line. Totally patient migration. So that's a to do on my side. You know, we have access to her Valent.
Adam Harrison: Just need to migrate all the insurance information over from all our current patients. One pain point there that we haven't solved is we don't have a way to migrate, like, credit card data over.
Nathan Peereboom: I don't think we ever will. I don't think that credit card. I don't think any company actually can do that.
Adam Harrison: Exactly. So that is just, like, probably something we're going to have to ask her to manually do with her team.
Nathan Peereboom: Just like, oh, does she have the numbers?
Adam Harrison: I think she does for a lot of her patients. Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: Oh, wait, then maybe we can do it. I mean, does she, like, can she actually see the numbers? It's not like, you know, we can't see the numbers that we have in Stripe. Like, it's just. It's totally opaque.
Adam Harrison: Yes. Because we. I talked to Lee about this, and we don't have. It's not part of our current, like, patient migration pool because we don't store the numbers because we use Stripe, so.
Nathan Peereboom: Right, but we. But we could. If someone had a list of, like, a hundred numbers, we could. We could, like, use them. Right? Like, we could have, like.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, we could. I just think that's something like. I think we should just ask her front desk. Like, she has a, like, filler person. I think it's something we can just put on her plate.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, that's fair. That's fair.
Adam Harrison: But agree. We could have someone, like, manually do it from our side. Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: I'm just thinking, like, it's. Is it the kind of thing, though, where. In Amanda's situation, it's totally fine, but any. For other people, I'm just like, oh, is this going to create, like, a little barrier? Because people have asked me and I've always been, like, sort of under the assumption that. That they actually just didn't have the numbers themselves either, and that what they were actually asking was some sort of, like, sideways thing about, like, the patient's experience. I was like, oh, yeah, the patients are going to have to reenter their. They're going to have to basically reswipe their card. But is this the kind of thing where one of us could sit down for an hour and put together a script that just scrapes through her patient. I. I guess like, I'm just trying to figure out like, is this something worth putting at least on our backlog?
Nathan Peereboom: I think it's a backlog thing.
Adam Harrison: Yeah. I don't know if we can export credit card numbers from like Valent or other systems. That feels like something I haven't seen. I also think her credit cards are like, they're in different systems because sometimes she's billing through Valence, sometimes she's billing like with, I don't know, other systems. Like it's kind of scattered in different places. Yeah, yeah, I think it's a backlog item. I don't think it's like a high priority thing at the moment.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, cool.
Adam Harrison: But I agree, yeah, it is a friction point. I just, that was just why I was like mentioning it.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, cool, sorry. We can keep going. It's just I wanted to just notch it as something.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, I might wanna.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, definitely, let's notch it and pay your contract. She's got me like a lot of what I need for like a billing standpoint. So there's like a few more we're missing. Basically the like mega doc payer contracts of like the 50 page PDFs with all the fine print about like, hey, you know, you're in network for PPO but out of network for HMO and blah, blah, blah.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay.
Adam Harrison: But we have everything with like her NPI number, her tax id, her address that she's used for billing, like all of her different providers, their information. So we actually have what we need to like do the billing. But we do want to get all those other docs from her like at this step too. So I'm gonna like push for that, but it's not, it's not a blocker at this point.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, awesome, great. Love it.
Nathan Peereboom: So when, when did you anticipate we would go live with Amanda?
Adam Harrison: Yeah, so I think I'm meeting with her again on Monday. I think we'll be ready to go live sometime next week with her.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, great.
Adam Harrison: And my proposal here is I think I want to bring in Michelle as like a sidecar here for a few reasons. One, it's like now three providers up from just her. And two, I think it can expand pretty quickly but beyond these initial three payers, you know, three, she's on the 8% plan, so we're really doing like everything for her.
Adam Harrison: And four, she is like a very high, you know, kind of maintenance person. And like we need someone every day who is like looking in her jobsake account, doing eligibility checks, doing patient payments, scrubbing claims, submitting things, tracking what gets denied. You know, tracking the eras like. You know, we, we just need someone who's going to be really dedicated to that. And I think, you know, Michelle and I can kind of shepherd her through the setup stuff and then once we get into like a good steady state, you know, place with her, we can figure out like what the, what the system is and then we can bring in some other like biller who will manage that along with likely other accounts, like longer term.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. Hey, what are you imagining that this biller will be doing like on a daily basis? Are they basically just going to be like a double check on jot audit before clicking submit?
Adam Harrison: Yeah, so I think what they need to do, they need to like go.
Adam Harrison: It depends on the plan type. Right. But for the 8%, what they need to do is they need to like look at the calendar for the day, do eligibility checks on everyone, make sure everyone's eligible. If they don't know the patient, if the patient like doesn't come back, they need to call or do a portal check to confirm they're eligible, confirm the CO pay amount 90% of time. It'll work fine. But you know, not always. Then they need to you know, review all the claims from the prior day.
Adam Harrison: I think some of that will be like the JW audit double check. But some of it will be like hey, you know, things just get entered incorrectly, right? Like I'm doing the demos with Britney and Amanda and it's like they forgot to like check that the psychotherapy add on code was correct before they submitted or like what's in the billing part of the claim is, doesn't match what's in the note, you know, etc. So I think there is some manual review that has to happen of the note and the claim. They're gonna have to like make sure we have all the info in the claim especially to start. Right.
Adam Harrison: We're probably going to be missing like patient insurance info or payment information. Right. They're going to have to like work with the clinician to like track that down if we're missing a credit card on file. Right. So they're going to be scrubbing the claims, submitting the claims, doing the payment, patient, excuse me, the patient payments, you know, following up on things there and then you know, that's things that get submitted and then they're going to be like working the claims that come back and that are maybe denied and sometimes you need to like call the payer and like figure out why it was denied and resubmit. Sometimes you have to submit to like secondary insurance because there's like United as your primary, and Medicaid is your secondary, and United will only pay part of it. And then you get a claim back and then it goes back to secondary. So I think the TLDR is like, this is definitely a service. Heavy thing where there are like regular daily tasks that need to be done for each account. And so we definitely need like dedicated resources that are going to be doing these activities like day to day, especially in the early days where you know, you're first getting set up and like not we don't have all the info in jot psych. Right. You can also think about like, you know, hey look, I saw you had this patient and you didn't submit a note. Were they like a no show. Do I bill them? You know the no show feed? Do I not? There's just, there's a lot of like kind of, I mean Michelle calls it like babysitting. Right. Of her clients, the clinicians. Right. And just, just like staying on top of things, making sure everything is like moving through the system well. And it's something that is going to be like happening regularly on a daily basis. Right. So.
Nathan Peereboom: But this is like everything that I'm hearing though is it's like all something that we should be automating. Like the list of all those things. We should be kind of coaching Jackson to be building on the product. Right. I mean eligibility check should be automated. Communicating with the clinicians should be automated. The scrubbing the claim should be automated. Finding like data that's incorrect and keeping it back to the clinician. Automated like identifying that, you know, a psychotherapy add on code is not placed correctly. Like all of that. I just want to make sure that, that we're and you are like logging this in a way where we can go to Jackson and just pick off that low fruit because it sounds free.
Adam Harrison: I think that that is like there is still going to be human oversight required for a while. Just. Yeah, I don't see this as like a fully automated system that we are like close to. To be honest. I think we. There's like, there's just a lot of like nuance that happens. There's so many like exceptions that happen and we need to like get the reps in and have like a human safeguard. And I think there's going to be like clinician by clinician sort of you know, like nuance in how they want to run their practice that I like. I think this is like a much longer term automation opportunity. But I think we need like pretty strong human oversight to start. Start.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, to start for sure.
Adam Harrison: But totally I think that is. I'm aligned on the vision that this should be automated. We start people heavy and we gradually reduce that over time with AI and automation.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. I, I think one thing I'm worried about here is that we, we get too far ourselves from the actual process. You know, like we, we hire someone who is not as thoughtful and is not able to communicate what they're doing and isn't working like it, you know, in the most efficient way and can't kind of see the larger vision and, and so we actually lose the critical data. We need to automate a bunch of this because when I hear this I also don't hear like a lot of. I. Yes, I totally agree that like we're, we're still going to have to have like a human being who like ultimately is kind of owning the outcome here. Yeah, but, but so much of what you're describing, like 95% of what you're describing seems like pretty like low hanging fruit from an engineering standpoint. And like, like I don't want us to get lazy about being like dogged about automating it and or like start to not have the information to be like, yeah, I don't really know what Megan is spending her time on. She seems really busy. She keeps telling us that like it's so much work but like, you know, we can't really pin down what it is. And so all to say that like the, to me it's like the onboarding needs to be like really, really like thorough. You know, like we have to capture all the exceptions and we have to have ways in general just of capturing exceptions and nuance and like there needs to be a good feedback loop. But at the end of the day it's still like a binary rules engine that's grading every note, filling out every claim and submitting it. Right. Like it's like at the end of the day the core engine is just jot audit but with like maybe like a more aggressive permission system and a more aggressive like, like, like communication system. Because that's the thing that Java doesn't really have is it doesn't really like after a note is done, automated like kick back and like you know, text the clinician and be like, hey, we're just like not submitting this even though you signed it. Like there's stuff like that, but that's really, really easy to build. So I just don't want to lose sight of that because.
Adam Harrison: I agree, I agree, I totally agree. I think that is like, that is not the part I am worried about. It's more of like the clinician is, you know, they see a new patient and do they enter the info and job site, you know? Yes, or no, our eligibility check is 90 of the time gonna work, but 10 of the time it's not gonna work. And then, you know, we're gonna have to have someone call and, like, verify. Or maybe we put that on the staff. Right.
Nathan Peereboom: Their own, Yeah.
Adam Harrison: On the clinician. But you know, I think under the 8% plan like we're, we're accountable for that. And yeah, I think, you know what, I guess I would, I think the trade off I'm feeling a little bit is like I agree with you. I want to stay very close to all the details here so we can productize stuff and automate stuff. I think for that to be true we do probably need to limit the number of customers that we're working with at this stage because I can stay close to like you know, a handful of customers. But if we turn on the top of funnel here right now, like I can't stay close to like 10 or 15 customers and that's when we're going to need to bring in like another Michelle who is like 20 hours a week and is you know, more just doing the day to day account stuff because there's gonna be a lot of tactical daily blocking and tackling that has to be done. And I think even with like the current number of MSAs we have, you know, I know not all of them are like live yet. Right. And some of them will, you know, may fall through. But I think that is a little bit of a trade off we should think through of like how much do we want, you know, how soon do we want to open the kind of top of funnel here and start pouring things in? Because I, I do think there is some benefits to treating this as like more of a limited design partner phase and we really stay close to all the details and automate things and work with like a smaller team like me, Michelle and maybe a few others and then do like a broader rollout afterwards once we feel like we have the resourcing model in place and like more clarity around that.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, yeah, I guess that's, you know, that's kind of would be my like perspective on it.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, yeah, I see that trade off. That makes sense. Here's, here's a question. What is Jackson working on right now in, in your understanding?
Adam Harrison: Yeah, right now Jackson is working on, he's doing dual signing for Valcorp. He is doing the revisions to like the claim creation flow and we're doing a, another onboarding with Angie at 6:30 today. So he's going to test that with her during that call based on feedback from the last one earlier in the week. Another thing that came up yesterday after, so I did a demo with Michelle of. Our current version of the claim workflow. One thing that emerged from that is like, we really need to be able to link patient payments to encounters and claims. Right. Right now.
Nathan Peereboom: Every.
Adam Harrison: Right now the patient payments lives in its own silo and we, you know, there's like dates and timestamps, but that's. We need actually like a claim ID that's tied to like a payment, patient payment. So we can look at the waterfall and we can see like, okay, this was what was submitted. This is what the write off was. This is what insurance paid. This is what the patient paid. And without that you're kind of flying blind a little bit. So he's working on building that. That as well.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, gotcha, gotcha, gotcha. What in your mind is like the next thing that would like, like. Yeah, like what's the next thing in your mind that if you could just totally control Jackson's time, you would ask him to go build for you?
Adam Harrison: I think it's, I think it's. Well, there's a lot of things, but I think it's really dialing in the biller user experience. So just for context, right, like the way we're going to handle this is I'm going to create a job site account, get added to Amanda's organization and I am going to like log in as a like biller and, and manage her claims like through that workflow. And I think I just don't know how that's going to go right now. And I think there is more things with like reporting and being able to manage follow up that we need to do. So it's a little bit of like, I don't know for sure yet. I think we need to kind of like it's, it's kind of a journey that we're discovering as we go.
Nathan Peereboom: No, I, Yeah, I think that that's an awesome. That that's sort of what I would expect, to be honest. Like my, my sense is that we're like at the place where the clinician or the owner, the practice, you know, the customer kind of is starting to have like a pretty good experience on their side.
Nathan Peereboom: Yes, we need to do some front end reporting. But like, you know, we've already kind of agreed that this intake thing is going to. It's fine if it's like a little manual. People probably like that at some level. But what's not, what's not good is it feels like there's no scalability for you. Like that's what I'm hearing when I, when I just like when we submit one study claim, and you're like, hey, we need to, like, pump the brakes a little bit. I'm like, oh, we definitely need to just, like, Sort of build Adam's wish list for what would make this, like, hyper. Hyper, Hyper scalable. Like, yes, and in, like, the, like, truly, like, like, dreamy sort of way. Like, what's the exact table that you need in order to, like, just whip through 200 claims, check them off, know everything's green, and then click submit, like n batch. Like, that's the kind of thing that we. That we want to sort of know, we want and build, um, I think as soon as possible. Because you're right with. With three clinicians under Amanda and like, a few. I mean, we've got. I mean, with eight MSAs, it's like, a lot to deal with. So, yeah, I. I'm completely aligned. That's exactly kind of what I was thinking would be the next, like, real step.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, yeah, yeah, that's totally. I totally agree with you there. And I, you know, I put together a wish list for Jackson last week.
Nathan Peereboom: Um. Yeah, yeah, yeah, that's right.
Adam Harrison: And, you know, I think he's worked through some of that. I have to check in kind of on where he is on that more broadly, but that's going to continue to evolve as we, like, get into the weeds here. And so the way I'm kind of looking at it is like, you know, hey, like, Brittany, she's small. She's a small fish, right? She's a solo clinician. She only has, like, a few, you know, maybe like two dozen out at most patients that she's going to do through job bill. I can like, work that myself, and I don't need to, like, Michelle there. Amanda, I think that's sort of like, me and Michelle are like, in, you know, looking daily. Okay, here's what's submitted. Here's her calendar. Here's the patients that are coming in. You know, we're going to do eligibility checks. You know, where are things breaking in our workflow as a like. And how can we, like, automate the work that, like, a Michelle or an Adam would do as, like, the dedicated biller on the account? So, yeah, you know, if we are going to hire billers, you know, we can have one biller that is supporting, like, you know, 100 clinicians as opposed to one biller that's supporting, like, five.
Adam Harrison: Yes, that's exactly what I think we want to get to.
Nathan Peereboom: Totally, totally. Okay, cool. Yes, yes, yes, yes. That's. That's the dream. That is totally the dream. Also, you know, this. This workflow is not just important for us. It's also important because, you know, there. There are going to be clinicians and clinics that want to keep this in house.
Adam Harrison: Yes.
Adam Harrison: And same thing.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. And so we're going to want to make it so that they can do that.
Adam Harrison: Totally, Totally. So I'm, like, super excited. I think Amanda is an awesome. I mean, she's going to be high maintenance. She has so many things she wants, and we're going to have to burst through that a little bit. She went on a rant about her calendar and our scheduling, how it sucks and blah, blah, blah. But I think she will be a really awesome. I kind of want to have her be the tip of the spear. And we kind of. You know, perfect something and then we like flip it to Valcourt, you know. You know, it's like a fast follow with Valcourt.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah.
Adam Harrison: Where like Amanda, Brittany, some of these other ones, Beverly, you know, we sort of are doing a little more of the prototyping, discovery design work. You know, we finalize it and then we're ready to like move it over to Valcourt who is just a little more, you know, I think Jackson is kind of just managing that one a little more cautiously, you know, which, you know, I, I see why we're taking that approach there, but I think Amanda's ready to kind of like jump into the, jump into the flames with us.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, cool. Amazing. Oh, that's exciting. That's really exciting.
Adam Harrison: Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, cool. So let's keep walking through just like the list. Just so we, we're all like on the same page here. So who else, who else is on the post is on our agenda.
Adam Harrison: Yeah. So Beverly is one. I'm meeting with her tomorrow. I have, I got on the phone with her like credentialing people. They said they were going to send me something yesterday. They didn't send me anything. So I gotta follow up again today.
Adam Harrison: But I think for her, you know, she's in a place where she can just start like creating the claims and we'll just process them, you know, when we, when we get to them. I already have her like all set up. There's just a little bit of a hold up on the, the payer doc side. But we can at least just like have her start creating claims. So. So that's what we're doing with her now. So she's like still moving forward. There's just, we're just trying to wrangle these like other credentialing folks. So that's, that's moving forward. Brittany, I need to do, I need to like manually add her patients today. She sent me basically insurance cards, like photos because that's the only way she has them stored. So I'm going to add those. She also wants to do, she wants to add one more payer. We were originally just doing Health link but she wants to add one more. So we need to, we need to like. I need to get, you know, we kind of to start from the first step there, like getting all the paradox, you know, identifying who the patients are.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, loading that. So we have to like do that. But the helping patients will be, you know, kind of moving forward.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, Corbin, she is on the fast track program. She still hasn't sent me payer docs but I'm meeting with her later today. We're going to go through, like, a demo of the JOT bill workflow. So that's partially for Jackson's feedback, but also it's a good touch point for me to. You know, kind of just nudge her on the payer doc stuff.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, let's see. Amanda, we talked about. Stephen is. Yeah, we did call Medicaid. They won't share the info with us. So I need to, like. I need to, like, go back to Stephen again today and say, like, hey, we need. I forget which. There's a few specific Medicaid, like, identifiers I need from him, but Assia will, like, call and follow up again today. But yeah, I'm. I'm like, I'm a little. Yeah, I'm. I'm trying to move Steven forward, but also I'm wondering if, like, at some point we got to just focus on, you know, Amanda and Angela and Beverly and others, because he's. I don't think he's even, you know, I don't know if he's doing, like, if this is just a retroactive cleanup for him or if, like, going forward, he plans to bill independently. So I want to keep moving him forward, but I'm also sort of, like, dedicating probably a little more time to, like, Angela, Amanda, Brittany.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, that makes sense.
Adam Harrison: Others at this point. Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, cool. Is there. Is there, like, a harness that we have where we're holding, like, all the conversations and the documents? Because I think, yes, one of my. Okay, that's awesome. Because one thing I would also ask of you is, like, this intake process. You know, it's super manual right now. It takes a lot of your time with probably, like, want to at some point do, like, pull in, like Lee or something like someone like that, and just be like, hey, for the next month, you're just doing all. You're like the sales engineer who's, like, bringing in. You know, you're doing what Adam has been doing. But the key thing is. Well, the. The idea would be that you could kind of move deeper in the funnel process. Like, you could, you know, just be able to focus on the actual billing. And also we'd ask, you know, we'd say, lee, here are 10 user stories. You're going to go build them, and you're going to have the experience of seeing the benefit because you're going to be the person whose work this is making easier. You know, like, there's. There's some, like, product engineering thing that I feel like can happen here as long as we have, like, a really, really good context for, like, like, tool where we're able to not just track everything, but also, like, hey, you know, look at the last 20 people that Adam onboarded. What is. What is the general best practice for how to do this. It's a three meeting sequence. Here's a talk track for the. You know, for each meeting, here are the things you can't leave with. Here's what happens if someone says they don't have, you know, like, like there's some like version of just synthesizing all of these like very, very, very complex meetings that I would love to do because. Yeah, because I think I would say like after 20 of these, I don't really want you doing them again. I kind of want to be able to. Even if we're productizing it for someone else, a human, like, I just want to make sure we're tracking that. So that's great to hear. We have a harness.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, we have a harness. I'm like tightening the process a little bit every time I think I'm getting clear on like what we can kind of skip and what's actually needed. So I do kind of want to get, I want to get a few that are like end to end completed where it's like we onboard, we're submitting claims, claims are coming back and like things are working. And then I think it'll be ready to hand off to like Lee or productize or, you know. I like how you describe that. Yeah. But I agree totally.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, cool, cool, cool, cool. All that sounds like good progress. Let's see. Anything else on your side or should I give us a tiny update?
Adam Harrison: Hold on, let me look at my message here. I think that is, I think that's it. Yes, yes. Yeah, awesome.
Nathan Peereboom: So I guess the two big things for me is Lisa, I think you saw my message.
Adam Harrison: I kind of captured it completely.
Nathan Peereboom: But she basically is like not moving forward. She has a slew of like EHR requirements. But the biggest one that like I was going through, I was going back and forth with her and the, the showstopper for her was not having self serve analytics. She was just like, I've been down that road before. No way, I'm out. Like, she literally was like, hey, I'm gonna stop you. Like you just said something where I know I'm not gonna move forward. So that was, that was it for her. I would personally like to figure out a good way to, you know, just kind of fix that because it's so easy.
Adam Harrison: So, so, so easy.
Nathan Peereboom: Seems like a no brainer to me. It's just a bandwidth thing with the engineers. I suppose. So.
Adam Harrison: Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: So yeah, that's, that's, I think something that I have kind of, kind of high on my list. And then for, for John, for John Hensel, he is, he's now a jot cred customer. So he sent me all of his documents. So we're going to be submitting for primera. And. And so I'm kicking. I'm going to kick it off kind of today. I'm going to, like, start the process. But. But, yeah, you should think about. John is basically, like, not being part of the billing program for right now.
Adam Harrison: Okay. He's more like a longer play where, hey, we're. You know. Because credentialing can take a while, right?
Nathan Peereboom: Yep. Credentialing can take a while. He's with Triceto. He hates it. And I. He's a little bit of a. He's a mess. I mean, he's like.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, he's a mess. And it's one of those. It's one of those situations where he's like. He's like. Yeah. Like, it's so unreasonable. Like, you know, when I left my practice, like, you know, the. The person who owns it, like, she got really angry with me, and now she's, like, suing me. She's trying to take away my license. And there's, like, part of me, like. And I don't. I'm just like, who knows? But it's never a good sign when the person that you work for for a few years is trying to destroy you in the aftermath. Like, I think usually that means that there's, if nothing else, a very strong inability to communicate correctly, you know? Yeah. I don't know. I mean, it's. Of course it's possible to make judgment.
Adam Harrison: Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. But. But I did have this sense of, like, okay, you're like, a little bit of a loose cannon.
Adam Harrison: Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: So. So we're just gonna. I think credentialing is awesome. It's because we have to figure out how to do it. I really am stoked to actually crack that product. Like, I think it's interesting. It's something that we don't need the engineers for, which always is great.
Adam Harrison: Yes.
Nathan Peereboom: So. So that's what I'm going to be working on. The other thing is. Nope. Actually, that's it. That's it. I'm just sort of asking Chris to, like, ramp up the sales funnel because this stuff takes so long to do, you know, just to get people under MSA and all that jazz. One thing that we should probably improve, process wise, is we probably should have, like, an async way for people to know what we need, slash. Also to give it to us.
Adam Harrison: Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: Just to take some of the challenge off of your plate. I don't know if there's, like. I don't know if there's a way to, like, create, like, a really bad, dumb little, like, side site where, like, people can upload documents and we screen them and then tell them how far they are in terms of, like, you know, finishing their onboarding or something like that. But I feel like there might be a creative, like, heap product that that does that, that I would like to maybe finagle just as we.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, yeah, I think that that could be good. Right, like. Every single day there's like a little reminder, like we said, a text reminder system. And it's just like, hey, you're 10 of the way through signing up for JOT. Psych. Remember, if you get up, if you get this form finished in the next one week, you get a thousand dollars, you know, and they're just like, there's just this pitter patter that like keeps them on track.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, I think also like, we could do a lot of the things we're doing manually with like the steady setup where, you know, they have to go to steady.com, they have to like create an account, there's MFA, and then they have to send us an API key. Like if we made a really good video and put it on that site, they could, they could probably do it themselves.
Nathan Peereboom: Totally.
Adam Harrison: Right now it's like we're just kind of walking them through it because, you know, it's, you know, our customers, they're like, it's. They don't want to do the Google Authenticator. And you know, I'm like, oh, you know, you open Google Authenticator and there's like a button in the bottom right and you scan the QR code.
Adam Harrison: You know, it's like that sort of stuff. But if we had a really thorough video, I think people, people would be able to, to do that. So maybe. Yeah, that's something. You know, it's like a ten step program and one of them is like uploading these docs, another one is setting up steady and we have like a video for each step. So I totally think we could systematize that.
Nathan Peereboom: Hey, you know what we should do? We should maybe give this to Daria as like her next project.
Adam Harrison: Interesting. Well, yeah, let's talk a little more about Daria too.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, cool. Yeah, I don't think we have anything else on this. This is a good time to talk about Daria.
Adam Harrison: So I think I haven't looked at her deliverable. Have you looked at the file?
Nathan Peereboom: No, it's on my list. I have to kind of graze through it.
Adam Harrison: Okay. I think I need to do the same. But I think where I am like kind of netting out a little bit more, like at a more meta level is.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, I would rather have like. I was kind of thinking about like Aryan and Chris and I sort of feel like, Ari, I would rather have like, if someone was going to build the marketing harness to like do our creative, I'd rather have it be. I'd rather like scale up Aryan's hours as opposed to like bring in a new person who doesn't strike me as being, like, quite as strong, you know, and then have to, like, get her contexted and then have her, like, be part time. Like, I would kind of rather just scale up Arjen and have him be like a go to market associate, you know, who is going to be doing a bunch of cool automation on both the sales and marketing side of things.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, so that, that was like kind of my headline reaction. I think, you know, it the. I, I worry about like adding too many folks that are sort of on a contract low hourly basis.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah.
Adam Harrison: With regards to like the management burden that that kind of creates, I would almost rather have fewer people who are like highly contexted, highly capable and like more deeply involved. So that's my sort of like meta takeaway, I guess is, you know, maybe her deliverable is amazing and you know, we should go through it. But overall I'm just like wasn't, I wasn't like blown away with how she engaged over the last week and I sort of would rather like pull in Aryan and ramp up his hours and have like fewer kind of people to, to kind of like manage on just like an ongoing basis.
Nathan Peereboom: Can you. I, I really didn't get a lot of exposure to Daria like in both the meetings we were in with her. I was working on other stuff. And then yesterday I literally had to like take a call and like walk outside the house and like thing running while I was, or left the video running while I was outside. Can you disaggregate what didn't work for you about her?
Adam Harrison: I think it, it's, it was mostly like a communication style thing kind of. It's, it's exactly what you described and kind of what you picked up and yeah, substance to word ratio. Right. I guess that that's kind of like what kind of unstructured and filling the space. And that was like a little bit challenging for me. I think in terms of the harness, I think that was actually relatively better. But I think, you know, the feedback I gave like Friday last week was like, hey, I really want to focus on, on leveraging the data within the meta ecosystem and getting like really tuning that in and knowing like how our experiments are performing and what we should be doing next based on that. And then a lot of like what she came back with was like, oh well, Google trends are showing us this, you know, which was interesting, but I think kind of, ah, it wasn't wrong. It was just like sort of a different direction than what I suggested. Some of the recommendations were like, hey, we should be targeting therapists and psychologists, which I think is certainly like a rationale. Conclusion to come to as like an outside contractor with like a week of experience.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, it's.
Adam Harrison: It just kind of. I think there is a lot of like context building and investment that we would need to like do with her to like keep her on the right path and like help her understand what the product actually is and does where. You know, I almost feel like it might. It's just like a time investment I'm not sure that we want to make for someone who's going to be like part time and you know, I could in that time maybe like build an MVP of a harness that's gonna right, like kind of do the job itself. So yeah, those were like my broader concerns. It's more, it's. I have less of an issue with Daria, I think, and more a structural question of like how much we want to live into like how much we want to lean into like part time contract versus more like more full time people. Because I just think there is a upfront investment we have to make and I, you know, I just want to make sure we're like intentional about where we do that, I guess. But I like her. I think she just didn't like. Her communication style was just like a little challenging for me.
Nathan Peereboom: I think that my opinion has changed a little bit, like hearing you talk about this, which is to say I actually don't think it's a communication style. I think I thought it was a communication thing because I don't like how she communicates. But you're right, there were some real gaps there. Like the whole Google trends thing, there was like, it was a little like shallow and thin. Like just the idea of like there's a hook and an audience and like there's nothing else. She didn't really do a good job of like frameworking like what actually is in an ad.
Nathan Peereboom: And if you're saying that she was unresponsive to your coaching. Because the, the question with Daria to me is one singularly of coachability. Because I think she's probably smart. You know, she's like at Harvard, she's done a lot and sometimes there's a premium in certain environments for like that version of like extroversion. So I could get around the communication problem if I felt like A, she was like substantively like, you know, if you cut all the fat out, like there was good stuff there or B, if she was really, really responsive to you. But it's what we're kind of coming to is that neither of those are true. I think that, I think it's like, to me, it's no longer just, like, a communication issue, and then I think I'm probably out, so.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, I, I kind of agree with you there. I think she was like, what I struggled with most was, like, at the end of this exercise, I don't feel like I have any new insight as to, like, what I should actually change in how I'm operating. Like, I think she viewed the task as more of like, build this tool, which I think she did a decent job with. And maybe she went a little bit, you know, she didn't follow exactly what I was looking for and went a little in like, the Google world, which, which is fine, you know, but what I didn't get was like, the insight of, like, here's like, you guys are massively making a huge mistake on audience targeting or messaging. And so, yeah, I just.
Nathan Peereboom: And we do think she had that data. I just want to make sure that she actually had the context for that. Like, she had that data.
Adam Harrison: She did, yeah. Because I sent her like, a massive CSV with like, every campaign with, like, audience. And then I also gave her, like, analyst access to our meta account that came on Monday. So. So, yeah, I think she was able to build the tool, but she wasn't able to actually produce any insights of, like, these. This is like, the one or two things you should really be doing differently. And so that was like, that was like, a little frustrating for me, I think.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. Damn. Okay. Yep, I, I think that that's right.
Adam Harrison: I'll review the grain again. I'll go through her deliverable. But I'm, like, kind of leaning no at the moment.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, cool. Yeah, I'm also leaning no though. The, the, the, the thing is that there's so low risk in us taking, like, one more, like, doing one more experiment with her. Like, I wonder. And again, if our question is coachability, I do wonder if we're like, hey, here are the three problems we didn't get to. Good insights. You're kind of a space filler. Like, verbally and like, we just actually, like, need something that, like, continuously produces that and like, we don't really feel like we got there. Like, I wonder if we give her that feedback and throw her at this, like, onboarding machine thing, because I just feel like we need machine builders. Like, I think I'm so convinced that the alpha of having someone who's just like, liberal artsy but willing to jump into building a machine is so valuable that I feel like I'm willing to trade off some of the normal things that, that are problems with people. Or like, you know, like, I think I'm willing to. I think I'm willing to, like, give someone another chance if it's not a full hire versus not full hire question. So I think I'm bearish on her. But I also, like, because I wasn't involved and because I just don't know the context she had and because it is just like a hard thing to walk in and like, build something, it might be to our advantage to just throw like one more experiment at her and see how she responds.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, I think that makes sense. Maybe like a few questions. What is her, like, situation? Like, is our. What's our kind of best case outcome here? Is it like she's a student and we get like 10 hours a week? Is it like, she is finishing this year and we could.
Nathan Peereboom: She's finishing this year? Yeah, it's that. So she's finishing this year. So there's this potential where, you know, if. If it does turn out that she's, you know, if it does turn out that we can work with her, then, you know, we could kind of grow her context for a little while and then pull her for full time.
Adam Harrison: Mm.
Nathan Peereboom: So. So yeah.
Adam Harrison: And then the other thing is, like, I guess I want. If we were to do a second experiment, I would want to do it in a way that really limits the. I mean, that's going to sound kind of. I don't mean to sound like a dick about it, but I want to limit the amount of time that I'm like, investing as part of that second phase of work. So I don't want to like, sit with her and explain, like, this is how RCM works and this is steady and this is the clearinghouse we use and this is how it all connects to job site. Like, I think there's like a lot of, you know, I. I think I would more take the approach of like, hey, here's like, you know, five grain videos. Here's like the SOP that I like, follow in terms of a checklist, you know, put together like a web page that would include like, I don't know, we can scope out what it looks like, but I kind of want to see if she. I think important for like, folks like this, especially if they're going to start more, you know, part time, is like, can they operate with a high degree of independence and like, sort of do their own independent ramp up and sort of like learn based on grain or documents or other like, async things, but still deliver, like, at a high quality? Level, you know, with obviously pulling me in for, like, questions as needed, but not with me kind of, like, holding her hand every step of the way, if that makes sense.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, I mean, I think one of my pieces of feedback to you in general, Adam, is that I think you got to be, like, way more defensive about stuff like that. Like, I think the instinct you're having with Daria is an instinct you should have with pretty much everything and everyone, you know, even with me, like, right now, like, I'm like, if this meeting is not helpful to you, you should just be like, nate, I gotta get back to, like, doing the thing, because right now, I'm, like, literally waiting for Asi at my apartment, and I'm vacuuming so I can talk to you forever. And so. So I think that in general, you should. Yeah, I think that you should just, like, feel the freedom, the agency and the support of me, at least in just being like, hey, this isn't a good use of my time, and I need to move on. Certainly with Daria, but, like, that's a global thing that I. I mean, when I heard that you were. I've been in the situation with Amanda, too. Trust me. Like, I. You know, I've been on many, many calls with Amanda, and with Amanda, it's just like, you gotta sort of almost take this bizarre, like, alpha position of, like, hey, Amanda, I've got a hard stop at the top of the hour. I got four things I need to get through. Can we just get through the four things fast? And then whatever time we have left, that's, like, we can hang out. Because she will just, like, talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and.
Adam Harrison: Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: You know, so I think that that's something I would just say to you, like, explore that on your side, because I think that even with Daria, like, I'm kind of surprised that in my mind, you shouldn't. Like, it shouldn't have been something where you took that much time or that you spent that much time with it, you know, it wasn't that much time.
Adam Harrison: No, no. To be. To be honest.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah.
Adam Harrison: So. Okay.
Adam Harrison: Okay, that's good.
Nathan Peereboom: So, okay, wait. Let's just talk next steps, and then, like, actually, let's. Let's move on, because I know we both do have, like, a super busy day, so.
Nathan Peereboom: Yep, I am. Let me take on the Daria thing for right now. I. I think. I think that I have enough feedback for her, and I think I have enough context to sort of guide her through the next project.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, so let me take Daria and let me also take the building of, like, this onboarding tool that's like a fun little machine project for me today. Can you git expose the harness you have for onboarding? Do you know what I mean by git expose?
Adam Harrison: I just have this, like, local on my.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Just be like. Go to Claude and just be like, hey, I need to push this up to git so that Nate can see it.
Adam Harrison: Okay.
Nathan Peereboom: And then what I'll do is, like, I'll just pull it, but. But git is the way that we stay in sync on the harnesses.
Adam Harrison: Okay. It's. The harness is still kind of. It's a little rough still, but I'll just share what I have.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay. Do you. I mean, I can also push this back a few hours if you want to, like, do cleanup on it.
Adam Harrison: Yeah. I'll send it to you, like, this afternoon if that works. Maybe I can, like, make it a little better between now and then.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, cool. Here's one. Okay, great. Yeah, yeah. And then we should do a little bit of a. You, Chris, and I should circle the wagons and do a little bit of a, like, what's working and what's not in our harnesses, because we're all building harnesses right now, and I think this is the skill set for the next, like, three to six months is, like, figuring out, like, how do we get really, really good with this particular type of tool? So it'd be, like, kind of good to have some time there. Okay. Adam, anything that you need from me that we haven't talked about?
Adam Harrison: Nope. I think this is all super helpful, so I am. Yeah, I think this is great.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, Sweet. All right, awesome. Hey, thanks a million. I will catch you later. Okay.
Adam Harrison: All right, talk soon. Thank you, Nate.
Nathan Peereboom: All right, bye.
Adam Harrison: Bye.