Adam Harrison: Sorry I'm a few minutes late.
brittni roldan: That's okay. I'm doing good.
Adam Harrison: Awesome. I think you spoke with Nate this morning, so pretty, pretty quick you're busy with us today.
brittni roldan: Yes. Quick turnaround, huh?
Adam Harrison: Yeah, very quick. But yeah. Great to meet you. Where are you based out of?
brittni roldan: I am in Mount Vernon, Illinois. So the southern part of Illinois.
Adam Harrison: Awesome, awesome. How has it been? Like brutally cold over there. I'm in New York. It's been pretty rough. Are you in a similar situation?
brittni roldan: Not right now. Today it's literally 70 degrees. It's beautiful.
Adam Harrison: It's 70. Oh, my gosh.
brittni roldan: Truly. Yeah, it's like bright and sunny outside. It's crazy.
Adam Harrison: Oh, my goodness. Wow. That is. I am jealous. I'll just say that.
brittni roldan: Yeah. Well, three weeks ago we got a foot of snow, which like never happens here, and it was brutally cold. So we. We did actually have some winter this year, which is a little unusual for us.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, yeah, that is. Yeah, it's been an interesting year, I feel like, for weather wise. Yeah. Well, well, cool. Well, super excited to be having this conversation. Nate shared a little bit of background with me already, so I have like a lot of the context, but I would love to maybe. Yeah, maybe start out with just kind of like introductions, if that works for you. So. So yeah, Nate, priority shared. But my name's Adam. I am kind of like, yeah, I'll be like your main point of contact from all things billing related. And yeah, I can, you know, I'll be the person who's kind of getting you set up, getting things running, you know, sharing report outs on how things are going once things are up and running. So yeah, you'll probably be hearing from me quite a bit. So, so very excited to kind of be kicking off here. But yeah, I would love to hear more about you, your practice, kind of what you're looking for, you know, all the, like, all the, all the different pieces.
brittni roldan: Sure. So I obviously, I'm a psych nurse practitioner. I've been doing psychiatry for almost four years now. Also a family nurse practitioner since 2014. Background in emergency medicine and urgent care. During the pandemic, I went back to school, did all that for psychiatry. Worked in a prison for a couple of years now. I've been working for myself the last couple of years. And the reason we are doing billing stuff is because I'm kind of. I've been using like the third party platform like headway grow therapy and hello Alma for billing and stuff. So I am just thinking about kind of taking that. To a more centralized thing like jot pyg, and then also thinking about going cash, like, in the next six months to a year or two or so, or reducing some of my insurance panels. So just kind of exploring that.
Adam Harrison: Awesome. Well, yeah, that's exciting. That's definitely, like, you know, we have a lot of customers who are transitioning off of the headways and the almas of the world, and I certainly, like, can understand why you'd want to do that. And are you mostly doing. Are you doing a mix of telehealth in person? Like, what does that kind of look like for you?
brittni roldan: Yeah, so right now, I'm 100% telehealth. I do have a space in town where I can see people. Actually. My business address is the urgent care I work at, so that's kind of a benefit for me. You know, there's all these rules on telehealth, like, controlled substances and stuff, which everything has been waived because of the pandemic as far as, like, in person requirements. So if that becomes a thing, There's a space where I can see people, but right now I'm 100 remote.
Adam Harrison: Got it, Got it. Okay. Super cool. And Nate said you had done some, like, from a credentialing standpoint, you, I think, have started with healthlink. And was it blue cross or the other one?
brittni roldan: Yeah.
Adam Harrison: Okay. And are those, like, the two that you're focused on at this point?
brittni roldan: Yeah, I think so, yeah. Because everything else is. For the most part, I'm fairly content with, like, headway and stuff, but lately I have been a little bit more frustrated with, like, their insurance verification and taking, like, forever. So some stuff like that is a little frustrating, but for the most part, it's okay. Healthlink is really the insurance I do not like messing with because it's the system ability. I don't know if you're familiar with that at all. It sucks. So basically, I just submit a claim and pray and never look back at it because it's too much of a hassle. So that's kind of my number one priority. I don't know. I maybe have five or 10 people of my 200 or so on that. So I. I just don't really want to chase those things, and I quite would like to have it all in one space eventually.
Adam Harrison: Okay. And so for those two, you are, like, fully credentialed and it's active and you're approved and all that?
brittni roldan: Yes.
Adam Harrison: Okay. Are there any others that are still in process or. Just those two, and it's like, good to go.
brittni roldan: So I don't know. Like, Alliance Coal is one. I'm in the process of credentialing with one of my health link people is now on her husband's plan, which is Alliance. Look it up here. It's Alliance Cole, I think. But I, like, literally just emailed them a few days ago. The Health Alliance Cola health plan is self funded and self administered. So I don't really know if that is a traditional credentialing situation or not, but I am onboarding with them in some sort of way.
Adam Harrison: Okay, interesting, interesting. Okay, cool. And then you said you have about like 200 patients right now. I'm assuming some of those are like, you do through headway and Alma and others maybe you're like doing yourself. Is that right?
brittni roldan: Right. So on grow therapy, it's really easy to find. I have 119 people on there.
brittni roldan: I don't know how many I have on headway or hello, Alma. And I've probably got 10 or so cash pay people regularly. Yeah.
Adam Harrison: Okay, so what about, do you have any patients that are like, not going through headway or Alma and that you're sort of like seeing independently that you're like, billing for directly at this point?
brittni roldan: HealthLink is literally the only one I'm billing independently right now.
Adam Harrison: Okay, and how many you said that's like 20 patients or something?
brittni roldan: Yeah, probably like 10 or less, honestly. Let's see. One, two, at least five less than 20.
Adam Harrison: Okay, cool. And then so I'm imagining you are trying to like gradually shift from headway and Alma to billing like, independently, right?
brittni roldan: Yes.
Adam Harrison: And how have you been like, approaching that? Or what's kind of your thinking there?
brittni roldan: Like why? Or what do you mean?
Adam Harrison: Not why, but more like how. So how are you planning to kind of like grow your, like, independent patient population?
brittni roldan: Great question. From a marketing standpoint.
Adam Harrison: No, I guess I'm just curious. Like, are. You know, I think usually you have to kind of like keep your headway patients on headway. Right. And then like others, if you see new patients, you can see them more like independently. Is that like. I think there can be ways also to move headway patients into your own if you get like the right permission. So I just wanted to see like, what, how you're thinking about all that.
brittni roldan: Got it. Yeah. So I don't specifically remember with headway with grow therapy, if you end your relationship with them, the people can follow you. I don't know what headway or almost specific rules are, but yeah, basically what I would do is inform them that I'm leaving and then I would tell them where I'm going. If that's something that's kosher.
Adam Harrison: Okay. Is that like on your radar at this point or like, kind of like just. That'll be maybe later you think about something like that.
brittni roldan: Yeah, if the billing and everything goes well, it's totally fine. I mean, it's just not something I've ever really done. You know, I honestly. Honestly never wanted to work for myself, to be completely honest with you. But I'm not even exactly sure how I got here. My husband was like, you should work for yourself. And I'm like, actually he wanted to open a clinic with me. He's a nurse practitioner too. I'm like, that sounds like a crazy idea. We're not doing that. I don't want to be anybody's employer. I don't really want to be the boss of other people necessarily. But I was working at the prison and I wanted to work from home and I wanted to make a little bit more money. So I just took a while. I got all these cool like platforms out there. You can pretty well work for yourself and be like a 101099 contractor.
Adam Harrison: So that's really what motivated me.
brittni roldan: I am motivated by money. Sure, that's true. I'm also motivated by making my own rules, like how many people I see today and what days I work and if I can go on a vacation or whatever. So I like the autonomy of that. I don't like the administrative work of any of it. And also that has been certainly the benefit from the platforms and stuff. But I kind of have an issue with lack of transparency for billing for patients. Like on grow therapy, for example, I can't see if they've got a CO insurance, a copay, a co whatever, or a high deductible or a low deductible or whatever. So sometimes they'll bill for a med management and add on therapy and they're like, oh my God, my bill was you know, 200 or whatever. So I kind of want to move away from that and also just have everything in one place because you know, I've got like four calendars, right? Google Headway, zoc, Doc, hello, Alma. You know, all the things and things get double booked and then I have, then I look bad because it's like I don't look prepared to organize, which sometimes I'm not, but still totally makes sense.
Adam Harrison: And if you've used. Sorry, go ahead.
brittni roldan: No, I didn't say anything.
Adam Harrison: Well, yeah, I think it sounds like we can really help with your like help link patients and really just like take that off your plate where it's like the CO pays the insurance billing, chasing the follow ups. Like I think that is where it makes the most sense for us to really focus. And that sounds like what you also discussed with me. Right, Perfect. Yeah. And so I had another. Sorry, I was gonna. I just lost my train of thought. Oh yeah, Are you using jot? PSYCH Currently. Already?
brittni roldan: Yes. I love it.
Adam Harrison: Okay, great. We'd love to hear that. Are you. How are you using it today? Because there's like different ways people use it, so I'm always just curious, like, what. How it. Like what that looks like for you.
brittni roldan: Sure. So I'm in love with the notetaking component of things. I'm an ADHD person myself. My short term memory isn't the best. In fact, out of my. How many people do I have on here? Out of my. See how many people. 258 clients in my electronic health record, not every single one of those are active. But anyways, out of those, I've only had one person be like, no, you can't record me using Drop Psych. Which I'm like, you're probably not the best patient for me, but that's okay. Yeah, it has been amazing. So I absolutely love it and sing praises to everyone who will listen, including my urgent care, which they say I don't do psychiatry, but they use Free Get Freed. But I've talked them into an electronic scribe, which is my favorite part of the program. Of course, there are other cool programs too, like billing and all of that, but I like how it works. I like how I just make my edits and copy and paste it into my electronic health record, which I use simple practice. So, yeah, sweet.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, that all sounds good. Sounds like you're a pretty standard, like, user with, like, that's how a lot of people are using job site. So, yeah, let me. So I can. I think what we can do today is we have a little bit of time. So I'd love to just kind of get things. A lot of the initial, like, setup stuff done.
Adam Harrison: So there's a few. I'll kind of like walk through the basics. So there's like two main components, right? One is can we bill insurance through job site? And are we set up with everything we need to do that? That's like, number one. Number two is billing for your patients, and that one's like, a little more straightforward. But those are. Basically there's like, just a little bit of setup for each of those that we need to kind of go through. And I'll kind of like outline all the process to you like, in our email after this. But I would love to just start like, tackling some of those things now just so we can like, get you up as soon as possible to actually, like, start doing your. All your billing and payments for you. So that sounds good to you? We can just dive right in if you're. If you're game for it.
brittni roldan: Let's go.
Adam Harrison: All right, let's do it. So the first thing I will ask you to do, just because there's. This takes a little time to run in the background, would be to connect to our clearinghouse. So we integrate with a clearinghouse called Steady. It's S T E D I. So if you're able to just go to steady.com and just like, share your screen, I can walk you through, like, how to. How to do that.
brittni roldan: Okay. I'm looking for the screen share button.
Adam Harrison: Oh, I know. Google Meet is the worst.
brittni roldan: It's like, I found it.
Adam Harrison: It's very hard to find. Got it. All right, so, yeah, go ahead and. Click the little bars on the top, right? You should see a sign up. Maybe just try zooming out a little bit. So this is like a weird. Yeah, yeah, there we go. So go ahead and do sign up free on the top and then just the first one. Healthcare clearinghouse. And then yeah, go ahead and enter like just your info here. Oh, you know what, I'm going to have to send you a URL because it doesn't like Gmail. So give me one second, I'll send you something to use.
brittni roldan: Oh, I have another thing I can use.
Adam Harrison: Okay, you can use the Gmail too. I just need to like send you this link. So totally up to you.
brittni roldan: Well, it doesn't like that one either. It's red. It says please use your work email address.
Adam Harrison: Okay, yeah, hold on, give me one minute. I will have to. Okay, I'm just going to send you a URL in this in our chat.
brittni roldan: Okay.
Adam Harrison: So should see it pop up in the bottom. Did that show up?
brittni roldan: You want me to copy and paste it on the email?
Adam Harrison: Oh no, just go to that URL if you could.
brittni roldan: Oh my God.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, yeah, no, you're good.
brittni roldan: Well, you might need to send it again.
Adam Harrison: Okay, let's start. Let me do it again.
brittni roldan: Okay, So it brought me to steady again. Do you want me to click a different.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, so this one, it should look the exact same but it'll let you do do the email. It's not going to like give you an error when you enter your email.
brittni roldan: Oh, okay. So use this one instead. Do you want me to share this screen?
Adam Harrison: Yeah, sure, that'd be great.
brittni roldan: Okay, let me rearrange my 900 windows really quick.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, okay. Yeah, it's going to take a few steps. It'll ask for confirmation and then you also have to do the like the multi factor authentication on top of it.
Adam Harrison: So lots of security and sign in steps, which is everyone's favorite.
brittni roldan: Yay.
Adam Harrison: There we go. Nice. So. Are you, by the way, are you credentialed with like, as an individual or as like an organization? Do you know?
brittni roldan: Both is the right answer. But I can't remember if I did my NPI1 or my NPI2. Is that what you're referring to?
Adam Harrison: Yeah, yeah, but that's totally fine. We can like come back to that later. So, yeah, you would just enter, like you could just do. Yeah, do basic and then above where it says what's the legal name of your company? Just whatever entity you use, like for billing is totally fine. Great. So, yeah, basic. So. Yep, you won't be charged for that. And while this is going, do you have your. I'm imagining you already have like your patients that you see saved in Jotsy that we would be billing or are those like. Do you just kind of keep everything anonymous and shots like, and delete notes?
brittni roldan: I keep everything there and I don't delete anything.
Adam Harrison: Okay. Do you. Do you save like patient name and like all that stuff or name, date of birth?
brittni roldan: Yeah, like their patient profile? I don't ever. All of my notes are like left and reviewed. I don't have a. I don't have a habit of signing my notes, so. Okay. Maybe to change. Yeah. At some point.
Adam Harrison: Awesome. And I don't know why this is taking a minute to review. But let me also. I have like, direct line of communication with our study people, so let me also send them a message.
brittni roldan: Okay.
Adam Harrison: Okay. So that we will just kind of let run for a little bit and we'll just, we'll just come back to that. So the, the next thing is a lot of times what's easiest to get like if you. You said you is it was a simple practice you use for your ehr.
brittni roldan: Mm.
Adam Harrison: So a lot of times what we suggest is like if you add us as a user to your Simple Practice account, we can do like a one time data export for like the patients that you're seeing like independently. Simple Practice would just have like your patients. Right. Not like headway or Alma. Is that right?
brittni roldan: Well, I mean Simple Practice has all of my patients.
Adam Harrison: Oh, it has everyone. Okay.
brittni roldan: That's where I keep all my documentation for visits.
Adam Harrison: Got it. Okay, but are you. But you're not billing through Simple Practice for your patients. You're billing through Availability.
brittni roldan: Yes.
Adam Harrison: Okay, I gotcha. Okay. But yeah, so what we could do, I think the next step here would be if you could create like a login to us for your Simple Practice that'll let us do two things. One is we can do an like a bulk export of your patients into jot Psych so you have like their insurance. Like are you saving their insurance info in Simple Practice or.
brittni roldan: Not really.
Adam Harrison: No, not really. Okay, where do you save that for like the HealthLink patients?
brittni roldan: I don't basically. I mean they literally message me a picture of their insurance and every time I have to do a eligibility check, I just pull up the picture and run it.
Adam Harrison: Okay, what about when you submit like a claim to through availability? Does it saved in a validity like their insurance stuff?
brittni roldan: So basically you have to do an eligibility check before you submit a claim. So basically I just run information and then when I go to submit claim I just click their name because it was just checked and that's in Availability.
Adam Harrison: Okay, so they're basically their info should be saved in availability then like their member number, all that stuff.
brittni roldan: In theory. I mean I can log in. Like I said, I'm not very good at availability, so I don't.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, I've used it before. It's. Certainly is like a little bit. A little bit clunky at times.
brittni roldan: Yeah. So if there's a place that it's stored, I can absolutely get you there. I just don't know.
Adam Harrison: Yeah. And probably the easiest thing is you can just add us on availability as like a user and then we can just like do that for you just so you don't have to like go through that hassle.
brittni roldan: Okay, so under invite users, I'm assuming.
Adam Harrison: Yeah. If you can switch to sharing that screen, I can walk you through it.
brittni roldan: Okay, So I guess that is my group NPI there, because I don't recognize that number.
Adam Harrison: Oh, okay. Okay, that's interesting. Yeah. So go ahead and do. You can just do like, you know, jots, like billing or something like that. And then for the email, can you do billing plus, like the plus sign and then do Brit VNP. Like all one word. Yeah. @jotslake.com. Oh, it's not going to allow a plus. Okay, just do billing outstyle dot com. That's.
brittni roldan: That should be fine.
Adam Harrison: Oh, you got. I think you got to get rid of the mp. Just literally just billing at job site.
brittni roldan: Oh, oh, sorry.
Adam Harrison: No, no, no worries. It's just like an availability thing.
brittni roldan: It's enter a valid first name. I don't understand what's happening. Let me make this bigger. Am I not seeing something right? No.
Adam Harrison: Oh, oh, sorry. Oh, that's weird. It was like kind of messed up, right?
brittni roldan: Yeah. You just want me to put Brittany there?
Adam Harrison: Okay, sorry. So I was actually mistaken. Like my view was kind of weird. So her last name. Can you do jot psych? Just jot psych where it's his user last name and then first name. Can you do billing?
brittni roldan: Apparently when I split my screen, it does not like that. So I won't do that anymore.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, and then. Yeah, billing plus Brittany the MP at jetsig. And then. Yeah, and then try doing it. Assign roles. So click that. And then there's so many. If, if you're just able to do like check everything, that's just safest. I'm not sure like how availity is set up, but yeah, that'll just be like the easiest probably. And then go ahead and do send invitations and that should work. Okay, perfect. So I will like kind of do this separately on my end and like go through and export stuff. So we won't like need to do this. All right, now, but could you switch back to the steady tab? Because I think that that's like processed is what they're saying.
Adam Harrison: You might just have to refresh the page.
brittni roldan: Okay. Where. There it is. You just want me to like hit enter?
Adam Harrison: Yeah, just click refresh on the top. It should like, should load. Okay. So yeah, now you'll need to do mfa. So do set up mfa.
Adam Harrison: Have you done this before? It's like Google Authenticator or Microsoft Authenticator
brittni roldan: in some fashion of the word. Yes.
Adam Harrison: Okay.
brittni roldan: Okay.
Adam Harrison: Okay, great. So then can you go to apps on the top here and then it might say it's loading. Yeah. So this is, this is why I always say to start with this because it takes a little time. Okay. So yeah, so we'll kind of come back to this like towards the end of the call. But basically all you need to do is just click on job site once it appears and then you basically don't have to worry about steady like ever again. But it's just like a little painful to get set up. So that is. So that's steady. So that's the first thing. Ehr. I don't think we're going to need your simple practice access. I think it sounds like you don't have insurance info in there. So we can just kind of use availability to get the patient insurance info. Are you doing any like co pays or credit card? Are you like billing your patients for either cash pay, I think you said, or like co pays.
brittni roldan: Yeah. So cash pay. Yes. Copays, no.
Adam Harrison: Okay. And how are you doing that today for.
brittni roldan: For like cash pay, I send them a link for my Chase bank account.
Adam Harrison: Okay, cool, cool. Okay, so yeah, we can do all the payments through job site if you want. Like both the, both the co pays and the cash payments. The only thing is we would just need to like get a credit card on file for each of your patients and then just like store it. So do you have those things saved somewhere or you just do like a Chase link usually to that? They do, yeah. Okay, that's totally fine. We can like come back to that. So yeah, I don't think so. I think availability should be good for getting just like the photo of the insurance card basically because that won't be in simple practice. Sounds like.
brittni roldan: And then I don't think I've ever uploaded a photo. I always just type in the numbers.
Adam Harrison: Well, we can. Sorry, we don't need the photo as much as we need the numbers. Yeah, yeah, but do you have the photo somewhere?
Adam Harrison: Is that, is that like in simple practice or just like on your phone or something?
brittni roldan: On my phone.
Adam Harrison: Okay. Do you have them all like easily saved somewhere? Because there's only like 10 or 20 of them. It might just be. That might just be like the fastest way for us to get that into job site if you can like send those to us.
brittni roldan: Yeah, I just have to remember who it is.
brittni roldan: Is there a way to like an ability and see like your claims?
Adam Harrison: There should be. Yeah. You should be able to see like a list.
brittni roldan: Let me see. Claim status, maybe.
Adam Harrison: I'm not totally sure.
brittni roldan: Yeah, me neither. Reporting transaction log. Maybe choose one day. Yeah, I don't know if that's going to work for me.
Adam Harrison: I'll go through it. No worries.
brittni roldan: You don't.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, availability is already like painful enough. So I'll take a look at that and then yeah, if you have photos of insurance cards, like feel free to send those too. But you know, I'll like recap all this in an email so you don't have to like think about it right now. The next thing I want to do is set up your job site account so you can actually get payments like directly deposited into your bank account through. Jots.
brittni roldan: Okay.
Adam Harrison: So if you don't mind, like, signing into your account and jot seg. I can walk you through what that setup includes.
brittni roldan: Okay. Like, I'm logged in on one. I'll just share it and you can tell me where to go.
Adam Harrison: All right, so if you click BR in the top. Oh, sorry. Actually, this was. Yeah, actually, sorry, this moved recently. So if you go to your practice on the top and then click on Patient Payments, and then if you click on. Yeah, start getting paid, And then just click Continue Setup. And that's going to open a new window and basically it's just going to ask for, like, your name, your address, and then you'll put in your bank account. You don't have to, like, share that with me, obviously, on screen, but it'll probably take, like, five minutes to go through.
brittni roldan: Okay. And I think one of my. At least one of my other platforms uses Stripe, so I don't know if it'll allow two emails.
Adam Harrison: It should be fine. Yeah. But we can. We can see.
brittni roldan: Okay. It says, would you like to link this account to one of your existing businesses on strike?
Adam Harrison: Let's see. I think so. Yeah. Assuming that's like your. Yeah, that. That's. That looks right, right? It does.
brittni roldan: Mm.
Adam Harrison: So this might actually be very quick, which would be good, right?
brittni roldan: Because I tried OzMind for a while as an EHR and I think I did all this, but I'm not sure.
Adam Harrison: Okay, got it.
brittni roldan: I don't know what that is because I don't have a website. I think I had to put something. This might be. Let me click on this and see what happens. Yes, that's my prince. Oh, okay. I have a carriage company and it's. I. Yeah, that's funny. Okay.
Adam Harrison: It's an old link.
brittni roldan: No, it's not an old link. It's their own business.
Adam Harrison: Oh, okay.
brittni roldan: This. This is where it takes you. Oh, wait, I still see your. That's funny, right?
Adam Harrison: I love it. I love it.
brittni roldan: Yeah. So I remember when I set that up, you, like, couldn't get past that without.
Adam Harrison: Without some link.
brittni roldan: A website. Now, I do technically have a website, I think through simple practice. Let me see if I can find it. Marketing. I guess I can. Okay. Yeah, so let me replace that copy. There. Okay.
Adam Harrison: Nice.
brittni roldan: Yeah, that's at least the right business.
Adam Harrison: Okay. I think the important thing is probably to make sure that you're like, if that looks like your bank account, because that is where like the payment would go. So if that looks like the right number, that's probably more important than the website.
brittni roldan: All right, let me check it out.
Adam Harrison: Cool.
brittni roldan: Yeah, that's right.
Adam Harrison: Sweet. All right, well, if that all looks good, you could just do agree and submit and then this should be all set up.
brittni roldan: Okay.
Adam Harrison: All right. We like to see green. That's good.
brittni roldan: Okay, awesome.
Adam Harrison: So let me see here. Other things we have to do. So the clearinghouse is in process. I have Availability, payments is connected. We'll also need you to do some of your practice info, like your NPI and like address to use. But I can grab all that from availability, so no need to do anything there. The last thing we would just need is you should have some payer contracts from like when you got credentialed. Does that sound like something you've seen or have?
brittni roldan: Yeah, I downloaded one of them earlier because Nate mentioned that.
Adam Harrison: Okay, sweet. Yeah, we would just need that. So we know like. Yeah, we just can. We'll build your like note template based around that. So that it actually is like writing a note that aligns with like what the payer wants. And then it also will have things like your rate schedule. So we know like the dollar amounts to put in and like which CPT codes are covered, which ones aren't like all that good stuff.
brittni roldan: Okay.
Adam Harrison: So yeah, I can help you like find those if you want. Or we could like pull up a few and just make sure that it kind of has everything we need.
brittni roldan: Yeah, how do you want me to send that to you?
Adam Harrison: So you can just do emails? Fine, if you already have it, then that's. Yeah, then that's awesome. I can just like get it into your account right away.
brittni roldan: Okay. And what's your email again?
Adam Harrison: Yeah, you can do aharrisonopsy.com.
brittni roldan: okay, So hopefully that's what you need for health link. I'll just put health link on there actually. Is that helping? Let me click on this. Yeah, it is offlink. Okay, I sent that, but I don't think the rate one is actually on there. I have to look for the rate. B schedule. Download. Okay, I sent you that. Yeah, and I think. I think my Blue Cross Blue Shield is good to go too, but I set it up in 23 and haven't used it really.
Adam Harrison: Okay, sorry, do you mind saying that one more time?
brittni roldan: I signed up for like Blue Cross Blue Shield independently credentialing like in 23, but I never actually build it, I don't think because.
Adam Harrison: Okay.
brittni roldan: I chose to go with the platforms instead.
Adam Harrison: Got it. Do you, do you have any patience that are Blue Cross Blue Shield that are like you could bill independently?
brittni roldan: I have plenty of Blue Cross Blue Shield patience. Now the rules on whether or not they can come over from one of the platforms that I don't know.
Adam Harrison: Got it, got it. Okay, so I'm just looking here, it looks like. So normally the payer contracts are like a 50 page document with a bunch of like really fine print. These seem more like they're kind of shorter than I would expected. So I'm wondering if there's like something else somewhere that they may have also sent you.
brittni roldan: Okay, well let me just share my screen here and you can see what I got going on.
Adam Harrison: Okay. Sorry. I know this is like painful to. To go through.
brittni roldan: It's okay. So this is when it like went live or whatever. And these are my options. Orientation, quick reference, the welcome letters, what I sent you, and then this signed contract situation. Let's see, Tony said. Tony didn't say much.
Adam Harrison: Tony didn't say much. So maybe the first two might have more. Let's maybe take a look at those. Or. Okay, that's just a webinar, so that's not very helpful. Quick reference, that also isn't that helpful. Interesting.
brittni roldan: And then that's the welcome letter. Like that's literally what they sent me.
Adam Harrison: Okay. Are there any other emails that he has?
brittni roldan: Let's look.
Adam Harrison: Credentialing.
brittni roldan: Let's just see what this is. That might be more what you're looking for, but.
Adam Harrison: I don't think so.
Adam Harrison: No, because this was also before you were, like, credentialed. Right, Right. Because this is now 2024.
brittni roldan: Yeah.
brittni roldan: It took forever to get all that set up.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, No, I know. It's a pain. Oh, it does look like you emailed though them about the fee agreement we have though, right? That was your second email.
brittni roldan: I sent you the fee agreement. The. From the top or bottom? This one or this one, do you mean?
Adam Harrison: No, I was looking at. Sorry. Yeah, I already have the fee agreement. So that. Just ignore that. Yeah. I don't know. Maybe. Would. If. Would you mind just like, emailing Tony and copying me and then I can just try to get the documents directly? Is that okay with you? Because I just don't see it here, to be honest. And you can just do a Harrison and Chat sake. Yeah. And feel free to just say something like, hi, Tony, I'm working with Adam, like, in copy. He is doing my. He's my biller or something like that. Like, he's. He's doing the billing for my practice. You know, he had a few questions for you regarding player contracts and credentialing, leaving you two to connect from here or something like that. And then I can just, like, try to sort it out directly with Tony.
brittni roldan: Okay.
Adam Harrison: Sorry. I don't know why they, like, didn't send that to you. That's, like, really, really odd.
brittni roldan: Yeah, I don't know.
Adam Harrison: Okay, we're getting closer, so let's maybe go back to steady and hopefully that's loaded.
brittni roldan: Lost the window. Oh, I think I may have navigated out of it. Okay, let me. We go back. Okay, where do I go now?
Adam Harrison: So from here, you would go to apps in the top. And then scroll down. You should see Jot Psych somewhere in here. Yeah, there you go. And just do install confirm. Right, that's good. I got something on my side, so might just take a minute to finish.
brittni roldan: Okay.
Adam Harrison: You should be, like, getting in our system now. Give this, like, two more seconds. Okay, perfect. And then for this, like.
Adam Harrison: Do you see this API key thing at the bottom?
brittni roldan: Yeah.
Adam Harrison: Do you mind just clicking the copy button? It's like, all the way to the right. The little square thing. And then can you just put that in the chat? Okay, sweet. Now I just need to, like, go to the back end and add that to your account so it's all. It'll all be connected. So give me one second. Do you know what email your job site account is under?
brittni roldan: It should be brittanyroldanmail.com.
Adam Harrison: okay, cool.
brittni roldan: It's b, r, I, t, t, n, I, though it's not your traditional spelling.
Adam Harrison: Yes, I got it. No worries. All right, let's see here. Do you know how many notes you have? The drop stake?
brittni roldan: A lot.
Adam Harrison: What's your guess?
brittni roldan: 1500?
Adam Harrison: Close. It's 2617.
brittni roldan: There you go.
Adam Harrison: So that's a lot.
Adam Harrison: All right, let me get this connected now. Billing clearinghouse. Okay. All right. So the next thing I'll actually share like my screen now for a change.
Adam Harrison: Okay, so I got you connected here. The next thing we gotta do is set up like your billing entity. So it sounds like you're not totally sure in availability if it's your like which NPI it is. But so if you know this like we could fill it out now. If you don't, then I can just like go into availability and see if I can like figure it out.
brittni roldan: Okay. It's. It is my group practice on ability. I don't know that it matters.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, we can also wait to see like what Tony comes back with because it should also be in like your payer contract. Should be. Should have that. So we could just like wait on this for now. I'll like see what Tony says, see what ability says and we can like fill this all out just, just. Because if we do, if we put the wrong thing in here, like your claims will just get denied. So we can just like take this as a second step. Unless you're like totally sure what, what each of these is.
brittni roldan: No, we should probably wait because I mean of all the claims I've submitted, I think I've gotten one check from HealthLink. So we probably should wait.
Adam Harrison: Okay, perfect. Yeah, I'll just like go through all the documents and then just make sure that this is all correct before we, before we do anything. But I will take that as a next step.
brittni roldan: Okay, cool.
Adam Harrison: Well, we are like coming up on time here. I think we got through a lot. I think we got to pretty much everything we need to outside of the like payer docs thing. But so steady's connected. That's good. I have an availability invite, so I just need to log in and like check on that stuff. Stripe is set up so patient payments you can start doing right away. And then payer contracts is just the last thing. So one thing is I did not get the email yet with like. Tony on it. So I'm wondering if maybe that was like there's a typo or something.
brittni roldan: Okay.
brittni roldan: Did that, did that send?
Adam Harrison: I just want to make sure before I let you go that I have like Tony in my inbox so I can, I can like get those payer contracts for you.
brittni roldan: Yeah, let me just forward it again. Okay. I resent it. Right. Forwarded it actually.
Adam Harrison: Okay, perfect. I just got it. Okay, awesome. Yeah, I don't know why that didn't like deliver the first time. All right, so, so last thing here. So in terms of the next steps, right. I'm going to kind of like chase down a few things on my side. Get the payer contract, hopefully get that loaded into your account. We'll also have like a new template that you'll need to use for your notes. So, you know. Well, I guess I should ask first, like your jot psych note templates,
brittni roldan: which ones do I use the most?
Adam Harrison: Yeah, I guess I'm curious, like for a really good note that you would want as like your example, that would live in simple practice, I guess. Right. So if we're building a template from you, we should probably use like a simple practice note instead of a job site note.
brittni roldan: I don't know. I don't really have like a simple practice note, if that makes sense. Like I usually use. Let me just go over here. Like I'm going to make a new note. Okay. I usually use the one that's titled Therapy plus Med Check it's pinned and then, Well, intake copy.
Adam Harrison: Okay.
brittni roldan: Now they're not really organized the best way, but that's okay. But that has what I want pretty much. For ones that I do like add on therapy, there's a section like interventions and topics discussed. But I did recently add a psychotherapy add on section. So I don't use both of them. I use one or the other typically, but depending on what we do in the visit.
Adam Harrison: Okay, and then what are the most common codes that you're billing? Are you doing like 992 and 4, like 3, 4, 5. Like how often are you doing psychotherapy add ons? Like. Like what's that all look like for you?
brittni roldan: Yeah, so mostly 992-14-S, some 9921 threes. And then I probably do add on psychotherapy at least 50% of the time, which is like a 90833. Occasionally a 90836.
Adam Harrison: Okay, got it, got it. All right. That sounds all pretty like standard. So that's totally fine. Yeah. So next steps here. I would love to grab some time with you maybe next week. We gotta do like a little bit of setup. So that'll just take a little time and then we can just like. I can kind of like check in on where we are and like any gaps we still have, like we can like clear up at that time. How does like sometime next week look for you? Maybe like the second half of the week.
brittni roldan: I'm actually out of town next Thursday, Friday. So how about the week after that be okay?
Adam Harrison: Yeah, that, that works. Do you want to. Are you around Wednesday? Because we could do, we could do Wednesday next week too.
brittni roldan: Yikes. How about Thursday? Wait, what is the fifth?
Adam Harrison: Oh, I mean Wednesday the 25th.
brittni roldan: Oh, I'm sorry. Next week? I'm very busy.
Adam Harrison: Okay. The whole week is kind of shot and then you're out.
brittni roldan: Right? So I work Monday, Tuesday, Wednesdays. I've got 13 Monday, 10 on Wednesday and like 12 on Wednesday. So how much time do we need? There is a block of time, the 24th in the afternoon from 2 to 4 or that's currently not booked on the 24th.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, that maybe let's just.
Adam Harrison: If it's okay with you, let's do 2 to 2:30. I think we can keep it pretty short depending on if I like get what I need from Tony and like other things. Like we'll just try to keep it to like more of a 15, 20 minute check in on just like where things are. But I'll just like block 30 minutes if that's okay with you.
brittni roldan: Sure.
Adam Harrison: Okay. All right. Also, sorry we're running a little long here.
brittni roldan: It's okay.
Adam Harrison: Let me send this to you now. I send it to the Hotmail account or what do you prefer?
brittni roldan: It doesn't matter. My, my Britney rolled in is. Is at Gmail is typically my business. One, but it's. Whatever.
Adam Harrison: Okay, cool. I'll just put a.
Adam Harrison: Put the same one that we use for this meeting on there.
brittni roldan: Okay.
Adam Harrison: All right. Well, thanks for your patience going through that. I know it's a lot of, like, little ticky, tacky things there, but I am, yeah, super excited to get this up and running for you. And, you know, we will chat on Tuesday.
brittni roldan: Okay, Sounds good. Thank you.
Adam Harrison: Thanks, Brittany. Have a good rest of your day. Bye.
brittni roldan: Bye.