mkane: You that we're not capturing enough information. To justify level of care. And it was my hope and continued hope, actually, that. Using AI in particular. Scriber, since that's what I started with. Would help me capture the level of care that justifies to help me capture the information. Usually in quotation marks for the patients that justified either an ASAM 3.7 or an ASAN 3.5 or a locus 5 level of care. Typically. I'm sure you're familiar with this, but with ASAM, it's 3.7 and 3.5 are impatient. They're medically driven. Medical reasons. For daily nursing care, et cetera. For Lucas 5. It has to do more with risk of imminent risks suicidality. Level of function, degree of symptomatology. Those kinds of things. And I'll go on to say that I think. That. With scriber my notes are better. I think that I'm capturing information that I wouldn't otherwise. But I don't have any data to support that. In other words, Are we getting fewer peer to peers? That would be a good something to track, right? Are we winning or are we. Are we contesting the peer to peer? And getting the level of care that we think the patient deserves. That would be a useful metric. I don't have that data. From the point of view of corporate. They don't care so much what the progress note looks like. They want information in the progress note that supports the level of care. We tend to use soap formats for progress notes. Histories and physicals. Initial psychiatric evaluations look fairly, I think, fairly. Standard and typical and what you might expect. One of the things I've done that I think improves. My note take. The product of my initial psych evaluation and my H and P is that I verbally instruct. Scriber. I say things like, I want you to justify a 3.7 level of care for this patient. And that's the patient that I just. Where they just basically listen to the interview and then formatted it as an H and P or an ipe. And the output of that looks to me. I've seen a lot of these now, so they look familiar. They look kind of. They look a little standard. I think they do. I think there is an attempt to include language and specific historical events that support level of care. They're not as granular and individualized as I would like.
Christopher Hume: Okay? Doctor so it sounds like scribers that you are the way there sort of the interest or the reason that kind of emily piqued your interest is one. Maybe we could help you with that granularity and improving the detail and fidelity, specifically on level of care. And then also, would it be of interest if we could help you get some metrics and kind of how your notes are doing, if you're getting higher levels of care, how the reimbursement rates are. Is that something that would be of interest? Kind of.
mkane: More on I want to know. I truly feel like I'm shooting in the dark. I want to know is the product we're putting out there, the product in this case being. Not the care, actually, so much as the data. The note. That would continue to underwrite the level of care needed. That. That's what I want to know.
Christopher Hume: Yeah, no, absolutely. And that definitely makes sense for us. And that's something I think we can certainly help with. So I'll kind of explain in a moment kind of the two potential paths ahead I see here. But I do see the real mate, Dr. Kane, joined us, so I'm no longer even CEO for a meeting. So, Nate, I just wanted to give you opportunity to say hello.
Nathan Peereboom: Hey, Dr. Payne, how are you? I'm so sorry for running late here.
mkane: You're not late. I'm late.
mkane: We had a nice duty appointment. I had a parent conference that I couldn't. I couldn't. I couldn't end it.
Nathan Peereboom: How old is your kiddo?
mkane: Oh, well, my kids are. This is a parent conference for a patient of mine, and I need. Ed to talk to a parent, the parents to get more background information.
Nathan Peereboom: Gotcha. Gotcha. Okay, cool. All right, that makes sense. Well, I'm here to answer questions. I think, Dr. Kane, what you're gesturing at this idea that there's opacity in documentation and that creates questions about risk performance, the future of your practice in an audit. That's kind of the exact thing that we built JOT Psych for. And Chris is going to walk you through it. We do have a bunch of different things that we can explore together. But I want you to know that we hear that we totally hear the need for transparency and understanding at a data level, at a quantitative level, for what's going the documentation you create. So I'll step out of the way, let Chris kind of present. What we have, but very, very cool to hear kind of what you've done with your practice and what you're looking for. So thank you for the introduction.
mkane: Yeah. Of course.
Christopher Hume: Thanks, nate. Doctor King, what I was thinking is. So I think you talked to a little bit about our pilot program, this opportunity for us to kind of roll out jobsam to people. 10 people, 30 people, however many people you'd like, either ending on a free or a discounted rate. And so that would be an opportunity for you to see how that helps with kind of getting that granularity and specificity, patient specificity on level of care. I'll walk you through that in a moment. For our billing features. So we do. Billing. We do automatic audits or audit proofing your notes. We can build rules based on your payers. Typically. How we start that is by doing an analysis of your current billing. And from that I think we'd be able to get to some of the questions you have. How often are they getting approved for level of care? How often are they staying at the higher level versus getting down coded to a lower level of care? And so that's something that we offer and I think could be a huge value to you is, as you said, as you kind of figure out what is going on kind of with your data and as you're changing these nodes with outcomes.
mkane: That sounds good to me.
Nathan Peereboom: Doctor King, can I just ask a question here? Let's say that you were able to sit down and read through every single chart. What would you be looking for in those charts? Like, what would be the thing that you'd want to be kind of testing each chart for?
mkane: Sure. When I. There are a few things. Okay, here's what I. Here's what I want to see. And then at the end of that. I'll. I'll prioritize what I think is most important. So I want to see a subjective section. I want to know what the patient's saying about how they're feeling. I know that a patient may say something at 8 o'clock on Monday morning and say something entirely different at 4 o'clock on a Tuesday afternoon. So there's. It's, it's, it's. It. Adds information that sometimes. Is in conflict with what they might say to to another either another provider or to a therapist or to a nurse, but nevertheless. I want to see that.
mkane: I want to see objective information and I want to see the current vital signs. I want to see the current fee law and COWS scores. I want to see a current mental status exam. I also like to see a physical exam. And this is, of course, on a progress note. This is going to be a cursory exam. Yes. They're moving all four extremities. Etcetera. I can see them breathing. They're not cyanotic, but I do look for that. Also. This is under the objective, by the way. So current vitals, current mental status. Current physical exam. I want to see lab work. We have an admission lab work, as you might imagine. And I want to see. What we call gene site results. So Gene side is a company that does psychogenomic testing you may be familiar with. Pretty big company. I want to see that in there. I want to see that in there with every note. Because if it's not in there with every note, then somebody has to go hunting for it, right? And that's painted in the ass. So with every note, I want to see a subjective. I want to see objective information. Vital signs, mental status, physical exam. Admission labs or any additional follow up plans and gene site results. In terms of the assessment and plan, the most important part and probably the most important part of the note. Is justification for level of care. Now this in my view, needs to be succinct. It needs to be three or four sentences because no, no utilization, no third party payer is going to want to read a paragraph. So three or four sentences where in declarative terms like. And here's what I mean. I mean. Here's what I don't mean. This patient would benefit from continued 3.7 level of care. No. No, that's not right. Ok? That's not what a third party parent wants to hear. They want to know why. They need 3.7 level of care. Not, would they continue to benefit from a 3.7 level error, right? So what I see when I say paycheck continues to benefit from 3.7 or 3.5, if they're locus. Locus 5 or whatever, they just infuriates me, okay? Because. Because that is. That is it. That is not. What? When I'm doing a peer to peer. I can tell you I've never heard somebody ask me. Do you think they're continuing to benefit from their 3.5 level care? No, they don't ask those kinds of questions. They want to know why the fuck do they need to see a nurse every twice a day? And what do they. What does that nurse doing? That's so critically important that that person needs to continue at a 3.5 level of care. That's what I need. That goes under the assessment and plan. Also following justification for I get a little excited about level of care because that's where. The rubber hits the road around here, Right? That's actually, I think that's where the reviewer goes. Right away. That's what they look at. I don't know that they look at the mental status and they give very much about. Vital signs. Unless, of course, there are 3.7 in vital signs that are off or what? Ever. Under under assessment plan. I want to see a justification for level of care. I want a distinct I want a definitive and declarative two or three sentences. Follow that with a list of the problems. Alcohol use disorder, alcohol withdrawal. Congestive heart failure. Hyperlipidemia and so on. So the way. The way we prioritize diagnoses. That we prioritize them in the following way. If they're admitted under ASAM level of care rules. Then we list substance use disorders first. If they're admitted under Locus. Rules, then we lose mental health. Diagnoses first. If we list substance use disorders first. In other words, if there are asan driven care. Then it's substance use disorders, followed by mental health disorders, followed by chronic health issues. Doctor if it's focused, then it's mental health. Followed by any history of substance use, of course. And then chronic health issues. By each diagnosis. Under assessment and plan by each diagnostic. So we've done the level of care declaration. By each diagnosis, and we list what we're doing.
Nathan Peereboom: Super helpful. Okay. Yeah, I think.
Nathan Peereboom: I think I'm understanding that. Dr. King, you have a very, very thorough understanding of the template and the output and the structure and the, I would say, epistemology of, like, how you want to present your note to. To a payer. Um, that totally makes sense.
mkane: Yep. Yep.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay.
Christopher Hume: Cool. Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: Sorry, chris.
Christopher Hume: No, no.
mkane: One last thing. I'll generally put in bold. The justification for level of care. So they go, you know, there may be a subjective, there may be an object, there will be this objective, objective, there'll be labs, there'll be gene site results, but in bold will be justification for level of care. That's the first thing under assessment of plan.
Christopher Hume: Are you?
mkane: That's how important it is.
Christopher Hume: Are you able to get this level of fidelity and scriber right now, or how?
Christopher Hume: Like, what are you able to take from scratch? Okay, so you're able to do the template, uh, in that format. It's just you want a little bit more detail.
mkane: Unlevel of carefully a level of care justification.
Christopher Hume: And how many.
mkane: So there's some inherent problems. So we use Khipu emr. You know, we rely on other provide. We rely on nursing input. We rely on what we call clinical input. And. And the universe that I live in, clinical means. Psychotherapists. So clinical. Is not medical. You guys probably know that, but. Growing up doing the various things that I did as a physician, clinical meant something entirely different. But in this world, clinical always refers to non medical care. And the point I'm trying to make is that there is incongruent information. In there per day. Let's say, for example. Nurses may score give a child score of, say, eight or nine on day three of a six day Suboxone caper. Well, that's a problem. Especially since we're on date. We're halfway through. And it looks. It looks to the reviewer like, well, hey, man. This person's doing, all right. I want to say to them, well, they're doing all right because I've got them up on Suboxone and Valium, and I. And I'm, you know. You know. I don't know how to. Frankly, I don't know how to. I don't know how to manage that kind of. Misalignment of information.
Christopher Hume: And Dr. Kane, is your team all working from the same, or are you the only one who's using scriber right now?
mkane: I'm the only one using scriber, okay? I'm paying for. I pay for it myself.
mkane: I'm not quite sure how I stumbled upon it. I probably was doing. I was probably leafing through the reels on, you know. Right. On Instagram. Right, right. I ran across her doctor saying, hey, man, this is the best thing I've ever used. Wouldn't be surprised. And. I, I, I stuck a toe in it and their response to me. Was positive. They we didn't. That is to say, they reacted quickly with text. I sent them templates. What I like to see. And their response? Their response is. A little slow. Three to seven days. But they seem to be trying to. They seem to be trying to, you know. Give me what I want.
Christopher Hume: Doctor Kyos currently. And C sort of what's what works better for you, and I think. Maybe even um, more critically what's going to be something that you can scale out to your team. So kind of everyone's plans when you sheet of music. We love to set up a pilot for you. What I think would be so what would a good outcome Dr. N.B. for this meeting? Would you like to be able to make a decision on a pilot. Would you like me to give you the overview of the analysis we can do and that of your level of care statuses and the pricing? What would be the best outcome if it 10:30 I let you go back to enjoy your Friday? Um, you'd be like, dang, Chris really, really did a good job closing out that meeting.
mkane: I appreciate it. Enjoying the rest of my Friday? Well. I've got a few patients to see. All right, so. I think. I think the second, uh, I think your second. Point would probably capture most of what I want. I having a pilot specifically for me. I'm open to. Let me tell you something. Too. Just to be clear, I think you probably know this, so. I'm the medical director of Indiana center for Recovery, which is for centers, and we have. You know, we have. We have one. We have three centers that have between 150 and 160 patients. And we have one center that has about 23. Patients. And that center is detox. That's ASAM driven center detox. 3.7 and 3.5. We have probably 44 to six active outpatient centers throughout Indiana, some of which we're offering tms. Our offerings Bravado. So. And my involvement, to be clear, is I'm in charge of medical care. I'm in charge of overviewing, and I write. I see every note of every patient. Written by every provider every single day. So, and, and the providers that we have. Currently are all nurse practitioners. Some of those, some of whom are FNPs, some are psych NPS, and some are double certified. I am not. Let me tell you what I'm not. I'm not the guy. Who makes the decisions about money. I'm not the guy who makes the final decision about staffing. Even medical staffing. I could. I could make. Please. And I can. I can try to make an argument. I've won some of those. I've lost some of those. But so I'm ultimately responsible for the level of medical care. Making sure that it's excellent, and I'm responsible for training. The nurse practitioners. There's an exception here. South Bend is so. It's South Bend, Indianapolis, Bloomington, Bedford. I'm not sure if you're familiar with Indiana, but South Bend is way north.
Christopher Hume: What's school in South Bend?
mkane: Oh, you did.
Christopher Hume: I'm very familiar with South Bend. Very, very small here.
mkane: Yeah. I love going up there. They've got great places to eat.
Christopher Hume: They do, right?
mkane: But it's for me it's about a three and a half drive, three and a half hour drive there, three and a half hour drive back. So pretty much eat something day. So they are looking for an on site medical provider. Who may in fact. Who may in fact, be on, on deck. I think. I think they think they have one. So that my sphere of influence. May be reduced then to Indianapolis, Bedford and Bloomington. Just put it out there. And want you to know who I am.
Christopher Hume: We certainly understand, especially at the bigger orgs. Dr. K. And that is kind of a. There's a lot of moving pieces. A lot of people have to give a thumbs up. So there's two things I'd like to show for you here and then we can kind of make a decision on next step. So, first, I'd love to show kind of our Jotnell analysis, which we tailor to be more level of care focused. And then I'd love to show you our audit overview. And so this is how someone like you, who oversees all. All that care, um, and review your team's notes at a glance. So you can see. Oh my gosh. It looks like bmhmp Chris is a little maybe being a little loosey goosey with some of the notes and pmhmp, Nate is doing a great job.
mkane: Yeah.
Christopher Hume: So, first, Nate, could I ask you. I know you're kind of deeply involved with most of the analysis here. Um, if you could kind of voice track, kind of how we can help out with doing just a quick analysis of level of care, and then I'll give Dr. Kana a quick overview of John. Audit.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, totally. Okay, so basically what we would do. Doctor Kane is look at your, like the data that you have with your billers. So we look at the documents that you sent them. Um, the proposals in your, in your electronic health record or whatever you use to communicate those. And we try and answer 33 big questions. One, what are you charging for billing, for asking for, um, what's the profile of that? Where is money or approval getting delayed or denied, and why? What's the kind of bar chart of that? And then three. What do we recommend doing? In terms of improving that data. And so that's more of a recommendation based on other practices we've seen in your field. Um, typically, I mean, what we find is all we need is access to your electronic health record or again, whatever you use to interface with your payers. And then we take about a week. We charge, um, typically between 300 and $500 for it, um, one time cost. And then we just sit down and walk you through all the slides.
mkane: Okay?
mkane: That sounds like a pretty good thing. I like that. Yeah.
Christopher Hume: Any questions there, Dr. Kane?
mkane: No.
Christopher Hume: Okay?
mkane: And then I know you would. You would do those three things. Step one, what you're earning today. Where money gets delayed. What changes unlock the most impact. Or between three and five hundred dollars.
Christopher Hume: Correct.
Nathan Peereboom: Yep, that's. That's totally right.
mkane: Okay, okay, I got it. I got.
Nathan Peereboom: It, okay?
Christopher Hume: Other most relevant feature I just want to flag for you and Dr. K. And I know at one point you had a J. Psych account. Do you remember using us?
mkane: I have not used you.
Christopher Hume: Okay, well, then, so I can walk you through the feature, kind of in depth, either now or at a later date. Um, but something that we are incredibly excited about, especially for kind of someone in your position. Um, is our JOT audit overview feature. You'll see here you at a glance as the supervisor can see your clinician when they met with their patient, who the patient is. What type of services provided, what they build, and then we automatically track a they're actually not compliant with. We can either use the standard rules, the standard best practices, or you can customize your rules. So if there's a, I don't know, Blue Cross Blue Shield Indiana or Medicaid Indiana specific rule, we can load that up and then it'll flag for you. Hey, Dr. Jackson. His most recent knows about 20% compliance. You can also look. Kind of the patients overall. And you can see, hey, Becca. Pmhmp Becca is doing a great job. Chris probably needs a little bit of support. I need to step in and do some training.
Christopher Hume: So, you know, there's a lot of things. Of course, we customize your notes. We walked through that template. We'd be able to develop that. For you, without a doubt, but sort of what sets us apart is one kind of that dot analysis and job billing where we can tell you where things are going. Hopefully where they're going. Right. But more likely, we can identify places where things might be going wrong. Um, and then we can also make this a really. This is a really strong. Provision and audit protection tool. For providers in your position.
mkane: When you. Let's say you. Find a provider. There are 37 percent compliant. Can you identify a very specifically where they're not whether non compliance. Is.
Christopher Hume: Yep, absolutely. So you can click, you can drill down. Not sure if you saw me do that, but you go. Oh. Let's see what's happening with Becca. She's 87%. It looks like the issues. Her most recent note was quite low. You click on that note? And it will identify. Hey. Here's a summary of the session. These are the problems.
mkane: Okay, okay. Okay? That would be helpful. I like that. Yeah, that would be helpful. So yeah.
Christopher Hume: See. Kind of bring us back to how I started this and not intentional full circle moment, but worked out pretty well. Kind of two paths ahead here, Dr. Cade. Would you like us to get up and running on that analysis for you, or would you like us to set up a pilot program for your team and so you can. Maybe try this at a kind of on a level that one of your clinics or multiple clinics, and I can walk you through the pricing on that as well, if that would be helpful.
mkane: So I don't. Even though Your price is 300. 500, which is obviously. It doesn't sound like very much money, given what you're offering. I'm not authorized to say, let's go forward with that. I am excited about this, and I. This is very interesting to me, and I. I want to make people who do make those decisions. Aware of this. And maybe I hate to be redundant, but maybe have a similar presentation done with them. Setting up a pilot program with me, I think would be. If that's doable.
Christopher Hume: I don't know.
mkane: Scale wise, if that is doable. But if it is doable, I'm in a better position to argue and persuade. If I. Based on my success, right? Based on my experience of your responsiveness. And my notes are turning out things like that.
Christopher Hume: Perfect.
mkane: That works for us. So for an individual pilot program, tell me what we're looking at, cost wise.
Christopher Hume: Yep. So, I mean, typically, can you see my screen, Dr. K?
mkane: I can, yes.
Christopher Hume: So these are the three options here. So, and to be clear, this is for any number of people, so it doesn't just have to be you. We like to make these as inclusive as possible. So it's just a flat fee based on time for the pilot, not based on number of providers. So two weeks is free. Four weeks is $500 or $4.99 and six weeks is 9.99, so you can choose. Of course, there's some additional features we provide. For the four and six weeks in terms of service. We'll come out and visit you. We'll develop the custom templates for you that is not included in the free two week eyelet, but want to make sure you have plenty of options to choose from.
mkane: Okay? Custom. I'm looking at the four week templates to reference calls. I think that the driver. She? Let's see. I think I'm paying. You know, the scriber gave me I think a four week about. I'm not bargaining with you.
Christopher Hume: I'm just.
mkane: I'm trying to figure, so. I don't know. I think I'm probably past that. For, but I'm not positive. I think that. I think the weak leaf. Excuse me. Monthly fee. Is about 135amonth, something like that. They're not doing what you're doing. You know? They're certainly not. They're not involved in billing. They're not. Doing deep dives into nodes and helping identify weaknesses and strengthen those that support level of care. They're not doing that. I recognize that takes more time and expertise.
Christopher Hume: And. And that's why we try to offer the discounted pilot, Dr. Kane. We want to make sure that you try us out. We hope it's a wonderful experience, and it's really easy to make kind of that commitment at the end, but we want to make sure that you kind of have that comfort. That you have an opportunity to try it and for us to prove it. Before you have to. Yeah, before you commit to anything more than that.
mkane: Or before you pitch it, pitch it to your colleagues.
Christopher Hume: In your case.
mkane: Let's say I do a two week. Pilot. Let's see.
Christopher Hume: Unlimited speech.
mkane: Meaning unlimited patients.
Christopher Hume: That actually means unlimited providers, but it is unlimited patients as well.
mkane: Okay. Unlimited feature. So you probably have template notes, right?
Christopher Hume: Yep. So we have some standard templates that you can use. You can customize them yourself in jobs like or if you'd like to buy a template ala carte, there is $300 if you like our engineers to build build it for you. Or we have two included with that four week program.
mkane: Okay? All right. Well, let's do two things. Why don't we? Let's do the two week pilot program for me and let me. Let me. I'm going to get you in touch with. Decision makers related to money.
Christopher Hume: Perfect.
mkane: The people who are the thumbs up, thumbs down on. Yes, this is something we need, we could use. I've talked about corporate, worldwide. I'm not talking about the three to four centers that I. I manage. Talk about. This is Haven Health Management. They're located. They're based in Florida. They? 12 to 15 centers either.
Christopher Hume: Wonderful.
mkane: Open now or a fewer maybe just in a near horizon being opened one in Puerto Rico. They're going fast, man. They. I mean. This is the truth. Okay. Six years ago, I was brought on. My training is in psychiatry and family medicine. And I used to spend four days a week in primary care, and then I would spend one day a week. Doing mental health, and I was. It was my one day a week as a mental health provider for Indiana University in Bloomington and the medical director. They had ICFR. Was diagnosed with a serious illness from which he later died. And they needed a medical director. And basically, I was. I was the warmest body around. So they invited me over, and it turned out at that time in my life, My sister had died from complications related substance use. Several family members. Who had whose lives had been deeply affected by substance use. So I decided to buy. So six months ago. Six years ago. Excuse me. I came out as medical director for Bloomington, and all we had was. A php program. Parts with hospitalization and an IOP program. Within 30 days, we opened a detox program. And then within another 30 days, we opened a detox residential program in Bloomington. We talk about six years ago and now, you know, we had four centers in Indiana, we had eight centers throughout the country. It's a very, very fast. Private.
Christopher Hume: Unbelievable. Doctor Kane, we actually have an account for you on file. It looks like you briefly created an account in 2024. You used us. Yeah. MK treatmentinda.com.
mkane: that's me.
Christopher Hume: That's you. So if you actually am, I think probably a good use of time here. And I'll have to jump at 10:45, but we'll be making sure you can log into that account or reset your password. And I can help you with that and then maybe setting up a check in next. Week just to see how the experience is going and if we need to make any adjustments during the trial period.
mkane: Yeah. So let's. Let's do that. What probably happened two years, we're talking about 20, 24.
Christopher Hume: Yeah.
mkane: I didn't know what I was doing. Sidetracked, distracted. Back in 2024, I wasn't using. Wasn't even chat GPT. I mean, I. I was slogging through the hard way. So how do I.
Christopher Hume: If you're going to jotsec.com I just sent you the link in the meeting chat. In the type. Excuse me. Top right hand corner, you'll see a button that says log in, login.
mkane: Okay, wait. So. Okay? So this is. The top right hand corner.
Christopher Hume: It's a pink button.
mkane: Top right hand corner. If you go to. Log in, okay.
Christopher Hume: If you press that. It'll take you to a sign in screen.
mkane: Okay? So I clicked on it a few times. Here.
Christopher Hume: Do you see the screen where it asks through your email, Dr.
mkane: Kane? So what I see in front of me now is John Sykes. Get your time back. For behavioral health.
Christopher Hume: Actually, Sorry, I might have made things more confusing by sharing my screen. You might be looking at. Did it just. Do you still see it?
mkane: No, it went away.
Christopher Hume: Okay, could you go into another tab outside of this meeting and just go to j o t p s y c h.
mkane: Okay? Yes, yes. Hold on. Here we go.
Christopher Hume: Jod g iot P s y c h Always a little spelling check.
mkane: Site.com okay. Okay? I see Login perfect. Yeah, another login option.
Christopher Hume: It'll ask you for your email and for your password. And you can say forgot password if you don't remember your password, which a few years ago, pretty. Pretty tough to remember, right?
mkane: Well, you'd think so. I only have, like, three anyway.
Christopher Hume: Well, then maybe you could try. You can always try. Maybe we'll get lucky. It's Friday.
mkane: Okay, let's see if I can get this. Oh, that was. It.
Christopher Hume: There we go. Okay. So are you logged in?
mkane: Okay. Website has a new look. Okay. It looks like. Got it. All right. Now. What?
Christopher Hume: So you're up and running with jots. Like, if you go to the top middle of your screen, you'll see a button that says record.
mkane: I see it. Yes.
Christopher Hume: Yep. If you push that.
mkane: I'm going to push it. Here I go. Y.
Christopher Hume: Ep. Now you're on the recording screen.
mkane: Okay?
Christopher Hume: And this is how you record your sessions with Jotsyc. So I'd be happy to do, kind of, if it'd be useful, an example session with you, just so you can test it out.
mkane: Okay. I see templates. Psychiatric intakes. Psychiatric progress note. Copy Probation. Yeah. This is enough for me to get going.
Christopher Hume: Perfect.
mkane: Do a new encounter. Yeah, I see, I see, I see. Okay, so no title when I put the patient's name.
Christopher Hume: Or you can select it'll above note title. It allows you to select a patient. Do you see that drop down bar?
mkane: Under template. I see patient.
Christopher Hume: Okay. Yep. So if you click on patient. And then I would guess you don't have any patients in there. You can add one if you'd like.
mkane: Well, there's a patient I'm going to see here. I'll put them in. Okay. Create. Okay, so this is going to be a psychiatry intake. Okay pronouns. The hem age. I put that in there, okay. All right. I think. I think I got enough to. Try.
Christopher Hume: Perfect.
mkane: Who could I text and let them know?
Christopher Hume: And we'll follow up. Dr. Kane, since I've got your email, I'll send you a link to my calendar and my cell phone. You'll have my email, my cell phone, my work phone and. Yeah, ability to schedule time with me while I have you on the line. Is there a time next week? That would work. Just to do a quick check in to see how things are going, maybe Wednesday or Thursday. And then you can share also those Haven Health names with me so I can send them some information to see if they're interested.
mkane: Yeah. Okay, I'm thinking. So next Wednesday, I'm in. Seriously. How about Thursday afternoon? Say 1:30?
Christopher Hume: One 30 is perfect for me. Let me get that on the calendar. 30. When. Dr. Kang, could you just let me know when that comes through? Just. I'll make sure I send it to the right email. And can it treatment indiana.
mkane: Updated. It's not come true yet.
Christopher Hume: I still go around the world six times, I guess. Forecast Indiana.
mkane: No doubt.
Christopher Hume: Where in indiana are you based, Dr.
mkane: K? Uzzard. There it is.
Christopher Hume: There it is. Right. Perfect. Could you just push? Yes. Or accept whatever.
mkane: Does. Yes.
Christopher Hume: Perfect.
mkane: So my. You know, I live in Bloomington. I guess you would call that my base of operations.
Christopher Hume: Well, it's been a few years since I've been to Indiana, but I'm sure it's a little colder there than it is in D.C. right now.
mkane: It is a little bit.
Christopher Hume: We've had.
mkane: We did enjoy good football season.
Christopher Hume: I know, for the. For Bloomington, not so much for the. The residents of South Bend, but there's always next year for Notre Dame fans.
Nathan Peereboom: Hey, folks, I'm so sorry. I have to run.
Christopher Hume: Dr.
Nathan Peereboom: Kane. Really excited here, and you're in great hands of Chris. Let me know if you need anything, ok?
mkane: Nathan, thank you so much. I appreciate it.
Nathan Peereboom: All right, take care. Bye.
Christopher Hume: Bye.
mkane: Bye.
Christopher Hume: Well, doctor, can. Is there anything else I can help you with today before you get up and running? A follow up with all my info, but anything else that can help with before then?
mkane: I don't think so. This has been very helpful, Chris. I appreciate it.
Christopher Hume: No, of course.
mkane: Do I have your access to texting you?
Christopher Hume: Yes, you will. When I send you the email with my info. On my. Yeah, my work mobile as well.
mkane: Okay? Okay. Hey, thank you so much.
Christopher Hume: Thank you.
mkane: Thanks for making the time. This has been helpful and. Yeah. I'm going to make other people aware of this wonderful. For sure. Yeah.
Christopher Hume: Awesome. Appreciate it, Dr. Kane.
mkane: Have a great day.
mkane: Chat next week. Bye. Bye.