Adam Harrison: Hi, rebecca.
Rebecca Andrews: Hello. How are you?
Adam Harrison: I am well. How are you?
Rebecca Andrews: I am cold.
Adam Harrison: Remind me where you're based out of, Rebecca.
Rebecca Andrews: I'm in Dallas.
Adam Harrison: Okay. Did you guys get any of this, like, weather that we were having?
Rebecca Andrews: Yes.
Adam Harrison: Over the weekend.
Rebecca Andrews: Yes. And people don't know how to drive in this weather, and the city is not prepared to handle it. Like, if this was Maryland or Boston, Washington, D.C. you know, everybody would be going to work. Everybody would be. The kids would be in school. But, you know, the city is basically kind of shut down because we're one big chunk of ice and snow, and they're not prepared to remove that kind of stuff from the streets.
Adam Harrison: Totally. And you got snow down there, too.
Rebecca Andrews: Yeah, we got snow and we got ice.
Adam Harrison: Oh, yeah.
Rebecca Andrews: So the ice fell first, and then the snow and then more ice, so.
Adam Harrison: Oh, my God. That's a bad combination.
Rebecca Andrews: Yes, it is. Yes, it is. And that's why they're telling everybody to stay home and don't use a lot of electricity. You don't need it, because our power grid is not designed to handle this. So. Yeah, I mean. Yeah, that's what we're doing over here.
Adam Harrison: Wow. Okay. Well, that is certainly. Yeah, that is something. We are also. I'm in New York, in New York City, and we got probably, like, a foot of snow here, but, you know, we. There's certainly a lot more than, like, we typically get, but it feels like, you know, a lot of things are already getting plowed, and. But it's still pretty gnarly out here, so I'm trying to lay low myself.
Rebecca Andrews: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. So I've been out this morning shoveling ice and snow so that I could take my doggies out.
Adam Harrison: Yeah. And I'm just looking up the weather. It looks like it's pretty cold there in Dallas.
Rebecca Andrews: Yeah.
Adam Harrison: I didn't know it got that cold.
Rebecca Andrews: Yeah, it can, because that's, like, the temperature here. Yes, it can. And this has evolved. I mean, I've been in Dallas for over 40 years. I was born and raised in southwest Louisiana, down by New Orleans. And that kind of area. So I'm used. I'm very comfortable with, you know, water, floods, rain, that's what we got there. Winds, hurricanes, you know, but all of the ice in the snow when it started happening here and it used to not happen like that here. So it's just over the past 40 years, I've seen things just get it, you know, progressively worse in that area. But you know, we're all trying to figure it out and you know, some of us are more prepared than, than others because they think, oh, you know, this, this is never going to happen to us again. This is just kind of like a one time thing and starting to happen every winter. So it's.
Rebecca Andrews: Yeah, you know, that's for sure.
Adam Harrison: That's for sure. It feels like it's happening more and more. Yeah. Yeah.
Rebecca Andrews: So what we're gonna do today with eligibility, Right, we're gonna talk about it.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, yeah. That's what I was hoping to cover today maybe just because, you know, I think maybe we could start out just a little bit of kind of on sort of reintroductions if that's okay. I know you spoke with Nate and Jackson, you know, a few times and I think we, we may be connected. Back in December, I was on kind of a joint call that Nate was leading. But yeah, I would love to start maybe just kind of, you know. Yeah, do a quick, quick intros. Just so. Just because I'm probably going to be more of like your point person going forward with, you know, some involvement from Nate and Jackson. So would love to just start there before we get into eligibility. So I can definitely, you know, start out if that works.
Rebecca Andrews: Yeah, that works.
Adam Harrison: Awesome. So yeah, like I mentioned, my name is Adam. I am kind of heading up all things billing and eligibility and RCM here at JOT Psych along with Nate and Jackson. But I'm a little bit more going to be in the day to day.
Rebecca Andrews: Okay.
Adam Harrison: You know, as far as my background, you know, I started out in management consulting and private equity and that was where I met Nate, you know, a few years back at our. We. We have the same, you know, employer for our last job. And I've been at jots like now for the past year or so and have, you know, worked across kind of the whole business. Worked on some product stuff, worked on some sales and marketing things, worked on some kind of customer focused things. And now I'm kind of leading this billing initiative. Yeah, that's a little bit of just the context on me. I think as we think about. Billing and rcm. You know, our, our sense is everything really starts with eligibility because if you get eligibility wrong, of course you're going to have issues when it comes to, you know, submit a claim and collect on that claim and all that good stuff. So that's why I wanted to kind of start our conversation there today, but, you know, would love to kind of move through on subsequent calls. You know, maybe we do like one of these a week or something where, you know, next, next we can maybe talk about, you know, onboarding a new clinic and then maybe we could talk about things like credentialing or, you know, how you kind of, what your process is for scrubbing, creating claims, managing appeals, et cetera, et cetera. So I, I think we'll sort of get more downstream as we go through here, but would love, I think for, you know, just to start out, start within, starting with eligibility because that, that seems to be where this whole thing begins. So. Yeah, I'll pause there, I guess. Would love to hear kind of about yourself as well.
Rebecca Andrews: Okay, so I, before I get started, I do have some questions for you. Yes, it's going to help me be a better source of help to you. So I know you said you worked on the private equity side and you know, and then you did some marketing and things like was that in the arena of health care?
Adam Harrison: It was a mix. So it was a lot of different arenas. So some of it health care, some of it, you know, more kind of in the software world, some of it more in the consumer world. So it was, you know, a pretty broad kind of mix of things.
Rebecca Andrews: Okay. And so what's your experience in the revenue cycle world?
Adam Harrison: I am pretty new to the world, to be honest.
Rebecca Andrews: So, yeah, I think so that I can be a better source of help to you. And I don't that you know something and don't say it. So I'll say it and you can just say, oh, I knew that and I'm going to be cool.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, that is, that is probably a good path to take. You know, I'm trying to ramp up and learn everything. I think I have, you know, learned a lot more versus where I was maybe a month or two ago. But definitely, I think if you are thinking maybe he knows this, maybe he doesn't. Definitely a good default is probably he doesn't know. So that's great question. Thank you.
Rebecca Andrews: Yeah, so that gives me better understanding of. You know what my role is going to be here and what's needed. So. I'm Rebecca Andrews. I own CBM Medical Management. CBM has been in business for as of January 22, 26 years.
Adam Harrison: Wow. Congratulations.
Rebecca Andrews: Thank you. Honestly, it's been a hard road. I don't know what other billers would say, but for me it's been a very up and down road where you, you know, you have a lot of clients and you're making good revenue. And then my, my experience has been that I attract the clients that's looking to start a business or has just started a business and they're stuck. They don't, you know, they know that they need billing help. And typically what happens to us is we come in and we offer that full revenue cycle billing help and, and then the clients grow to be like where they want to be, which is large or mid size or monster or super, super giant and then they leave and then we've got to go back to, you know, okay, we need some clients so we gotta, you know, start calling on some referrals and things like that. So that's kind of been my cycle of business. My, my experience is I was a financial counselor and revenue cycle manager, well, financial counselor and office manager. And we had billing companies in some of the places I worked. And I just always felt like I could do it better than them because there were so many questions I'd asked that they couldn't answer. They never thought of it. And I don't know, I just feel like I was created to do revenue cycle.
Rebecca Andrews: So in that, in that path of doing revenue cycle, I've opened up my own medical bill in school, had that for a year, shut that down because CDM started getting busy. I've taught at other post secondary colleges as a medical billing and coding instructor. I've said on the, I said as the chair of the program, been the entire school supervisor because I always took the night shift. Now CBM probably about five years ago now realized that because of the kinds of clients that we get, they also needed help with. Scheduling and training and how to schedule and what's the best way to manage a schedule in an office. And so you can get as many clients as possible and navigating the waters with, you know, patients questions and statements and account questions. And so because of that, we have opened. About five years ago, we started a virtual assistant business. So as a part of cbm, we offer virtual assistance. We have two services under our virtual assistants line of business and that is you can either purchase our front desk service where you get a whole team for X number of dollars, where you know, everybody on that team will be be taught and updated on how to answer your phone, schedule your calls, whatever you purchase from us, or you could get a designated rep where you're only working with one person, there's only one person to answer your calls, that's the only person that's going to answer your calls. So it just depends on what you're looking for. So under the realm of revenue cycle, we offer everything from insurance verification down to statements. And that's, that's, I think that's one of the reasons why we attract a lot of the providers that are getting started in business and looking to, to grow and making sure that they get a good solid start. That's awesome.
Adam Harrison: Got it. Super, super helpful. And can you help me understand kind of like the different, like how do you sort of bundle or offer those different services? Is it like, you know, do you sort of offer like eligibility as one package, you know, billing, submitting claims, managing the whole claim life cycle as another service? Is it sort of an all in one deal? Like it wouldn't really make sense for you to only do eligibility. For example, like how, how modular is everything? Or is it sort of like, hey, this is our like offering, you know, it's kind of all in one and you can sort of maybe exclude certain things if you, if you don't want them. But how does that typically work with your clients?
Rebecca Andrews: It's the revenue cycle is usually packaged together. The only caveat and so is the front, the, the, the virtual assistant business, you can either do front desk, which again same thing that you get a whole team of people to enter your calls, or you can do an individual, a designated rep. Now the one caveat that. Between both lines of business is the insurance verification. They can purchase an insurance verification rep or and that insurance verification rep, if that's all they want from us and they don't want revenue cycle, then that insurance verification rep is treated like a designated rep. So if you wanted somebody to take your calls and do your insurance verification and you were a mid sized practice and you're seeing about 15 to 20 patients a day, then my recommendation is that you have two people. You have a designated front desk rep that's going to take your call, schedule your patients, and then you have an insurance verification rep. And when that IV rep is not busy, she's cross trained to help with the phones. So you're setting yourself up for success that way. On the other side, if you're not interested in a front desk representative and you want our entire revenue cycle package, then insurance verification becomes a part of the contract that signed for revenue cycle with a fee attached. Same fee as if you get a designated rep, either full time or part time, but it shows up on your invoice as a separate line item.
Adam Harrison: Got it, Got it. Okay. And so they'd be charged, how would they be billed for the eligibility checks in that case? Is it just based on like how many hours the front, the sort of fractional front desk person spends on doing those verifications of insurance?
Rebecca Andrews: No. So the way that it works is you either get a full time rep, which is $2,000, which most people for insurance verification does not need. A full time rep?
Rebecca Andrews: Yeah, unless you're a fairly large practice like Dr. Shamali, they need a full time rep that I was not charging them that way. I've changed up some things since I worked with Dr. Shamali's office. That's Michigan Advanced Psychiatry. I know Nate collaborates with him.
Rebecca Andrews: He's the one who recommended me to Nate. So they usually get a part time rep and that part time rep is $1,000 a month. So if they sign the contract for revenue cycle, that includes insurance verification, then they're going to get charged a percentage of what we collect. Depending on what state they're in, they're going to get charged a percentage of what they collect of what we collect for them. And that's one line item on their invoice. And the sales. Second line item is going to be insurance verification and that would be like $1,000.
Adam Harrison: So.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, got it, got it. Okay. Super, super helpful. And does the percentage depend on, you said the state, does it also depend on, like, are there different tiers of service you can opt into? Where one is maybe like, you know, 4% and then a higher tier of service would be like 5%, 6%, whatever it may be. Or is it purely just the state and the sort of complexity of that state?
Rebecca Andrews: No, it's not. What drives my business is if, with percentage versus flat rate is if you're in a state that the provider is advised, according to state regulation, that they are not to fee split. I think one of those states might actually be New York. I think those states are New York where the provider are advised not to fee split. And so then if I got one of those providers that's interested in our service, then I would certainly just charge them a flat rate.
Rebecca Andrews: That flat rate would be based on the number of claims and the value of those claims. So here's some background information, Adam, that I don't share with a whole lot of people to states that cannot fee split. Basically what I do is I figure out what's the percentage. So my average percentage that I charge because I'm an American based company that hires Americans and I hire back office people as well, but the majority of the leadership in my business is Americans. You obviously know Americans need quite a bit of money to live off on. So my percentage includes, you know, what it's going to cost me to do business with this provider as well as profit. Right. So the way that I do things is the more money you make, the lower your percentage. And my percentage, depending on the amount of money you make, can go as low as 4% and it can be as high as 8%.
Adam Harrison: So if you.
Rebecca Andrews: Dr. You're in a state where I can charge percentage and you're not making, you know, let's say you're making, I don't know, five, six hundred dollars a month, that's probably going to be somewhere around eight, twenty. No. And I kind of fluctuate a little bit too, Adam, because if I can see that this provider just really needs a financial. Break so that they can get started and they're gonna be a big client, you know, a monster kinda in the waiting. Then I'm gonna cut them a great deal and I'm gonna charge them a 500. This is what my contract is gonna say. I'm gonna charge you 500 per month or 7%, whichever is the highest. So that gives him that low fee to get started with me, and then I can help him build until we can start charging 7%. Now, the percentage thing still works the same. If he gets up to 500, 600, $800,000 a month, then that fee is gonna, that percentage is going to get dropped at different intervals of income. Does that make sense?
Adam Harrison: Yeah, super helpful. And it's interesting. You build based on the size of the clinic. Is that because, like, for you, you know, it's sort of more expensive, for example, to have, or it like costs you more to operate and serve, you know, 100 small clinics versus 10 large clinics, you know, assuming both do the same total amount of revenue or like, you know, revenue. Right. So is that, is that the reason? Is it because, like, these smaller clinics, they just sort of add up and add operational complexity for your team to sort of manage? Is that the right way to think about it?
Rebecca Andrews: I don't know that I understand your question. Can you say that again?
Adam Harrison: Oh, yeah, I guess. Like a small clinic at 8% versus a large clinic at 4%. You know, I guess I'm curious. The small ones, you're charging more just because they have less revenue that comes through to you.
Adam Harrison: And so for you to cover your costs, you need to be taking a larger share, Is that kind of right?
Rebecca Andrews: Yes, yes.
Adam Harrison: Okay.
Rebecca Andrews: However, and if they're not producing a lot, that 8% is going to be a very small dollar amount.
Adam Harrison: Right.
Rebecca Andrews: But it's got to at least be enough to cover the cost of doing business. And on some of my small clinics, again, if I can see that they're marketing their work, they, they're, they, you know, on the discovery call, they're able to show me that they're marketing, they're working really hard, they're building referrals, and I can see that their numbers are growing, then I'm probably going to start them out. Out at that flat $500 rate or 7%.
Rebecca Andrews: That's something we actually started doing in 2026. Starting. The smaller providers at that $500 rate are 7%, whichever one is the greatest. And then we put them on the tier. They. They get on that tier schedule. So if they're, you know, they're at 7% and they're making, you know, they get to the point where they're bringing in $150,000 a month, for example, we're gonna. And we're gonna wait until. And see that that's consistent, that they're at least, you know, tipping the. The scale at 150,000amonth or more. Maybe 156, 159, 150. They're hovering around that. That area. Then we're gonna lower their percentage to 6%.
Adam Harrison: Makes sense. Makes sense. I do want to zoom out a little bit when we think about, you know, cbm. Can you help me dimensionalize what this kind of looks like for you in terms of, like, do you just do behavioral health? Do you have a broader focus as well? You know, know how many different clinics do you serve at once? Are those, you know, do those tend to be, like, what's the average size look like? You know, what's sort of the smallest versus the largest clinic? Help me understand a little bit of, like, you know, those dimensions, if you would.
Rebecca Andrews: Yeah, that's a great question. So we are primarily mental health. That's okay. That's a calling for me. I feel like I've been called to help those people that are helping the hurting, and I will. That's my focus, and that's pretty much where I suspect, until I roll on into retirement, that's going to be where I stay day. Now, I do have a couple of clients that are speech therapists and occupational therapists, but they work with children. I've got another client that is. She's an ABA analyst. I think that's the way you call it. She, again, works with children. So to me, that's hurting people, so I can continue to roll with them. They showed up on my doorstep through a referral. So I talked and I talked to them. I prayed about it because I'm a praying woman. And I felt like, okay, this, this is okay for me to do, so I did. But we are, I would say, 90% mental health. That's where I want to stay because there's such a need for it. And the mental health provider population, they inherently make less money than any other specialty out there. Radiologists typically make more money than the average therapist, psychologists and psychiatrists, depending on where they are in terms of business or directly employed. And I think that's horrible. So I've kind of made it my personal challenge in this world to make sure that those folks make as much money as possible. That is good, clean money that they can keep. Nobody's going to come back and try to take it away from them. So we all engage in no shady stuff. But if it's something that they can perform within their scope of license and they're comfortable doing it, then I'm constantly looking for ways to advise my, my clients on, hey, have you considered adding this to your practice? It would be, you know, helpful to your patients. It would also boost your revenue. So my main focus right now for 2026 is TMS clients and Spavado clients. One, we need the revenue. And two, those are some. Those two treatments have made significant difference in a number of patients that I have directly been able to watch walk through this. And I don't want to turn my focus away from therapists and psychologists. If they come knocking at the door, then I'm definitely going to take them. But if they don't, my pursue focus, who I'm going to pursue in terms of marketing is TMS clinics and Spobado clinics.
Adam Harrison: Gotcha. And just makes total sense. And that's great to hear that you're very sort of mission driven about the whole category of mental health. I think that's really inspiring to hear. If you were to sort of. Kind of help me dimensionalize the breakdown across maybe therapy, maybe psychology, psychiatry, be that tms, Spavado or just regular psychiatric, you know, what would that sort of look like?
Rebecca Andrews: Like in terms of my business? Are you asking?
Adam Harrison: Yeah, your, your business.
Rebecca Andrews: Roughly how many providers do I have or what are my mix of providers? Would that be a way of asking?
Adam Harrison: Yeah, something like that. I'm just curious if it's like, you know, I've got.
Rebecca Andrews: No, it's not. I would say at this point in time I've got more therapists than I've got psychiatrists. For sure. For sure. Are people that own a Spavado clinic and a psychiat, some sort of psychiatric clinic. So I definitely at this point have more therapists. We need for us to be able to keep our revenue up, we need to engage with higher producing providers. And so that's why we're going. That's one of the other reasons why we're going after TMS and spobado folks.
Adam Harrison: Got it, got it. Great. And then sort of last question, you know, roughly how many clinics are you, are you working with at any given time?
Rebecca Andrews: It can range from 12 to 20.
Adam Harrison: Okay. And then you talked a little bit about, hey, this is a small clinic, you know, that's maybe 8% and maybe they just need a part time person for eligibility. And then there's also larger clinics, right. That might be, you know, a lower fee and might need a full time person. Like what, what is. Where, where do you kind of draw the lines there in terms of number of providers?
Rebecca Andrews: I would say that's a tough question because of the way that we manage the insurance verification. But in terms of number of providers, I would say two or more full time providers. You're going to need at the minimum one full time person to do insurance verification.
Rebecca Andrews: If you have two providers, two full time providers, okay, you're going to need one full time person. And I would think that even if you bring on like another third like part time person, that one full time rep can handle that two and a half. But when you flip over to three. Then you're going to need a second insurance verification rep. Now that is only if you are doing insurance verification the way we recommend doing it. And we'll get into that. That's a mixture of calls and online.
Rebecca Andrews: Now if you're not going to do insurance verification with a mixture of call and online, then you should be able to do three or four providers with one insurance, one full time insurance verification rep. If everything is going to be online, then you should be able to do use one full time insurance verification rep for three to four providers. Four might be pushing it. She might, she will need to be or he will need to be very organized and make sure that they're staying on top of their work. But for sure, if you've got three, one should be able to do that with no problem. And again, only if you're doing it online could that person handle three to four providers. And it might even be more than that. It because online, if you're going to do it online and you're going to do it, you know, via a web portal or something like that, I mean you might be able to even do more than four, maybe up to six full time providers if all of it is only online. But if you putting some calls in there, then you're going to need additional help.
Adam Harrison: Gotcha. Super helpful. Maybe just on that note, I'd love to maybe understand like let's say tomorrow you have a new clinic of five providers. Just for an example, let's say all psychiatry, no tms, no Spavado, just like kind of more basic med management and maybe some psychotherapy as well. What would be from your team, you know, what would be the team that you would say, hey, you know, this is sort of like the team I need to resource for this client. It sounds like maybe there's at least one, maybe two people just doing eligibility and then I'm assuming you're going to have people that are doing, you know, the actual billing, right. And then maybe there's some other folks as well and maybe you're involved or maybe you have like a supervisor on the account. I'm not totally sure. But if you had like a new clinic of five people, what would be like the team that you would put together? Together for that account.
Rebecca Andrews: Okay, good question. So, number one, I would tell my revenue cycle manager, we got a new client, there's going to be five providers. We would assign one collector. We would. Given the fact that you're saying no TMS and no spobado, there would be one collector. It would be a half of a dealer. It would be a. So one collector, half of a biller, one payment or half of a payment poster. Because most of their posting should be era and maybe a few things coming in view of paper, but that shouldn't be a lot. And I would just tell our statements department, you got another client you got to run statements for. And I definitely wouldn't add anybody to that department. They would just absorb that patient that. That clinic and insurance verification. Again, if they want calls on all brand new patients and online verification with all established patients, then I would need at least two people. If they are okay with only online insurance verification, then it would be one person.
Adam Harrison: Okay, got it. And then. Sorry, maybe a few. This is probably some of my ignorance here showing. So apologies for that. But before, when you say like a collector versus a biller versus a payment poster versus someone in statements like how. How do the. What are the differences in each of those roles?
Rebecca Andrews: Okay, great.
Rebecca Andrews: Yeah, yeah, that's a great question. So. And thank you, Adam, for letting me do this because this is what I love to do.
Adam Harrison: This is what teaching.
Rebecca Andrews: And I love to teach.
Adam Harrison: So I have a lot of questions.
Rebecca Andrews: So there'll be no.
Adam Harrison: No shortage of teach. And I know very little. So there'll be no shortage of teaching opportunities.
Rebecca Andrews: Awesome. So the collector, they work and they make up the collections department. I usually have anywhere between. I usually run with no less than four, especially if we got 20 clients. Just because if somebody calls out sick, take vacation, end up with an extended illness, we still got the majority coverage. Right. We would have to look for somebody else to come on and help us, but we still got majority coverage. So a collector is somebody that's going to status the claims. They're going to determine what needs to be done. They're going to work denials, they're going to do appeals. Okay. That's what a collector. Going to do. They're going to status the claims, they're going to work the denials, they're going to do the. They're going to send in appeals if a claim needs to be appealed. And here's something really important that I feel like that we offer. They're going to track the denial trends so that when we meet with that client on our weekly or bi weekly or monthly call, because we do those with our clients, then we're able to present to them. Here's a list of your denial trends and things that they need to look for. Like for an example, we're following up on their claims and they are consistently billing Blue Cross Blue Shilla, Michigan. They told us they were in the network with Blue Cross Blue Shilla of Michigan, but that their claims are consistently denying for not being in the network. So that's a denial trend that they've got to go back and fix or they got to get their credentialing team engaged on going back and fix it. Now, if we were the ones doing the credentialing for them, because we do have a credentialing department, denial came in, that collection rep would forward that denial to the credentialer and say, hey, listen, I thought we got this group credentialed with Blue Cross Blue Shilla, Michigan. The credential would probably say, yes, we did.
Rebecca Andrews: It was completed way back in July of 2025. And so that those two would kind of collaborate to try to get those claims fixed, but that would still be placed on a denial trend list.
Rebecca Andrews: The department is really just made up of one girl and all she does is go behind the payment posting person and all they do is she what she does what I call is she balance out accounts. She makes sure that the claims were correctly adjudicated and that the balance reflecting on that patient's account is correct. So she audits the accounts and then at the end of the month she goes in and she runs all the statements. She will audit the statements to make sure they print it correctly, they look professional, all of that. And then she emails them to all of the patients as well as she sends a copy to the office so that they will have a record when patients come in. Hey, this is your balance.
Adam Harrison: One question on that. In terms of the flow of money, From, you know, insurance eventually to the clinician. Does that, does that flow through CBM and then to the clinician? Like, does it flow into an account that you sort of control or have access to and then to the clinician, or do the payments directly go to the clinician's bank account? And you are kind of like doing reconciliations based off of like all the eras that you're. You're getting separately.
Rebecca Andrews: Yeah. The answer to that is no. The way that we work with providers, if we're just in a revenue cycle relationship, then all of the money goes to the provider's bank account and it should be going there by eft. So hopefully the provider doing the credentialing process, they were set up for eft. And if by some chance they're not, then all of the checks, hard paper checks, should be getting mailed to the provider's location. And of course, they've got to make the trip to the bank to deposit those checks. But CBM does not collect any providers monies. The provider is then responsible for getting us the money or the copy of the check so that we can then post the payments and reconcile, adjudicate the account.
Adam Harrison: Got it. Okay, super helpful. Thank you.
Rebecca Andrews: Yeah, Great.
Adam Harrison: Let me see where we were. So, yeah, I think. I think that sort of covers a lot of my initial questions. And also I think I got a little bit of sidetracked because now I'm just checking the time. We're sort of 45 minutes in, and I don't think we've really gotten much to eligibility, which was my main sort of intended topic for today. But I think, you know, that's totally on me. I had a bunch of other questions and I thought, you know, this is also like a really helpful use of time, so I'm totally okay to sort of like, not necessarily get through everything on eligibility. Maybe one question, Rebecca, do you have like maybe 15 minutes to run over or do you have to go right at the hour?
Rebecca Andrews: No. Let me see when my next call is. I think I'm good. I think I'm good. Let me see. Just a second here.
Adam Harrison: No rush.
Rebecca Andrews: Yeah. I will have to stop on the hour because my next call starts at 12.
Adam Harrison: Okay, no worries at all.
Rebecca Andrews: You know what, it looks so far like I'm free on Friday. I could do a call on Friday, like, at the same time if you wanted to just kind of reserve that spot.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, let me go ahead and do that. And I was going to also ask. It might be helpful just to get some, like, recurring weekly time if there's a time that looks good for you. But yeah, let's. Let's start just with Friday, and then Friday we can kind of look at the calendar and, you know, decide, you know, what would be a good, like, regular time for. For you.
Rebecca Andrews: Yeah, I like it. I think that's a. And that works best for my schedule so that I can make sure that I'm available and, you know, I have no distractions going on with people reaching out to me on teams, so. Totally.
Adam Harrison: Okay. So, yeah, we'll. We'll find. I just sent an invite for Friday at the same time.
Adam Harrison: And then, yeah, we'll try to just get some regular time, and that'll just be easiest from, like, a. A scheduling point of view. Um, perfect. Oh, one other question, Rebecca, I'm curious. Do you. Which states do you have experience in billing? And I'm curious, like, how much state by state is there, like, a big learning curve between them? And. Yeah, that was sort of. I was just. Is it like a totally different ball game or it's like, hey, there's 5, 10%. That's different. That's my last question. And then Maybe we'll spend 10 minutes on eligibility and we can kind of pick up on Friday.
Rebecca Andrews: Okay. There are some variables, but they're. In my opinion, they're not. They're not killer variables. But I will tell you that billers from the east, like New York, Rhode Island, Massachusetts, they tend to use the fact that there are some differences in their states and that they're experts in those states as a selling tool to keep their providers and to not have them use. Provide. Use billing companies that are located in other areas.
Adam Harrison: Okay. So it's more of a sales thing than a real.
Rebecca Andrews: That's my opinion, Adam. Now, if you talk to one of these folks, like, I know you guys are. Are contracted with Michelle. Michelle is in Colorado. Michelle. I love Michelle, by the way. We've connected on a personal level outside of.
Adam Harrison: Oh, awesome.
Rebecca Andrews: Yeah. So she may have a difference of opinion. Opinion. But from where I'm sitting, with 40 years of experience in the healthcare field and 26 of those years doing medical billing and coding, nothing scares me. I might need to go read the law to figure out, you know, what I need to do here, or go read the insurance company's clinical policy guidelines to figure out what we actually need to do. But it's not something that scares me.
Adam Harrison: Gotcha. Okay, super helpful. I'm curious, do you have experience in, like, which. Which states have you? I guess the state is really just the state that your client is in, right?
Rebecca Andrews: Yeah, it's whenever the state is client, the client is in. Right now, we got pretty large population in Georgia. We just took on a client that I think is in Illinois. We've got a couple in Florida. We've got one that's in Idaho and Oregon. We've got some in Texas. So it's. It's really a pretty broad. Pretty broad when it comes to the United States. Now, I will tell you very candidly, I try to stay away from the East. I don't go. I don't go seeking people that are in the East. But if a provider from New York or Rhode island or New Jersey or Massachusetts show up on my doorstep, I'm not turning them away.
Adam Harrison: Mm, Gotcha. Okay, super helpful. All right. Maybe I'll try to spend just, like five or so minutes now on eligibility. And I. You know, my sense is, Rebecca, and you should correct me if I'm wrong here, but like you mentioned, a big focus for you is on TMS and Spavado. I imagine, because those are such, you know, high sort of ticket or, you know, expensive services, that those would be things that maybe there is additional complexity with eligibility or additional, you know, phone calling versus portal kind of checking versus maybe, like, for a therap, you know, more basic therapy or even more basic, like, psychiatry. Is that like, a fair. A fair starting kind of claim to say, or do you think it's pretty consistent across the board?
Rebecca Andrews: Yes, I think that you're 100% right. Because Spavado and TMS, they require presert. They require close. Watch of the claims. You gotta call on the first patient you gotta make. It's definitely a more detailed service and it is a higher ticket item. So, yes, I would say insurance verification for those two would be a bit more complicated.
Adam Harrison: Got it. Okay. That's a good. So maybe just for this conversation and when we continue Friday, I'd love to maybe focus more on sort of everything except TMS and Spavado to start out, just because those will be a little bit. Those will behave a little bit differently, it sounds like. So I'd love to focus more on just like, you know, more of the typical psychiatrist or therapist. So my, my first question would be for those psychiatrists and therapists, what's like, your, your sort of like standard process? I'm imagining you're doing maybe a portal check via something like availity or others to start and then calling, you know, if there is maybe like some criteria happens or something looks off in the portal. Is that, is that like the basic approach you tend to take with most your clients?
Rebecca Andrews: No, my. And I'm hoping I heard you right. So the basic approach that right now that we're doing with any client, we call on all new patients, we call what we call a full insurance verification. We have a form we fill out. We.
Rebecca Andrews: If they're therapy or psychology, then, you know, we're going to ask, are those codes covered under that client's policy, you know, et cetera, et cetera. And then as that client continue to come in, then we're going to just be checking on the portal. Accumulations and eligibility. That's the only thing on the portal that you can really trust 50% of the time. So, Adam, I know I'm going to go five minutes over with you because this is important if you're going to be leading this part of the business. Right. The portals that we use to check benefits. Eligibility. Accumulations. Eligibility is just whether or not a patient is listed on the insurance policy. And does it have an active date, meaning does it show that that patient has active coverage? All right. That's all eligibility is. Accumulations is whether or not they've met their deductible. Where are they with their deductible? Have they met their odd. Pocket. Where are they with their out of pocket? Has the family met their out of pocket? Where are they as a family with reaching their out of pocket maximum and whether or not you know the patient is going to pay a copay or coinsurance and things like that, the portal can be good for that. But there's one, and this is why I call a lot. One strong reason why you always want to employ a phone call to the insurance carrier initially and every time something doesn't add up is because those portals are updated by the insurance carriers and the insurance carriers only update those portals ever so often. Like availability is only updated like every six to 12 weeks and that update comes to them electronically. And it's up to the availability IT department to get that update loaded into that into Availability system so that it reflects when we go and check the benefits for a patient. That is why it is not abnormal if all you do is use a portal. It is very easy for a provider to render service to a client that on the portal they're showing like they had benefits and they were eligible. But when the claim gets to the insurance carrier because there's more data in the the insurance carrier system, the claim denies because the patient wasn't covered at the time of service. That is why we call. That is why we call. That's why we call. Now calls are expensive and providers, I'm going to tell you the truth, they don't want to pay the price for a call.
Rebecca Andrews: But if you don't call even initially and if you don't call at some point in time throughout the length of treatment for that patient, then it's super easy for you to end up treating a patient that doesn't really have coverage.
Adam Harrison: So this is super helpful. Rebecca, I have a bunch of questions. I'll try to just keep to the most, maybe critical ones. Let's say you only did the portal check.
Rebecca Andrews: Yeah.
Adam Harrison: You never called for a clinic doing that. I'm curious, what would be the percent of claims that you would expect to be denied due to eligibility issues versus if you call it.
Rebecca Andrews: Yeah, yeah, I see where you're going. You're doing a comparison to calling versus portal.
Adam Harrison: Exactly.
Rebecca Andrews: I would say you could expect at least a 20 to 25% increase in denials for eligibility compared to calling. Even if, because if you call, I mean you're going to be told directly by you're getting the information from the horse's mouth.
Rebecca Andrews: Totally are looking at what's in their system. But when you're getting it from the portal, what people don't know, I believe or keep in mind, because I do believe a lot of well versed dealers do know this, that the information that they're looking at could be old and it just hasn't updated yet.
Adam Harrison: So, so sorry, just, just to make sure I understand. So if you are doing say 100 patients only portal check, what would you expect like 5% of those to get denied? 1%, 10% with just a portal check in your like rough experience? Just directional obviously. I know this is like probably a hard thing to answer, right.
Rebecca Andrews: I would say the minimum 5% and I would hate it if it was 10.
Adam Harrison: Okay, 5 to 10 or just portal and then if you call, you know, maybe that goes down to maybe like three to five. Three to five. Okay, that's helpful. That, that just helps me sort of like conceptualize this a little bit better.
Rebecca Andrews: Right.
Adam Harrison: And then the other quick question I had is so on the portal I think you outlined it really nicely of like you can check benefits, you can check eligibility and accumulations. When you're calling obviously you can ask for other things like CPT codes, whether there are visit limits, whether telehealth is covered or not, whether there are like referral, prior auth requirements. I'm curious, when you make a call, what are the things that you are checking for and is it different than what's in the portal or are you just really trying to say I'm checking the same things that are in the portal, you know, benefits, eligibility and accumulations. But I don't trust that the portal is up to date.
Rebecca Andrews: It's the latter.
Adam Harrison: It's the latter.
Rebecca Andrews: Okay. It's the latter. Now I will say this to give the portal credit. There are some portals that it will reflect whether or not telehealth or it will reflect whether or not telehealth or telehealth is covered, whether or not certain codes are covered, it will reflect. That, but in my opinion, it can be initially until you get used to where you go to look for that stuff, it can be difficult to be sure that you're looking at the right thing versus picking up a call, picking up the phone. Yes, you got to deal with the long hold time, but you also are gonna get, nine times out of ten, you, you're gonna get the correct information.
Rebecca Andrews: Now let me just tell you something about calling. Sometimes in order for you to get the correct information, you gotta call two or three times because you have reps that will give you information that you know is not right. It just doesn't feel right. You're gonna feel it. You're gonna. No, this is, this is not right. Like for example, they may tell you an office visit is not covered on this patient's plan. Well, you know, that's not right. You know, every patient's plan is got an office visit coverage. So it's it. That's the difference.
Adam Harrison: Got it. And sorry, I know we're over time, but just one super quick last thing and we can talk more about this on Friday, but when you call, are you, do you have like a script that you follow? And you know, I'm curious if you are asking like, hey, do you cover, you know, a 99214 for this? You know, I'm curious if you're asking for specific CPT codes, are you asking about visit limits, you know, prior auth or referral, PCP referral things, or are you really just doing kind of the check on hey, is this coverage active? You know, and are they eligible for outpatient mental health and what's kind of the deductible status? That, that's one thing I'm curious about. We can talk more about it, you know, on Friday.
Rebecca Andrews: But yeah, yeah, we're going in depth when we call, we're finding out what you know. Are these following? We got a list of CPT codes on our form depending on what kind of doctor you are. If you are a psychiatrist, then we're going to be asking this 992-19-12131415 cover. Do you cover critical care codes? We're going to ask, you know, is there any kind of pre cert that needs to be done? We're going to ask for is codes covered specific to that provider specialty? See, we're not going to ask about evaluation and management or office visit codes as they're known for a psychologist or for an lpc. But. We are going to ask, is individual therapy covered? And is a 9083-890847-90808 covered? We're going to ask for all the different types of therapy that a patient could get. We're going to ask if group therapy is covered. You see what I'm saying? So we have forms that are already created for each type of special specialty. And when we go to call, we use one of those forms so that we're getting the benefit for that specialty.
Adam Harrison: Got it. Okay, Rebecca, I won't keep you any longer, but this has already been incredibly helpful, and I look forward to picking up on Friday.
Rebecca Andrews: Good. Thank you. Well, I look forward to it, too. So we'll see you soon. Take care, Adam.
Adam Harrison: All right. Stay warm.
Rebecca Andrews: I will. You, too.
Adam Harrison: All right. Okay, bye.