Christopher Hume: We'll give everyone a few more minutes to join and then we'll get kicked off. Kind of just an overview of jot psych that we get everyone set up with accounts and do a live demo.
Princess Chocc: Okay, awesome.
Christopher Hume: Well, I just sent out a quick reminder to everyone. Do we know if Debbie was planning on joining today?
Princess Chocc: Yes, she's here. She in the background with Keisha right now.
Princess Chocc: Oh, I don't know if she's going to join like sep, you know, separately.
Christopher Hume: Okay.
Christopher Hume: No, that certainly works.
Me vs Me: Yeah, she's coming.
Christopher Hume: Okay, perfect. Oh, right on cue. There's Debbie. Hey, Debbie. Oh, sounds like you might be muted.
Debbie Dunni: Yes. Hi, how are you?
Christopher Hume: Good. Nice to meet again over zoom.
Debbie Dunni: Yeah, absolutely. Nice to meet you too. Nice. I mean, it's good to connect back again. So who do we have on here? We know two people. Let me see. Let me try to call people of them. Who is here? Monica is here. London.
Princess Chocc: I'll text Lakisha.
Debbie Dunni: Okay. Please tell Aisha to join then. Oh, okay. Hey. Hi, Monica. How are you? How to join?
Debbie Dunni: I know Maria will join because Maria is. Doing something right now. She will join us with Ivy. They are with clients. Yes. So but it's still location to join and did you join Keisha?
Me vs Me: Yes, I'm up here.
Debbie Dunni: Oh, oh, that's. I think that's Crystal. Crystal, are you on?
Me vs Me: I think I'm coming in as Crystal. Hold on. Crystal, that's you?
Debbie Dunni: This is Crystal.
Me vs Me: Oh, yeah. I think I'm coming under Chris. Yeah, but I'm up here.
Debbie Dunni: Oh, you coming out on that Crystal, huh?
Me vs Me: Yeah.
Debbie Dunni: How do you do that?
Me vs Me: I just hit the join meeting in it. I guess it just came under her.
Princess Chocc: Yeah, her account must be on the phone or the laptop.
Me vs Me: Huh.
Debbie Dunni: Okay, you can do that. Let me tell her to join. I thought that was Crystal.
Christopher Hume: Debbie, just let me know when you'd like me to start. But happy to wait another few minutes to see if we can get.
Debbie Dunni: Yes, please. Because they are just. Hi, Crystal. Yo. Please, can you join the training? You saw the email? Yeah, Please, we're waiting. Okay, thank you. Okay. Yes. So let's, let's. Let's start London. Did you check with your. Okay, good. So they'll join. So we can. Chris, we can start.
Christopher Hume: Wonderful. Well, I guess to introduce myself to everyone that I haven't been able to speak to yet. My name is Chris. I work at JOT Psych. I think important to note we're all basically neighbors. I'm based down in D.C. as is our company. And we're going to be doing today is kicking off a JOT Psych pilot program. What that means is you all have access to job site for the next two weeks.
Christopher Hume: Unlimited access to an unlimited number of you to try us out and hopefully see that we're a great fit to replace kind of your note taking and ehr Current ehr. So how we're going to structure this meeting. I'll walk through a quick overview of job site. Just a few slides here, Debbie, some of these will be very familiar to you. Then we'll pause and we'll give time for everyone to sign up for their free accounts and then we'll do kind of a walk through the software together. And that should probably take us to right around time at 2:30. Does that sound good to everyone or are there any questions?
Debbie Dunni: That's good.
Christopher Hume: Wonderful. Well again great to meet everyone. The goal today is to get you all set up with your accounts to give you a demo of the software. And to answer any questions you might have. What is JOT Psych? A lot of words here to say that we're an all in one tool to help you with your documentation, administrative work, and we have AI infused throughout. So JetStack's really easy to use. It takes less than three minutes to sign up. You can all hold me accountable to this later in the meeting when we get you set up with your free accounts and it allows you to take very robust notes and charts with significantly less effort.
Christopher Hume: You have jetstack running during a session with your clients and will typically create your clinical or your notes within 20 to 40 seconds of the session. Wrapping up. Something I'd like to highlight and something that really sets J apart from some of the other tools that you may have explored, is that we can actually load your payer rules or your internal team rules into JOT Psych to make sure that we're ensuring consistency across your notes and to ensure that you're meeting all of those payer requirements and not running into any audits or just burden for kind of supervisors or or note reviewers. And what you'll have clear, transparent citations for why your notes are structured in certain ways. Debbie as kind of supervisor or anyone else on the supervisor team, you'll be able to review a quick snapshot of your team's notes and how people are or are not meeting those requirements at the click of a button. But of course, jetstack offers much more than just note taking. We have a clean, consolidated patient overview page. This will have all of your patients information. They'll have access to their recent encounters, it'll have an overview of any medications they're taking, it'll have information regarding any forms you sent them, and you can even upload your treatment plan there. Job site is infinitely customizable, so hopefully we have note templates that are going to meet your needs. But if for whatever reason you need something customized, you certainly can develop that in job site and we can work with you to do that. And then finally, as I alluded to, you can also send forms within JOT Psych as well. So if you have an intake form that you'd like to move to JOT Psych, we can work with you to build that, send it out to your patients via email or, excuse me, your clients via email or text. We have some additional features too, like scheduling and I'll make sure to walk through that during the demo. I know this is the boring part where I'm walking through the slides and no one has Jawset in front of them. So let me come up for air for a moment. Any questions off the bat? I can answer no for me.
whikia: Yeah. So you basically record it and it types up. It types up the session for you.
Christopher Hume: Yep. So it'll take it and it'll put it into a note for you. So it's not just a transcript though you will have access to that. It will also put it into whatever note format you need.
whikia: Okay. Thank you.
Christopher Hume: Oh, you're welcome. And then the, the last thing just like to highlight here is of course we're totally HIPAA compliant, so you don't have any worries there about security. If you need support on consent documentation, we use standard language you can use as well. If you have any additional questions here, I'm happy to answer those or get more in depth responses from our engineering team. But I know when adopting a new technology tool, especially in the mental health space, definitely something that we want to highlight front and center, kind of our dedication to security. Okay, so we made it through the boring slides. I appreciate everyone bearing with me. I think the next thing is those of you who are in front of a computer, can you please sign up for a JOT Psych account now if you have not yet done so, you can just go to jot psych.com and in the top right hand corner, press start your trial again. It should take three minutes and you can hold me accountable to my slide there.
Christopher Hume: And if you could just let me know in the chat when you've created your account. Thanks, princess. So Monica, you created an account before we joined, so thank you. Debbie, you created an account as well, so thanks so much. Walk in. Looks like you just created an account as well. Thank you. Oh, jinx. Perfect. Sorry, it looks like there's two as we kind of discussed. To be getting two crystals in there. So, Crystal, I'm not sure if that was you or Kesha, but if either of you need help, just let me know.
Me vs Me: Yes, I do.
Lakishya Bell: I can't set up account right now because I'm just leaving my other job.
Debbie Dunni: Okay, this is Lakeisha.
Christopher Hume: Awesome. Thanks, Lakeisha.
Me vs Me: Christopher, will you have a. Will this be in the email to show us how to log in? Yep.
Christopher Hume: I'll certainly follow up with a link that takes you right to it. And I'll make sure you have access to my calendar. So if you need to grab some time later this week or next week, we can just also meet one on one and do it together.
Me vs Me: Okay. Is that. Is that possible?
Christopher Hume: Yeah, of course, of course.
Me vs Me: Okay.
Christopher Hume: Yep, you all have access to my.
Christopher Hume: My calendar, and I'll share that as soon as we wrap. But it looks like most of you have been able to create accounts unless you're sort of in transit right now. So the next stage of this presentation will be walking through a job site demo. I'd recommend kind of following along on your account so you can ask many questions or if anything looks different. Certainly I'll walk everyone through and then at any point, feel free to jump in or ask questions. Let me just switch the screen I'm sharing. Did everyone see my screen coming through?
Debbie Dunni: Yes, yes, yes.
Christopher Hume: Perfect. So what we're going to do now is walk through the basic features of JOT Psych. We won't go in crazy detail on everything because I want to make sure to get everyone up and running as quickly as possible. But again, if you have any questions after the fact, what was that guy Chris talking about? Or you can't remember? Again, you'll have access to my calendar, so we can spend 30 minutes, one on one, reviewing this together.
Christopher Hume: And today, what we're going to review is how to record with JOT Psych, how to review your notes with JOT Psych, how to generate a treatment plan with JOT Psych, and then what your patient portal looks like in JOT Psych or your patient overview. And if there are any questions or there's any additional features we'd like to go through, please let me know. Before I jump in here, has anyone had any who's created their account? Are you running into any issues or do you have any questions right off the bat?
Debbie Dunni: No.
Christopher Hume: For me, that's either a good thing that I'm doing a good job explaining or a very bad thing that I have everyone so confused they don't even know what to ask. Hopefully, hopefully it's the former. So this is what the job stack homepage will look like when you go to a meeting with your client. You do press this record button. You then select your patient. You can add a new patient or if for whatever reason you prefer not to use any patient information and jobs like maybe do it during this trial before we transfer your data over, you can also name the template as well. Excuse me? Name the note.
Christopher Hume: We'll select this notional patient. Ducksych will give you a summary of your last encounter with them. And then you can select your session type, choose a SOAP note. Then whether you're in person or remote, you press the start recording button.
Christopher Hume: You have your normal encounter with your client as you typically would, and at the end of that session press stop. Generate note. Of course I won't generate a note from those five seconds there. Not very, not very much pertinent information. But that is probably the most important thing. We'll review today how you can get up and running to try us and really. Yeah. Experience what jots like has to offer. Any questions here before I move on?
Princess Chocc: Yeah, I, I have one. So is this going to replace the EHR iconotes or is this just something we copy and paste onto that system?
Christopher Hume: What I would recommend is for this pilot program, you kind of use job site to generate your notes and then you copy and paste into ikin notes. If at the end of these two weeks it looks all good, all thumbs up, we can talk with Debbie and our engineering team about transferring your patient data over and then using JOT Psych as your ehr. But from a regulatory and kind of data setup standpoint, JOT Psych can be used as your full ehr.
Princess Chocc: Okay. Awesome.
whikia: I also had a question.
Christopher Hume: Yep.
whikia: How is compliance levels what the client feels comfortable with being recorded during the session?
Christopher Hume: I'm sorry, I think I heard you ask a question about client consent and their.
Debbie Dunni: Was that correct?
whikia: No, their compliance level as far as them being recorded the whole session. Like is there any problem with compliance or is that something that you feel people would prefer? Because I don't. I never had to record a client personally. I just wanted to know like you guys have like a good pullback with that.
Christopher Hume: Yep. So typically I'd say 90% or more of the of our customers clients have no issues with it. Of course it is up to the organization. And their specific clients as to whether they want recording in the room. Something I'll share this with everyone. Afterward, we have guidance on how to broach this with your clients. Something that we like to share.
Christopher Hume: Is that how Jot Psych is kind of the standard setup, which is what you all have, is that it records during the session and creates a transcript. The transcript has all PII removed. So if you start your session and say, hey Chris, how do you feel today? The transcript will just say hey, name, how do you feel today? And the audio is immediately destroyed. That said, if a client isn't comfortable with you recording during the session, you also can just after a session go to Jot Psych explain in plain English what happened. Like, hey, I just saw Chris. He seemed anxious. Xyz he he's dealing with family issues and work issues and Jasa can turn that into a note for you as well. But hopefully that answered your question. Makia.
whikia: Yes, thank you so much.
Christopher Hume: No, you're so welcome.
Christopher Hume: Any other questions that I can answer before we kind of move on to what your note looks like and how you can make adjustments and for the time being at least copy into I can notes.
Debbie Dunni: Not for me.
Christopher Hume: Wonderful. Well, then we will move over to what a note could look like. As I said, Jet Psych notes are typically generated within 20 to 40 seconds of your session. And look something like this. Copy your notes into. What you can do is you can copy all sections at once pressing this button. Or you can copy one or two sections at a time using these buttons over here. Copy the subjective objective. Copy them over. The other thing that you can do from this screen that I like to highlight and joke. I'm not an engineer, so this is like magic to me. So I like to show everyone is on the right hand side you'll see the AI note assistant. You can just explain to Jot Psych what changes you want made and Jot Psych will do them for you. This can be anything from telling it what topics to focus on to changing the formatting of the note. Additionally, if you tell Jot Psych to remember this for all future notes, every time you do a SOAP note moving forward, it will remember those changes you requested and and automatically structure them in that way. And then Debbie, to answer one of the questions that you brought up during our initial call on Monday, you can generate a treatment plan directly from a note. Please generate treatment plan. Of course, all of you as professionals would probably offer a little bit more guidance than I did to jot Psych right there. So it'll be a little bit more customized. But hopefully this can get you a running start on treatment plans or any other sort of document that you need for your clients. And you can send to your patient or download as a PDF. Again, I know doing a lot of talking here. So do I have any questions or anything that's unclear? I can help explain. We're all on the call together.
Princess Chocc: I do have a real quick question. So with this, let's say we have a client that does not like to be recorded, but we do switch to this. Do we have a way to manually put in a note instead of just recording it?
Christopher Hume: Yep. Another great question. So you can always type information down here into additional notes. And again, you can just do stream of consciousness. Hey, da da da da. I saw so and so today and type it in here. And as long as you record five seconds of audio, dotsec will take that kind of general information and put it into a note format for you. And then once you're in the note, you of course can type in here and make any changes you'd like.
Monika Hill: So did I hear correctly that no matter what, you have to record something, even if it's just five seconds?
Christopher Hume: Yep, that's correct, Monica.
whikia: But it can be your voice. It can be your voice saying how the session went.
Christopher Hume: Yep, exactly.
Princess Chocc: Okay, okay. As long as you can do that because.
Monika Hill: Okay, that's what I do with chat. I talk to chat. I tell chat GPT how my what happened in the session and it spits out the note like this.
Christopher Hume: Exactly. Just explain it in plain English and then pop out the note.
Princess Chocc: That sounds good.
Christopher Hume: Just to like to make sure I leave a couple minutes at the end to kind of wrap up and maybe set up a just a check in meeting next week. I'd like to show some of our additional features. Of course, if you decide during this trial period to put in any patient information, you'll have a patient kind of overview. We'll look at this notional Bruce Cahill. What this will have is all of your patients encounters, their diagnoses, medications, you can send them forms and you can store their treatment. Plan here. You can also go to this page and then record directly from here or schedule a future appointment with that patient client. Those future appointments would then show up on your schedule. Looks like I had a appointment with Bruce Cahill earlier today as well. And then you can send reminders, forms, et cetera, all from job site.
Princess Chocc: And that's sending the reminder of the appointment strictly straight to the client.
Christopher Hume: That is correct.
Princess Chocc: Yep.
Christopher Hume: So let me again pause here with the last maybe two or three minutes of this demo. I'd love to just kind of go over how we can set you all up with a kind of note template, or at least show you how to develop a note template that kind of meets your requirements. But are there any kind of questions about what I've gone over so far?
Christopher Hume: I'm hearing nothing either.
Debbie Dunni: No question.
Me vs Me: No question.
Christopher Hume: Wonderful. So I guess then I have a question for all of you. What is the typical note format that you use for sessions with your clients?
Princess Chocc: Basically, we use ea. I can know ehr basically just saying we did with the client during the session each session, and then a monthly summary and then like DLA 20s as well. Do you guys have DLA 20s?
Christopher Hume: DLA 20s, DLA 20 assessment? I think that's probably a template that we could help build. Yeah, I'm not sure if we have that pre built for you. So what I'd just like to kind of show you all is that if kind of these are just summaries of the encounter, just a general overview what we can do, and this is actually something I'd be happy to do and upload to all of your accounts, is you can start template from scratch. You go documentation note templates, and you go over to this little edit feature, create a section.
Princess Chocc: Oh, also, I have one more question. So do you guys have this only on the web, or is it an app that we could put on our phones or put on our computers? It's strictly just like a. A website.
Christopher Hume: Great question as well. So we have the website. You can access that on your phone and on your computer. And then we also do have a, an Apple or an iOS app that you can use as well. We do not have something that you need to download onto your computer. We're all web based.
Princess Chocc: Okay. And then my last question I have so far is I seen that you guys, it automatically documented what time the visit was and how long the visit was. Do you guys have like something that's translated for possibly like a timesheet.
Christopher Hume: A timesheet, I'm sorry, that translates it to a timesheet for.
Princess Chocc: Yeah, something that'll like after each visit each month or whatever the case may be.
Princess Chocc: Is there a way to get that information straight from the website to like the supervisors or Ms. Debbie or whatever the case may be or how does that work? Interesting.
Christopher Hume: No, we don't currently have a way to kind of export all like a month's worth of session time data out like that. That's like a great feature. That's something that I'll bring up to the engineering team.
Christopher Hume: Okay, well, I know we're coming up on time here, but what I know we kind of got everyone signed up with job site. Hopefully I gave you a useful overview of jot psych. I think what would be, what would typically be the most beneficial here is if I set up a 50 or a 30 minute check in for this time next week. Would that be a time that would work for some of you? And of course for those of you that it doesn't work for, I'll also share my calendar link as well. But Debbie and team, does that sound like a good path ahead?
Debbie Dunni: Yes, yes, we can do that.
Christopher Hume: Wonderful, wonderful. Well, with our last and a minute or so here, are there any questions or anything I can unblock to get you up and running with job psych?
whikia: Yes, I just had one more question. Is this more advanced than ChatGPT or is this just like another AI system that's like similar.
Christopher Hume: So we're customized for behavioral health. So it's going to kind of remember the way you like your notes and all that. And also we're fully HIPAA compliant, so you never have to worry about any client information kind of escaping out or anything like that.
whikia: Okay, thank you.
Christopher Hume: Welcome. Well everyone, I want to thank you again for kind of jumping in on this meeting on such short notice. I know I, I added it to your, your calendars yesterday evening. I will follow up with email, kind of showing you all how to sign up, giving you access to my calendar, and I will also create a custom template for all of you that I'll add to your account just as a starting point so you can start using JOT Psych. Yeah, just welcome aboard and looking forward to chatting next week. You.
Debbie Dunni: Okay. Thank you.
Me vs Me: Thank you. Thank you.
Christopher Hume: Thanks so much, everyone. Have a great day.
whikia: Thank you.