Jack Waugh: It's. Hey, Dr. Manjoran, this is Jack from Jotsych. How are you? I'm doing well. Thanks for asking. Yeah, I'm just calling because I know we had our Jot Psych demo scheduled for. For now. Is now still an okay time to chat? Problem? No problem. Yeah. Mm. Right. Gotcha. Okay, well, yeah, I would be happy to kind of, like, walk you through some stuff. If you have a quick second, there's a Google Meet link in your email. That way I can actually, like, share my screen with you and kind of, like, show you some stuff about jot psych and how it works. Yeah, let me know that you see that. And then once you're in there, I'll, I'll hang up here. Yeah, I can. It looks like it was the 14th yesterday. I'm happy to resend it really quick if that helps. You can check your spam folder just in case it went there. Okay, awesome. Yeah, if you want to just join that link and we can talk in there. Awesome. Okay, thanks. So it should, if you click on that, it should let you just join. Okay, cool. Yeah, let me know once you click on that and I'll. I can admit you to that. That. Okay, cool. Did you. I. I don't know if I see you in the. The link. Were you able to join? I was just. Okay, let me see. For some reason, it's not adding you in there. Okay, let's figure that out real quick. Give me one second. Oh, there you go. Okay. Hey, Dr. Manjorn, can you hear me? Okay. Hey, Dr. Manjoran, I don't know if you can hear me. You might need to click your button to turn on the screen. Yep. And then the same for the audio, too, if you're able to. It shouldn't be like a little microphone button there. You might have to tap to enable that. Hang on one second. I'll call you. It. Hey, J. Hey, Dr. Manduran. If you're able to join. I don't know if you're able to join at all via your computer. It might be a little bit easier that way. Yeah. Yeah, definitely. I think that sometimes those links on the phone are. Are a bit. You know, every. It's always different for every phone, and then. Yeah, Sure, no problem. Take your time. Okay. It. Hey, Dr. Manjoran, let me know if you can hear me. Okay? I think your mic might be off right now, but you should see a button for the microphone along the bottom screen. It.
Jacob Manjooran: Hi, Jack.
Jack Waugh: Hey, Dr. Manjuran. Hey, can you hear me?
Jacob Manjooran: Okay, I can hear, but I'm not able to get my cell phone.
Jack Waugh: That's totally fine. As long as you can hear me and you can see me, you can share the screen. That's.
Jacob Manjooran: That's totally fine. Yeah, it's totally clear. Yeah.
Jack Waugh: Awesome. Yeah. Well, appreciate you taking the time today.
Jacob Manjooran: No, no. Thank you for calling.
Jack Waugh: Yeah, absolutely. Basically, just kind of wanted to ask you about, you know, how you heard about JOT Psych and what kind of made you interested in trying us out. And basically, if you just want to walk me through some of the needs that you and your partners have at your practice, and we can kind of go from there.
Jacob Manjooran: Okay. You know, we thought about the practice, like, about two months ago, and then I was practicing at Southern Nevada Adult Mental Health. I was the chief doctor on the inpatient unit. And later on, you know, I gave it someone. The thing is, you know, I want to cut down a little bit. Like, it was getting really busy, and, you know, I didn't want to do calls and, and things like that. And eventually, you know, I told him I, I, I don't want to do. I don't know if you heard of that practice, Focus Mental Health. It's the, it was the biggest practice over here. I, I started that, like, 10, 15 years ago. I, that, I started it. Okay. And, you know, I left that practice, and I told him I, I don't want to do that anymore. It was getting really busy, and, you know, I'm getting older, and I, I want to cut down the other two. They're really young. They're in the 30s, upper 30s, and, you know, they wanted. Do more and, and hearing about job site. You know, at that time, I was looking through abilities to, you know, build as a group and, you know, make it the way that we, we want it. The other two are really good friends of mine. They're actually nurse practitioners, but they're very, very good. And you know, I told them if you, if you want to join me, and they want to join me, they want to leave their practices. So. So we all agreed on, on starting this, this practice. So. So that's how it is. And, and right now we're almost there. We're kind of getting to the point where we're able to start, you know, start the group and start practicing and. But in the meanwhile, I was looking through services that will be available for us to be. For us to practice well. And this is the, this is at least one of them, you know, that I read about. I, I don't know if you know, some of the. Not managers, but people who, who are currently running it. Diana or Janina. No, you, you may not.
Jack Waugh: I'm not sure if I, if I know that.
Jacob Manjooran: Yeah, they're kind of managing management and everything, but I, you know, you know, basically discuss the things with them before anything is done or. Sure. Anything goes through.
Jack Waugh: Yeah, that makes a ton of sense. And. Well, that. Okay. That. So first of all, congrats on the new practice. I know that's always an awesome step forward when you get to cut back a little bit and, you know, create your own thing.
Jacob Manjooran: That's.
Jack Waugh: That's awesome.
Jacob Manjooran: Yeah. Yeah. We. I want it. They. They can take as many patients that they want. I'll take as many patients as necessary and, and go from there.
Jack Waugh: Awesome. Well, yeah, so I'll walk you through some of kind of like what we help practitioners with. Yeah. Before we do that, is there anything you would be hoping like that Jot Psych would be able to do for you guys?
Jacob Manjooran: It's really helping us. With patient management and building up the practice.
Jacob Manjooran: We, we've got a office now it's a three. Sorry, it's a sick room office. And hopefully we can build up partners in there and, and, and build up from there. You know, I do know lots and lots of the people. I was one of the first in, in Las Vegas that there were like three or four of us in the whole of Las Vegas and seeing all the patients inpatient, outpatient, you know, the nursing homes and everything that goes, no one, no one else around that.
Jacob Manjooran: That was about 20, 20 years ago, 22 years ago.
Jacob Manjooran: And you know, hopefully we'll be able to grow the practice from, from here as well. And, and you know, that's one of the aims I got is really growing the practice. In the end it's going to be for the people who join the practice. It's not going to be just for me or you know, I'm not really caring about that.
Jack Waugh: Well, that makes a lot of sense. Well, so I'll kind of walk you through on some of the things we do that you just mentioned. So we're not really a practice, we growing site. What we are though is a first and foremost a note taking scribe that helps your practitioners actually save time on their notes. Yeah. So that's the first thing we do. We generate a fully HIPAA compliant note for you and have a lot of customization there. Which actually kind of leads me into the second thing I was going to say you touched on, you know, patient management. That's definitely something we do in our system. And I'll kind of walk you through, through the options there. But we have a lot of customization as well and like you can send forms to patients through JOT Psych. Yeah. Do all sorts of things like order labs through jot. So I'll kind of show you.
Jacob Manjooran: Yeah.
Jack Waugh: And walk you through that. Yeah. That I'll mention to you. We actually are doing something now called JOT bill where we're kind of like managing the full, helping new practitioners manage their full bill cycle. Yeah. Also tell you a little bit about that if that sounds like it'd be interesting. Yeah. So basically drop bill in a nutshell. It's kind of taking out the third party biller and making it. Sort of a one stop shop. So typically a lot of people use things like headway. We actually take a mus. Much less of a cut than them. And I can walk you through what that is. And we also will typically beat their cost by at least 5% with at least 5% growth too. So it's a pretty, pretty great feature. The way it works is, you know, our AI will kind of check first for people's insurance eligibility. So we have a very comprehensive way of checking that for all your patients. Yeah. During the process of creating the note, we have something called pair aware notes. So that way when we're creating these HIPAA compliant notes for you, we're giving you this real time information. So the note is like perfect by the time it gets submitted. Because as you know, with billing there's so many risks there, there's audits. Yeah, I'm sure you've been through the whole, the whole ringer with that.
Jacob Manjooran: Yeah, yeah.
Jack Waugh: It's a step that kind of allows practitioners to bypass that and have a note that's like already basically perfect by the time. And then we'll also do the submission for you as well. So once you've signed, we'll review for the coding accuracy all at our end and then will go and validate and submit to insurance for you. And we have a whole billing manager to do that. Yeah. So does that sound like something you'd be interested? Because if so, I can actually set you up on a separate thing for that with, with
Jacob Manjooran: I, me and my partners would be very interested in that. You know, we, we got, we got this person who is a manager, but we're not exactly the, you know, the most satisfied with what's going on. The other thing is, Jack, like, do we, is it like, is it going to be. Because you know, what I heard now is the notes are going to be computerized. So they do computerized notes?
Jack Waugh: Yes.
Jacob Manjooran: Yeah, yeah.
Jacob Manjooran: And it gets all computerized, but it makes mistakes as well. My brother, who's a doctor in, in England and they use it there as well, they've started using it and he said sometimes it comes out as garbage. It just comes out and then it's full of garbage. You don't understand what it's saying.
Jack Waugh: Yes. And I'll tell you how we kind of differ in that way. And actually I'm going to share my screen here so you can kind of see this. So the cool thing about JOT Psych is we're one of the few AI scribes that's actually trained for behavioral health clinicians specifically. So we trained our scribe on note formats that are more likely to get approved for psych professionals for billing. So. And we have all sorts of customization and templates. I'll kind of walk you through this. Yeah. And show you how this works. But basically the first step is going to the record window here. Yeah. And you would just select a template type. So we have all sorts of templates built in. We have Psychiatric Progress note. CBT is something I built. I'll show you our custom templates too. And then also medication with psychotherapy. So we have a ton of built in templates here. Yeah. And the way it works when you use it is you would hit start recording, stop recording once you're done. Obviously I didn't do a real recording there. And then you would just click generate note. And I'll show you what a note from JOT Psych looks like.
Jack Waugh: Yeah, it's very quick too. It normally takes about like 15 to 20 seconds.
Jacob Manjooran: Okay. Yeah. Can you hear me?
Jack Waugh: Yes, yes.
Jacob Manjooran: All these buttons over here.
Jack Waugh: No problem. Feel free to stop me at any time, like if you have a question.
Jacob Manjooran: Like I was seeing if this video would come up, but it's not coming up. My. My part, but yeah, go ahead. I. I got yours.
Jack Waugh: So basically this is kind of what, one template. This would be like an intake template for a new patient. Yeah. So it's pretty comprehensive. So it's already HIPAA compliant out the gate. Yeah. Fully formatted. Here's your hpi. I'll let you kind of read through that.
Jacob Manjooran: Yeah, yeah.
Jack Waugh: Medication, any changes to their medications will get updated here.
Jacob Manjooran: Yeah.
Jack Waugh: Tests and scores, same thing will get updated. Status exam. And then what I was mentioning before is we'll auto match the DSM codes here and the ICD codes for billing as well.
Jacob Manjooran: Okay.
Jack Waugh: So it's a big time saver. It's one of those things where, you know, constantly we're hearing people are just spending, you know, hours and hours, like a full day's worth on their notes.
Jacob Manjooran: Yes. Notes.
Jack Waugh: Yeah. So this side of JOT Psych is that it's to help you guys so you're not getting bogged down in the paperwork and you can actually present with your patients and also actually see more patients in the day too, maybe for your other practitioners at least.
Jacob Manjooran: Least.
Jack Waugh: So.
Jacob Manjooran: So how is that done? How. How do the. How did they get the information?
Jack Waugh: Yeah. So basically what, what we can do when we hang up today is I can get all of you guys signed up for a trial. Yeah. And we also do a discount month on top of that for like $20 per person. So I can get you guys signed up for both of those. If you want to just help me the emails and you'll have to. I'll walk you through how to do yours on your end so you know and you can tell them how to enter their info. Yeah, but that would just be it. Just if you let me know what emails or if you want to tell me now, I'd be happy to set them up. We'll just have to have a trial on their end.
Jacob Manjooran: Okay, let me just pull up their email.
Jack Waugh: And by the way, while you're doing that, I'll mention two quick things and we, we can meet again by the way in case this is a lot of information but.
Jacob Manjooran: No, it's okay. Chat like I'm really free run right now.
Jacob Manjooran: You know I stopped stop my main practice and this is all I'm doing right now. Awesome. So, okay, First is d for darren j. Yep. Noel n o o l and is actually his email is dark d a r r e n julius j u l I u s null n o o lmail dot com.
Jack Waugh: Gotcha. Okay, so darren d a r r e n julius. N o o.
Jacob Manjooran: Okay. Julius. Yeah. Julius new n o o l okay. At gmail dot com. And that's.
Jack Waugh: And I'm sorry, you said n as in new or m as in as in monkey?
Jacob Manjooran: Julius new n as in nancy.
Jack Waugh: Okay, thank you.
Jacob Manjooran: Appreciate it.
Jack Waugh: Okay. And then what is the. The other email?
Jacob Manjooran: Janina. Is janina. J a n I n a j.
Jack Waugh: I'm sorry, one more time.
Jacob Manjooran: I don't know if this is her. Email janina. Like full stop addis, sir. A d e c e r gmail dot com.
Jack Waugh: Okay, so just to make sure. So that's j e, n I n a j a.
Jacob Manjooran: Sorry, j is my mistake. That's okay. Let me just make sure that is the right one. And. Oh, here we go. Yeah. Janina.addisonmail.com.
Jack Waugh: yeah. Okay. And I just want to make sure I have the spelling there. It's J A, J, N I N A. Yeah.
Jacob Manjooran: N I N A D I C E, R. Yeah, but there's a full stop in between. That's weird.
Jack Waugh: But it. When you say full stop.
Jacob Manjooran: J, N I N A and then full stop.
Jack Waugh: Like, like a space between.
Jacob Manjooran: No, it's a. It's a. It's actually a full stop in all of them. It's coming up as a dot.
Jack Waugh: Oh, I, I see a dot.
Jacob Manjooran: Okay. Yeah. Addisonmail.com.
Jack Waugh: okay, awesome. So here's what I'll do. Then I'm going to show you two more quick features and then I'll help you get set up on your end. And then when you meet with Chris about jot bill and getting set up with that. I know. Also help you get set up with those other two. So you guys are all under the same practice.
Jacob Manjooran: Yeah. Just. I just want to say, just convince them to do this because they're equal partners.
Jack Waugh: Sure.
Jacob Manjooran: You know, I'm the partner and, you know, I made them equal partners. Yeah. And they're really nice. Really nice people.
Jack Waugh: Yeah, I'd be happy to. And I let.
Jacob Manjooran: And I'll let them know, you know, that there is this. And it's. It. It sounds like it's really saving us a. A bunch.
Jack Waugh: It's a huge time saver. Yeah. Yeah. And. I'll show you one other cool thing while we're talking. If you guys ever want to do custom note templates, you can go to this feature here. Documentation and note templates.
Jacob Manjooran: If we, yeah, if we, if we're doing te. Right. Te. You know, it does all, all this stuff. If we're doing that, does that, you know, nullify all of this?
Jack Waugh: I'm sorry, you said you're doing, you're doing
Jacob Manjooran: what Hebrew does this note taking.
Jacob Manjooran: And sorry about that. All, all of that. It does notes. And you do the notes on the, the medications, you know, you write it on there. It's a, it, it's an online feature. I, I, I'm not good at this. But the best person is, is Janina. She is really good at that. Okay.
Jack Waugh: Yeah, well, that's fine.
Jacob Manjooran: Well, I've, I've never done it before.
Jack Waugh: Well, so I'm, Yeah. What I'll do then is I'll touch base with her. Yeah. Partner. So we can kind of go from there. Yeah. For now. If you like, I can at least get your account set up with the, with our two week trial and the discount month, and then we can add them on as well. That works for you.
Jacob Manjooran: What will happen is we'll have one account, it'll be mine. Okay. And theirs, it'll be the. So, you know, if, when I go on vacation, they just sign in and, and see my notes on there.
Jack Waugh: Oh, perfect.
Jacob Manjooran: Okay. And, you know, vice versa. So if you can let them know what the difference is. Tebra's basically electric, electronic, and everything is electronic on there. And, you know, I'm not sure what the difference is in this. I'm not sure how good they are, how bad they are. I never used to use them.
Jack Waugh: Well, here's, so here's what I could do. Then. Why don't I. So it sounds like from what you're telling me, you guys would just be under one user, Is that right?
Jacob Manjooran: Kind of, yeah.
Jack Waugh: Different people to log in at the same time. You probably need multiple users. Yeah. But you'd want to be under the same account. Yeah. So how, how do you want to, how, how would you guys want to, want to do that?
Jacob Manjooran: You know, if. If we do use it, it'll be. We could. We can all get on to Deborah. I. I didn't like Deborah, but they think it's really it and. Okay. At. At that time anyway. I don't know how good it is. So all of us will be using it at the same time, but there's a lot of stuff you've got to go through to get onto it.
Jack Waugh: Well, so here's what we should do then. Why I'm gonna set you up with a meeting with my boss, Chris, and yeah, he's our chief of staff at JOT Psych, and he can kind of walk you through all this. Would you. I'm happy to reach out as well to your colleagues. Would you be able to talk to them as well? And maybe we could put a time on the calendar that might work for you all for now and then you can check with them if it. If it's okay.
Jacob Manjooran: We can do that. It's you. Usually I can tell you it's Thursdays and Fridays.
Jack Waugh: Thursdays and Fridays. So if I put time like next. Next Friday on his calendar. Yeah, that's good.
Jacob Manjooran: Okay, that.
Jack Waugh: That would be good. Maybe like one. The same time we met. Like one. I'm sorry, 10:30am Pacific Time.
Jacob Manjooran: Yeah, that'd be perfect.
Jack Waugh: Okay, perfect. So I'm going to put you down for that and you guys can talk it over with him. Yeah, so, yeah, just let me. I'll add you here and then I'm going to have to hop off here in just a second because I have another meeting in just a minute.
Jack Waugh: But yeah, let me make sure I have all your information here. Okay, let's see. Okay, so I'm adding your email to that time. Yeah. Okay.
Jacob Manjooran: And I can just. We. We can discuss it. Yeah. With him and, and see what the difference is and see what the advantage and. Or disadvantages of both. Both of them.
Jack Waugh: I think that would be a good way to do it because then you guys can walk through everything and we can kind of. Yeah. Get set up with it in a comprehensive way and go through all your needs that you guys have. Yeah. Okay, so that should be in your email. Let me know that you received that. I just want to make sure it went through and then you're all set for next Friday.
Jacob Manjooran: Okay, let me check. I initially went through another one. They didn't like it.
Jacob Manjooran: I said take one of you and told her to take one.
Jack Waugh: Oh, Jacob, you know what? Sorry, I. I have to. To actually run real quick. But yeah, it should be in your email. If for some reason it's not, just let me know. But I sent it to all three of you guys.
Jacob Manjooran: Okay, perfect.
Jack Waugh: So if you don't mind on your end, reaching out to them and just making sure that that 10:30 time Pacific Time next Friday is good for them, then we'll. We'll see you then.
Jacob Manjooran: Okay, I'll. I'll let them know. And I. I've got it. It's over here.
Jack Waugh: Awesome. Well, yeah. Appreciate you taking the time and looking forward to walking through all that with you next Friday.
Jacob Manjooran: Okay. That sounds good.
Jack Waugh: All right, Talk to you then.
Jacob Manjooran: Take care. All right. Thanks a lot, Chris. Appreciate it.