Jackson Bierfeldt: And we are getting like conflicting reports from everybody. So actually doing like a head to head test of steady and nirvana is good. And then finding out like how much further we need to go and using availability to like see how the, the portal stuff works and then figuring out which like critical phone calls we have to make is also obviously something we need to figure out if we're ever going to get like a scale.
Nathan Peereboom: Do we want to do a test? Do we want to include nano nets in this, Adam? Because I think that nano nets has gotten back to us.
Adam Harrison: Oh yeah, I could definitely include them. Or have you. Do you have a thread with them? Do you want to just loop me in? If so, Yep.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah. And here's the other thing. I'm gonna share my. This document. Did you guys both get a chance to read this? I know. Adam, you looked at it. Nate, did you get a chance to look at times? Should I? Yeah, probably should at some point. But let me just go over some of the like high level stuff in here because what I want to see out of the deliverables or the learnings from this week for productizing eligibility. So in this it's like assuming we're using steady, but I think in your mind you should think think of that as like being swappable. And the main thing that we're trying to figure out is kind of like the user story as well as the necessary and sufficient for us delivering either a type one or a type two eligibility check. So figuring out like what the final payload that we're going to be displaying for the UI is I think is probably of critical importance this week because then we can kind of, once we know that we can kind of like backfill to it. So the way that I have it drafted. System, you know, where if everything is totally good and like we're like, you don't need to worry about it at all. Green light. That's good. There probably still is a green light plus collect a $30 copay model and a green light plus you need to collect 20% coinsurance model if that's what they need to do. I don't. Here is, when we're showing this to people inside of some kind of jot psych interface, they need to know those things. Right. It's like, are they covered? And then how much money do I need to charge them before the appointment starts? That's my understanding of like, the two main action items. Adam, is that correct for you?
Adam Harrison: Yeah, that feels correct. I think there is maybe like an MVP of this where we don't say the co pay dollar amount. Like the patient responsibility.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah.
Adam Harrison: But I think that certainly is like an ideal. Yeah, those would be the two ideal pieces of information.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Okay, well, we should decide if. If we're. Because in the world where it's like, oh, if we get it, we want to show it and if we can't get it, we don't show it, that's actually a little tough because we need to like, set a clear expectation. Because I think, like, the way that people want to treat this is really as some kind of a gate of like, do I need to think about this or not? And so having like the variable information in there, it might be useful, but I could see it also just. So, like, hey, what do I actually need to do with that?
Adam Harrison: Sorry, you cut out a little bit at the end. Jackson. I'm not sure if it's my audio or the merge or. Yeah, I just missed that, like, last part of what you said.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah, I. I think it's just figuring out what information we need to show and how consistent it needs to be. And I think my assumption is that it needs to be really consistent if we're going to show it.
Jackson Bierfeldt: So if all we can show is, like, coverage, then maybe we. I don't know. It's an open question to me, like, do we try to show them the copay amounts if we can get it?
Adam Harrison: I think that is ideal. Yeah. It just requires a lot more logic because you have to know, like, have they met their deductible or not? And then like, okay, copay, you know, do they have a copay and does the deductible apply or not? And like, maybe that is or is not explicitly stated in study. And you might like, maybe the portal tells us that or versus not.
Jackson Bierfeldt: So I guess I'm not thinking about this around. I'm thinking about final deliverable. Like if we have to make a phone call to get it. Because if we make the phone call, we can get that 100% of the time.
Adam Harrison: Oh, then for sure. Final deliverable. Yes. We absolutely should have the payment amount. Like the patient responsibility.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah. So 100% of the time. Okay, sorry, maybe I'm being confusing. The question I'm asking is, what do we want them to see as the final product when we go? Okay. We ran your eligibility. For next week, are we promising to show the like deductible amount and the co pay amount and the co insurance amount for every single patient?
Adam Harrison: Yes, that would be my. That. Yeah, I, I think the answer is yes. I do think if 10 of cases we say like could not be determined or there's an issue or like, hey, you know, we need to make
Jackson Bierfeldt: a song or the yellow light. The yellow light situation, but for
Adam Harrison: the green lights, I think we should aim to. If let, let me put it differently, if we don't have that information, I think it becomes a yellow light.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Got it. Okay. Yes, that makes, that makes sense to me. Okay, so that is plan lays out in terms of like how that information is, is structured. For my purposes is if it is desirable for me to start building this against steady but accepting that like yeah, we might swap out into nirvana or nanonets or whatever, but like still building the whole thing, that does do some of our own logic. I'm like, okay, we get the first pass from the API. Maybe there's like two API calls because we're doing different STC codes or whatever. Maybe we're eventually going to do one against Armana and one against steady. Like who cares? Like there's some kind of API thing. We get some information, Another process or eventually a phone call process. And then should I just make it so that even for our phone call process like Asia, instead of putting it into a Google sheet is like putting it in somewhere in our admin panel and then it's like filling out the thing and like getting ready to actually show to the, to the organization inside of Jotsy or like that's what my plan is. But if you think like I should hold off on doing any of this until we understand our API, then I could hear that too.
Adam Harrison: So my perspective would be so. Well, I guess. Yeah. A few questions. Number one, I think my question would be like, how are you feeling about the current state of jot audit? Because I could see if you feel like there's more work that needs to be done there, like really dialing that in might be a better use of time in the next like few days. If you feel like the answer to that is like things are good there, then I would say working on eligibility check stuff in a way, you know it, you know, to the extent it's more like dev work that's agnostic of which API we use, maybe that isn't really even a possibility. But otherwise I see there is. Probably some potential for. Yeah, we probably just want to avoid like wasting cycles on your end of like, oh, now we're doing nirvana. Oh, now we're doing like the third option Nate mentioned. So I would say probably better to do things that are going to be like, that are going to avoid that rework scenario, be it jot audit or like other sort of like setup things that.
Adam Harrison: So there's plenty to do.
Jackson Bierfeldt: There's plenty to do on jaw audit. Becca's even like asking me to change a bunch of stuff. So I can always do that. But the question here is.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Put format like kind of agnostic to which API provider we use, right? Like we know that we want to give them a red, a green light, yellow light or red light we know we want to like. And then even in the world where we use steady, it still needs to be a data package where it's like steady does some of it and then we have some availability portal that does some of it and then we have you know, the phone call that does some of it. So it really is, it has to be an agnostic system anyway because it's going to be getting inputs of like and then that just means like steady versus, you know, nirvana form it into our final package anyway. So the question there is not about like rework on the actual integration because the part that like talks me 10 minutes, you know, it's like actually everything else that is all of the work. But the question is like, do we need this like productized and deliverable this week or are we in a situation where like, nope, we can still just keep emailing people Google sheets and everyone's fine with that?
Adam Harrison: Yeah, it's a good question. So I feel fairly high degree of confidence that like kind of the red, yellow, green is probably like the approach we want to take. And yeah, so I think a lot of those things will probably be true regardless of which provider we use. My, my current hypothesis on how we would actually offer this would be either you pay $0.90 per eligibility check and what you get is either the steady or nirvana or you know, whatever clearinghouse based response. And then if you are, I can get out here and then if you are a Jot Bill customer as far as, and by where by Jot Bill I mean like the full service, what we're doing for Valcor and others, then we're probably going to do some combination of the availability portal and calling and other things because that's going to affect how we like Bill and our abilities to deliver on that promise.
Jackson Bierfeldt: So it is a, like, normal check and then a premium.
Adam Harrison: Say that again.
Jackson Bierfeldt: It's just a normal check and then a premium check. Nate, can you mute? Sorry, it's not working.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, so I think it's a normal check. If you buy eligibility as a standalone, and then if you are also doing job bill service, where we're taking a percentage of your revenue and doing all your claims and all that, then I think we are going to want to include the availability and calling. But that can still largely be done, like, manually or via some, like, admin panel workflow or like, a little bit more of a hacky, you know, version of that, like, in my opinion.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah, so it's that, like, product one, Product two thing that we were using before.
Jackson Bierfeldt: We're saying, like, product one, we can just offer to everyone, like, at scale, because it's using the API and it's going to just sometimes be like, yellow light. Sorry, you have to call.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yes, but, yeah, then the thing where we do everything in order to, like, enhance our own billing, we just save that for the people we're doing the full service for.
Adam Harrison: I like that. Yeah, I think that's what I'm leaning towards right now.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Okay, yeah, that sounds good to me. What about timeline on me building it, though? Because it is a good question of, like, is this the thing that I should be working on this week, or should I wait until we get this experiment done so that, you know, we just have, like, more information?
Adam Harrison: Yeah, I don't know if I have the full view of, like, kind of the backlog and everything like that, but I would.
Jackson Bierfeldt: I'll do the prioritization. I guess what I'm asking you is, like, is this critical? Like, are there. Is this holding us up, like, where it's, like, impossible for you and Asia to keep doing this? It seems to me, like, no, like, we could go another week of just sending people the. The spreadsheet.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, I think. I think that's true. We. We can do that. Yeah.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Okay, so if that's the case, then I think my preference would be to wait until you have a sense of, like, steady nirvana. Nanonets. What actually is. Is happening here? Because, I don't know, maybe you run this and we're like, oh, my God, actually, these APIs are just totally insufficient anyways and we have to regroup.
Adam Harrison: Yeah. That's the thing is we haven't had the ability to do an availability check until, like, Friday of last week when we got access. And I just don't know if there's going to be something in there that's like, wildly different than what we're getting from steady be it like the information just has richer information that is kind of like material change the outcome. So, yeah, I think that makes sense.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Okay, so then I have a pretty strong preference then for pausing my development work on this system. But I did do a lot of planning that like, will be actionable when, when it's time. So it's not really any, any lost work there. And then I would like to focus my attention probably on like, really getting jot audit polished and over the finish line. I mean, Becca and I are starting to roll it out to more people, but what I really want to work on is actually taking like, Val Courts docs and information in doing the first, like, glove fit, like, okay, this really works for your notes kind of thing.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, that, that sounds great to me because to me the whole, like, constraint we should be working around is like, how do we deliver the best experience to Valcor and like, keep moving them along. And to me, the next step, step there feels like getting job audit really dialed in for them and eligibility. We can sort of run manually in the background for now.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah, that, that makes sense to me. Do we have all the docs from them?
Adam Harrison: No.
Adam Harrison: So I'm, I'm a little bit nervous about that because they've gone a little bit quiet on us. I know, Jackson, They've been sending some, like, Jorge's been sending some questions, but I haven't really gotten any responses to like, messages that I've been sending. Just like, kind of following up and stuff. So it might be worth maybe I call Janet or. I don't know if I have her direct number, but I, I've got her number.
Nathan Peereboom: I can, I can create a little chat with you, Janet.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, I'm just a little nervous that maybe they're getting like a little bit of. I don't know, I'm probably overreacting, but I just don't love that they've gone from being super responsive to now, like, kind of a little bit slower to respond.
Nathan Peereboom: I think one way to reactivate. So, yeah, I think we should just zoom out for a second and then like, talk about just where we're going here. I agree that Valcor is our highest priority. I think that I did a. I met with Don Chewy today and built this, like, harness for analyzing billing data. And we do have their billing data from Collab md. So one thing we could do is we could just flip the order of things and we could like, I could go and build like an analysis report for them and then kind of push them to maybe have another meeting with us maybe Wednesday or something like that. Like, I could get that done probably this week or sorry, in the next, like, probably tonight, honestly. And that might be a good place for us to just start nudging them. Forward on these other items.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Give them something exciting.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: That might be decarroted a little bit.
Jackson Bierfeldt: I think that's a great because.
Nathan Peereboom: I mean, I think the. Yeah, there's. There's something that's slowing down with them, and I think it might have been that they are focusing on shipping a lot of forms work. I mean, I met with Jorge last week and he wanted, like, a bunch of stuff on the forms, the forms builder, so there's something going on there, too. But let me, Let me initiate, like, contact with them again and see where we go. So wait, I'm gonna present something else now. Let's just go back here. Jackson, do you mind unsharing your screen? Okay. I think we should just go customer by customer, so. Okay, first of all, Adam, you're running this clearinghouse thing. I have to. I'm actually just going to take. Take this from you. Okay. Anything else that we need to do for Valcor that feels important? This. Nope. All right, Jackson, when are we. I, I think that we do want to create some fanfare about the form stuff. Do you know, like, when we would be able to show some progress on forms?
Jackson Bierfeldt: We'll have some of those bugs fixed today and then this week for the bigger upgrades.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, I'm going to put. Just because you're closer to it, I'm just going to ask you to just, like, send a slack message through to Jorge when there's some updates there.
Jackson Bierfeldt: I did that like five minutes ago, but yeah, I'll keep doing it.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay. I'll just put this as. Okay, great. All right. Anything else on Valcor before we go to Beverly? Oh, shoot. Lost Adam. Okay, I get.
Jackson Bierfeldt: What do you mean, what a shot. I know.
Nathan Peereboom: I'm just saying.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Surprise. I have my hands in a lot of pots.
Nathan Peereboom: Right out.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Still don't know who that is, but I'm not going to Florida, if that's what you mean is, do I need to, like, go and, like, learn about this person or.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, no, you've definitely, like, met her and stuff. We've been on a call with her. Like, we've been on several calls with her. You're going to recognize her when you meet her.
Jackson Bierfeldt: She's the one who has. Mother. Yes, mother, daughter. Oh, okay, okay, okay, okay, Okay.
Nathan Peereboom: I think that's all we have to talk about today. Without Adam, like there's no point going through this.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah. Do you know, because I want to work on jot audit like V2, like really actually like because we like right now we, we don't have anything where I can take a four page document and like actually make good rules out of it yet. I need to build that and I want to build it alongside of test data. Who am I doing that for?
Nathan Peereboom: I know, because we just don't have yet evidence that people are actually sending us those docs. Really. If we have a clinic, that's
Jackson Bierfeldt: all kind of promise is that we're going to be able to make an audit system where we can know about their different payers preferences and things.
Nathan Peereboom: The promise is that we'll be better than humans. And I think that. I don't know if we need 400 pages of unique paradise. I mean if we, if we get to the point where people are.
Jackson Bierfeldt: That's right, like we want to have some way to. I'm not trying to like over engineer some giant thing. I'm just saying like we need some way to realistically like look at these documents, figure out if there's anything informational important in there, pull that out.
Nathan Peereboom: I just don't think right now is the time to do it, to be honest, because it's not the short pull in the tent, there's not the constraint at all. Like people just aren't sending us those docs yet. And what we're doing instead is we're taking off the shelf rules, which we feel pretty good about. Right.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Like, you know, I mean you generated some a while ago and I put them in and like no one's until, until we hear otherwise.
Nathan Peereboom: I don't think this is a constraint. I think what if you're not going to do eligibility checks this week? I would love you to create like the full like claims thing so that like, so that when Valcor is able to start charging or we get Stephen to start moving some stuff through here, we can click a button and actually start to see it move to a clearinghouse. That to me is like, that's actually like the main thing where I'm like, if we don't have that, we have to go to Michelle and Rebecca and get them to put things through Steady's gui, which is probably going to be really rough if we can not do that. That would be amazing.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Okay, yeah, I can, I can look at that with John on it.
Nathan Peereboom: I just think that it needs to be in the field, and we just need a re. I also think, like, it'd be so great to just have some feedback on how it's hitting and what the actual problems are and all of that before we go and do a back end.
Jackson Bierfeldt: We're starting like, that is running like we're going to turn it on for at least 100 new people this week. I'm so excited.
Nathan Peereboom: It's going to be great. Okay, cool.
Jackson Bierfeldt: All right, well, can do you in the same room through the screen.