Becca Bressler: So I can think through how the user experience, or that's my understanding, like, of my role in making it a part of the bundle is putting together requirements for what this bundle is, what people are allowed, but then also needing to like, scope out what the user journeys are. So, like, where do you see certain things, when do you press what, when do you see what, etc. And so I need to understand more about, like, your process right now, even though I know it's manual now. Like, it's helpful to just know how it's been going. But is that different than your understanding of roles here as far as.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, maybe. Maybe. Maybe just. Yeah, it's a good point. Let's. Because I would also love to understand more about bundling because I feel like I may be not fully up to speed on that and will have implications for the website and, you know, all sorts of stuff. So. So yeah, why don't we kind of just like bring each other both up to speed on like the latest greatest for both of those things. Okay. And then. And then we kind of like figure things out from there.
Becca Bressler: That works. Let's start with bundling, because I feel like that's like the bigger thing and then we can.
Adam Harrison: Zero.
Becca Bressler: Yeah, good.
Becca Bressler: Okay, that's perfect. So I'll share a couple things on my screen. Actually, hold on. Let me hook this up to a bigger monitor. You might end up catching me moving again because I don't have my headphones. So people come back.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, no worries.
Becca Bressler: Whatever you got to do. But alrighty. Let's see. Give me one second. So this is. This, this is. Okay. So. So bundling. Have you seen.
Adam Harrison: I think you mind sending the link to this too?
Becca Bressler: Oh, yeah, no problem. I'm going to be showing you two things. So this.
Adam Harrison: I have seen that I did leave some, like, comments in there at one point.
Becca Bressler: Okay.
Adam Harrison: Or questions.
Becca Bressler: Looks like it's changed the user journey. One is super messy, so let me just like walk you around it. But that's an eraser.
Adam Harrison: Okay.
Becca Bressler: So let me start with the bundle stuff, which is on the screen.
Adam Harrison: Yep.
Becca Bressler: So Tuesday, Nate sat down and define the bundles, what you get. We sort of went back and forth based on technical feasibility, etc. Etc. And this is where we've landed. So if you're trialing, you have access to everything. In an unlimited capacity. Except you get like five eligibility checks is one of the things. Okay. We introduced an administrative tier for someone like Elida or something very cheap. You bet. Get basically nothing anyways. Low volume, pretty self explanatory, but. So I don't know that I need to like read everything. But there's a low volume, there's a basic, and there's an everything, low volume and basic. You have the option to add additional add ons. And we have three add ons. So EHR essentials gets you labs, forms, documents, follow up emails. RCM gets you jaw audit, and right now eligibility checks in the V1. My understanding is jot bill like won't be ready to be productionized in two weeks, for instance. So. Yeah, that's my. Yeah, so that's sort of what we heard. So first the RCM will probably just be like job audit and eligibility checks, both of which players will be able to like try.
Becca Bressler: But if you actually want more than like five, you'll have to get that rcm. And then the data and security bundle is like insurance BAA agreement and a custom data retention policy. So you get to tell us like, please delete my notes after 90 days, basically. And the data and security bundle also. I apologize, I'm telling you things you already know.
Adam Harrison: I don't. You know.
Becca Bressler: No, no, this is helpful. Data and security is per seat. So I'm a solo clinician. I can get this for myself. If I'm a clinic owner and I want this, I have to pay per clinician this amount of money. The thing about the eligibility stuff is it's like maximum maximally flexible. So like if I am a solo clinician first, this is sort of what I'm gonna start seeing when I end my trial. So like if my trial's ended or if I want to say, subscribe before my trial ends, we have like a user journey for that. So this, these are the tiers. These aren't even up to date necessarily. I just kind of put stuff in here before I think we determined. But you have the tiers and then you get to your add ons page where you get to select what you're.
Adam Harrison: Sorry, I think I'm still seeing the spreadsheet.
Becca Bressler: I'm so sorry.
Adam Harrison: No, you're good.
Becca Bressler: I hate when I do that. Okay, one second. Okay, so if I am a solo clinician and I hit the end of my trial and I want to reactivate, or I get the paywall when I try logging into Jotfrike, For this flow.
Adam Harrison: So you pick your.
Adam Harrison: Can you see?
Becca Bressler: Yep. Okay. So you pick your tier. Once you pick your tier though, actually, if you select everything. This is a note that I need to make. Whatever. I don't think I need to. It's fine. I'll do it later. Anyway, you select low tier, you have the option to add all of these add ons. Basic, you have the option to add all these add ons. Everything. You get all these add ons. So except the data and security package. But you get EHR essentials and you get the rcm. So these are the three bundles based on what you add. That's what you pay for. Awesome. So, yeah. So do you have any questions?
Adam Harrison: So I think no, this is really helpful to see like a mock up of what it would look like. It's nice that we're pushing people into like bundles still. I was like, yeah, like 13 features. Yeah. Yeah. I was worried it was going to be like a laundry list. So this is really. This is like.
Becca Bressler: This looks really good. Cool. Yeah. Awesome. And so this is like the solo clinician flow. If you are an owner of a practice, it's going to look a little bit different in part because just to give you maximal context of all this stuff, like the thing about the way this is built and the way Nate wants it is, Clint is like, this is so flexible that a clinic could have different clinicians on different. Based on different tiers. So it's not just that you are doing add ons per clinician that can vary. Like you could have two clinicians on the low tier, two clinicians on basic, two clinicians on everything. And so because of that, the flow will be a bit different because like if I am a group practice, that's not really like. Yeah, it just becomes a little bit more complicated anyways. But that's not that for the purpose of this, I don't think, like Alfred's working on a different.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, we don't. We don't need to go through it. I'm sure it's like a quite nuanced problem to try to solve.
Becca Bressler: Anyway, so that is subscription stuff. And so obviously I'm coming to you because I have questions about the eligibility stuff that lives inside rcm. Do you have any, like, questions for me before I start asking my questions about that?
Adam Harrison: Yeah, so one thing I have been trying to do, but it's been a little bit kind of. There's been a little bit of progress and then pausing on stuff and then resuming is. How do we. How are we actually going to, like, communicate this on the website? Because we have, like, the. The website team, like, building this right now. And so I just want to, like, show you quickly what I have. I think it's probably going to need to change some of it because, like, this has changed since yesterday when Nate, like, made those updates. But I'm trying to, like. Yeah, let me just show you what I have for now, but I can. We'll probably need to, like, go through and make updates. Okay. You can see my screen, so.
Becca Bressler: Yeah, let's see here. Expand your screen. Hold on. Why can't I expand it? All right, give me one second. It's just a tiny little box right now.
Adam Harrison: Oh, sorry.
Becca Bressler: That's not your bad, but. Oh, here we go. Okay, great.
Adam Harrison: Okay. So I think it's probably. There's like, gonna be probably different versions of where we show pricing. There is, like, an actual pricing page which will have the most detail. That's probably where it's helpful to start. And then there is, like, the home page, which will be more of, like, a punchy version of it. So I think it's probably helpful to start with, like, the pricing page and just, you know, we don't need to go through it in, like, super detail now. Like, maybe I can send it to you offline or something. But this is kind of how I was thinking of, like, branding it or, like, presenting it. So for the different packages, icono. So here's like, header, right? It's transparent, it's modular. It scales with you. You know, it's. We have. We support individuals, we should support practices. You upgrade when you need, downgrade when you need all that stuff. Toggles for annual versus monthly pricing, default to annual. So it just, like, headline price looks lower. And then I think in terms of the packages, I sort of wanted to re. Re. Like name them a little bit to, like, moonlighting for the first one for sort of like, people who are, like, practicing on the side and just need, like, a few notes. And it's sort of like a terminology I think clinicians use. So. Yeah, I thought that might be, like, kind of an interesting way to do it. Basic or. You know, I forget what the actual name was.
Becca Bressler: It is basic. Yeah, that's the one we're going with, I think.
Adam Harrison: Yeah. And that's most popular. Everything, like, the pricing looks a little different now, so we'll have to change that. And then some sort of, like, comparison table with, like, what you get, who this is really for, et cetera, et cetera. And then for each add on, we should, like, detail what it is. I think these add ons, it seems like, have changed and lapsed a bit. From where they were before. I think like JOT audit was originally an add on. This like clinical tools thing was an add on with like labs forms, document generator. Then this is kind of like rcm. Yeah. Stuff. So I think these have been like repackaged.
Becca Bressler: Is that right? Yeah. So like JOT audit has been folded into RCM JOT bill. I think we want to get there with the bundling, but the MVP won't include it. And then jock coach. There's a little bit of mixed messaging there. Jackson. I think we're going to like do away with it. But I. But Nate needs to make a decision and will let me know. Yay or nay. So maybe that one's a little bit. But if we did it, it would be a part of the RCM bundle.
Adam Harrison: Okay, interesting. So I mean, I guess these decisions have already been made, but like, it feels like someone might want to got coach and John audit but not want to do billing through us or eligibility checks. That's where I feel a little conflicted, I guess.
Becca Bressler: Yeah, that totally. Like, I. I think that dot bill is going into rcm actually, like, let me just go back to my subscription and.
Adam Harrison: And then I think there's like self service job bill versus like manage service job bill. And that is going to be like very different pricing.
Becca Bressler: Yeah. I have like no idea what drop bill is, so I think it probably.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, we can go through that next.
Becca Bressler: But yeah, I mean, they. Nate's been really open to like pushback on some of this stuff. I just think there was no one in the room who understood some of the RCM stuff to make like thoughtful cases for not including them in the bundle. So you should totally feel free to like raise voice about anything that seems off.
Adam Harrison: Okay. And then yeah, I do think like there is full service billing that is separate from all this and we can get into that in a second.
Becca Bressler: Okay.
Adam Harrison: Okay. So anyway, yeah, there's like kind of. This is like a little bit of a moving target right now. But this is in general, like, once it's finalized, this is kind of the things I want to like, have. So maybe just if you could keep me posted on like. Yeah. How it comes together and once it gets like finalized, that would be super helpful.
Becca Bressler: Our plan. Sorry. Or. Sorry.
Adam Harrison: Go ahead, Adam. I just want to.
Becca Bressler: No, no, no, go ahead. So our plan for like the. Well, I don't know what the timeline is on the website. My understanding is like, when we like go live, at least initially with this, we were going to have. Also I might be about to move rooms. Hold on. Hey. Is the garden people still downstairs? Yeah, they appear to be. Damn it. Why did I forget my headphones? Trying to figure out where to talk to Adam. Oh my God. I'm using. So what we were thinking for or. Yeah, what's your sense of like, when the website would be done? Because we have a kind of MVP plan, which is when you're like looking at your bundle options. There's just a Learn More link that you press and it takes you to a web page that we can put together. That's like almost a front article type thing. Right. Which is just like explaining what the features are. But we don't need to do that. That was just because we thought maybe the website wasn't going to be ready in time.
Adam Harrison: When do you want to do that?
Becca Bressler: Sorry, when do I want to do what?
Becca Bressler: The, like, launch. So the goal is February 1st. Okay.
Adam Harrison: Probably. I think we're going to be like a week behind that, I would guess.
Becca Bressler: Okay, no problem.
Becca Bressler: We've already discussed having these other like, Learn More pages, so that's totally fine.
Adam Harrison: Yeah. Just they've been a little slow on the website. So I'm like, we. We can like assess in a week or so where we are. Let's just like stay posted on that. If this is like a, you know, I. I wouldn't want. I would want to build like a permanent page that's going to be enduring beyond just this product launch. If we're going to like prioritize it in the like V1 thing here. But if it's just like a, you know, here's what's changing kind of page, then I think, you know, probably better to do like what you guys are already planning to do.
Becca Bressler: Yeah. So it's not really a here's what's changing. It's basically like, sorry, I'm looking for your. Your. Our video because I have too many tabs open. Give me one second. Adam, where the hell is this video?
Adam Harrison: Let me send you this link also.
Becca Bressler: How do I find you? Sorry, I don't know where you are. All good.
Adam Harrison: Maybe if I stop sharing with that.
Becca Bressler: I more just can't find this tab that I'm like talking to you. Hold on. Sorry, one second. Because I was clicking, looking for something. This is the user journey. I'm so sorry. Absolutely insane. I might. I need to just like rejoin this call. Give me one second. So. So sorry. What I was going to show you is this for a second. What we are thinking is like when you see like this, for instance, there would be a Learn More link and it would just take you to a page and it wouldn't necessarily be like, oh, here's what's new in Jot Psych. It would like, there would be three sort of tabs or something and it'd be like EHR Essentials. And explain to you what EHR Essentials are. Dating. Like, just because. Yeah, we just need some way of explaining to people what you get in these packages that's not super dense.
Adam Harrison: Like a features overview page.
Becca Bressler: Yeah, yeah.
Adam Harrison: So I think it could be possible by like early February. I'll need to like check in with crew, like the. The vendor. Ideally we just have it ready. You know, I think it's. What it will require is us to get all the copy and content of like what we want to go on that page done, like asap.
Becca Bressler: Yeah. Yeah.
Adam Harrison: Okay, so let me check in with them when I next speak with them on like timeline. They said like, you know, kind of early February. And let me see if we can like prioritize this age in particular.
Becca Bressler: Okay. Like the features overview, you mean? Yeah. Okay.
Adam Harrison: But just maybe like, you know, just keep it between us now because I don't want to like over. Over commit what we can do yet.
Becca Bressler: Yeah, no problem. We will proceed as though we are doing this, though. It's not the top priority right now. So. So there's no work being done.
Adam Harrison: Okay, cool. Should I talk about eligibility and jot bill?
Becca Bressler: For sure, please.
Adam Harrison: Have you seen the job build deck, by the way?
Becca Bressler: I saw a deck at the retreat and that was the last time I saw it.
Adam Harrison: I don't know if it's different. Okay. It's. It's like changed a little bit. So.
Becca Bressler: And eligibility. This eligibility check stuff is different than drop bill or is it a part of drop bill?
Becca Bressler: I think it's different.
Adam Harrison: Okay, It's. It's related, but different. It's the same way that like jaw audit is related to. Jock coach or something. I guess, like, they're kind of related concepts, but, like, different features. Yeah, yeah, exactly. I think. Yeah. Here's. I'll walk you through how I'm kind of thinking about it. Okay. And did you see the, like, massive eraser board thing that I had for eligibility to it?
Becca Bressler: I haven't, like, gone through it.
Adam Harrison: Okay, that's totally fine. Totally fine. Yeah. Let me try to just walk through this. Find the window. All right, so. Well, let me. I don't want to actually speak to this text, so let me just talk about it first. So I think you should think about this in as, like, three separate things. Eligibility checks, which is just, like, a standalone thing. You put in a patient's, like, insurance info. You click, like, request check, you get a result back. That can be used, like, independently, but it is, like, the first step in filling, like, the whole rcm, because the general flow is, like, you do an eligibility check, you have the visit, the note gets done, and then you hand it over to the billing team. They do all the coding, they prepare the claim, they submit the claim. The claim comes back and is, like, you know, approved or denied or whatever. But if your eligibility checks are wrong, then, like, you're going to get more denials. Right. So Nate likes to put eligibility checks, like, the term he used, which I think is, like, actually pretty accurate, is like, eligibility drugs or eligibility checks are kind of like the gateway drug into billing and, like, rcm. So what we've been doing is we've been, like, meeting with customers, sort of introduce. We've been walking through this deck, talking about, like, the job bill offering, which I'll go through in a minute. And then we've kind of been saying, like, hey, like, just to get started here, like, why don't we start with just, like, we'll do, like, a test batch of eligibility checks for you, just so you could kind of, like, see the kind of work that we do. And so that's like this manual process that I've been doing, which is like, I get the log into their EHR. I do 100 patients for the week. It's me doing manual checks via the portal. Osteo is calling. Lee has, like, an AI agent. Agent dialer that calls as well. And then we, like, compare the results across the three, consolidate, and, like, send them something back in, like, 24 hours.
Becca Bressler: So that is, like, what we've done for. What are you doing that every day for?
Adam Harrison: No, we do it like, we've. We've. We've had, like, one per week that we've had to do, so it's, like, takes a good chunk of, like, Monday and Tuesday because it's pretty, like, manual right now. And we're, like, figuring out, like, the edge cases and, like, other weird stuff and, you know, trying to get the AI agent to, like, work well and figuring out, like, even just the right phone number to call. Anyway, I won't bore you with the details, but it's, like, a little bit of a wonky process. So the plan is to, like, really nail eligibility checks as, like, a starting point and, like, make sure we have a product that really is, like, justifies the high price we're charging, because we're charging, like, 90 cents and.
Becca Bressler: Oh, sorry.
Adam Harrison: Yeah.
Becca Bressler: Okay. I think I'm about to move room. Sorry. Give me one second. Yeah, no worries. Hello? Hello? Hello. I'm gonna go downstairs. All right. Sorry about that.
Adam Harrison: All right. Yeah, no worries. Where was I again? Yeah, we've been doing these, like, manual checks. Oh, yeah. So the goal is to really, like, first nail eligibility checks. Like, Jackson is, like, working on kind of building it into the products. Like, you've started with some kind of, like, product things with it as well. I'm trying to figure out exactly, like, more of the process and the logic for, like, how it all works. Like, what are the inputs, how do we determine the results, what are the outputs, and, you know, some of that stuff. So that's what's in this kind of eraser board. It's like this massive process flowchart, basically of, like, here's the input data, and this is where it goes. And this is, like, the API call that happens. I can talk you through that in a minute. My understanding is I'm kind of, like, owning that end to end in terms of mapping out what the. Process is. And then how. And then working with, like, Jackson to build it into the jots, like, like, you know, so it's like, live in the product instead of me doing, like, manual things. And then we also. I should have added we have, like, a billing expert who I've done, like, kind of. Kind of, like user interviews with, but she's also helped with, like, sales calls. And I'm doing, like, a shadow visit with her tomorrow to see, like, more of, like, how she does her checks. So, yeah, so that's, like, my kind of understanding of where we are now. I think what. How I see this playing forward is like, the next two weeks, we get to, like, a basic MVP of eligibility checks in the product. I think there'll be some ongoing refinement that needs to happen probably for at least two weeks after this is, like, what I'm going to suggest. Perhaps longer, but, you know, at least, like, two weeks for mvp, plus additional time to refine and test. Even two weeks feels a little aggressive, like, to be honest. So. But, you know, Jackson is, like, pretty impressive with how quickly he can build stuff.
Becca Bressler: Yeah, for sure.
Adam Harrison: So. So yeah, there's. We'll. We'll, like, that's the plan as far as jot bill. So what is jot Bill?
Becca Bressler: Wait, so I'll watch. Do you mind if we pause on eligibility checks? Sure. And then keep going? Because that's super helpful to hear. And, like, it almost seems like actually me and Marcus now for. Don't really have to do anything other than, like, having it as a bundle. You can click. Am I wrong? Like, if Jackson is kind of. You're. You're making sure the inputs and outputs are right in the flow. Jackson's making it. Sure. Making sure it's, like, in the product. Is he also doing the UI stuff? Like, oh, the buttons here. You press the button. It. You know what I mean? Or.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, I think I'm. I think, like, what my suggestion would be is, like, yeah, I'm, like, happy to try to, like, own that with Jackson, and if you want to, like, get looped in, like, totally would welcome you. But also, I know you also have, like, I'm sure a lot already going on, so I think if you can. If you want to own, like, the bundling aspect of it with Marcus and everyone else, and we'll just, like, stay in touch. But I'm actually, like. I would be actually, like, excited to take on more of the, like, product. Amazing. No, because I feel like I have a lot of the context, and so it might just be, like, more efficient because I. Otherwise, I feel like we're going to do, like, a big handover of information, and then, you know, it's just, like, from me to you, and then you're going to do. And then it just, like, might create a little unnecessary, you know, like, iteration. Yeah. So I'm happy to just kind of, like, play pseudo PM on the eligibility stuff, if that's, like, cool with you. I also don't want to, like, You know, be in your backyard too much if that's like, not like, your.
Becca Bressler: Your goal. No. So I just want to respond to that quickly. Like, first off, I apologize if me coming in here is, like, stepping on your toes.
Adam Harrison: Like, I had. No, no, no.
Becca Bressler: Who was doing what or what my, like, role is, other than it just came up as, like, oh, we're building this. And it's, you know, this. What I. All the questions I'm asking is like, how I've been approaching the other bundles.
Adam Harrison: So it's, like, totally fair.
Becca Bressler: Yeah. And also it's nice to hear you say that because I actually messaged Nate and I was like, is it too much? Can it. Can Adam do that? Like, is Adam doing this? He. I said. I was like, he has so much more context. We are going to burn so many cycles with me asking questions, not understanding it going back to him, like, anyways. So I'm like, 3,000% on board with that. And again, like, super sorry if I, like, seemingly.
Adam Harrison: No, not at all.
Adam Harrison: I mean, I thought you had, like, really good questions I hadn't thought about. So, like, you know, you've spent a lot more time on, like, product stuff, so I might, like, lean on you a little bit to help me, like, make sure I'm giving Jackson the right inputs he needs and, like. Yeah, I might, like, try to steal some of your advice on, like. Sure, totally. Just making sure it all goes smoothly because we do have, like, a pretty quick turnaround on stuff, so. Yeah.
Becca Bressler: Yeah. Amazing. Oh, my God. This is music to my ears, honestly. And. Yeah. Okay. Like, super sorry if me coming.
Adam Harrison: I'm sure that didn't feel.
Becca Bressler: No, no, no. I was like, I'm owning this because I'm not trying to. To be honest.
Adam Harrison: No, I think you. I think it's like, a very fair assumption to make that, like, oh, this is like, now a product thing. I'm doing bundles. This is part of the bundle.
Adam Harrison: So I don't. Yeah, Okay. I don't. Yeah, it's not like something I'm offended by. Like, I actually appreciated you jumping in, so. So I just wanted to make sure I was, you know, going outside of, like, where I should go either. So I think we both. We both feel the same.
Becca Bressler: You should. And you should just know that about me. Like, generally, like, I feel. No, I'm not like, a territorial. Like, I don't feel that kind of stuff in general. So, like, never worry about that with me.
Becca Bressler: Just in any. Okay.
Adam Harrison: Yeah. Awesome. Awesome. Cool. Okay, cool. That sounds good.
Becca Bressler: You want to know more about JOT Bill, too. Okay.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, yeah. So JOT Bill, as it currently stands, is less of a product and more of a service. Okay. And as it stands, like, today, it doesn't exist. To be clear, like, we have some thoughts on what a methodology would be, but we haven't, like, tested it live with any customers yet. And I think there's going to be a lot of edge cases and nuance and stuff to work through. And I just think the stakes are a little higher because this is, like, money we're touching now, whereas if you lose a note, it's sort of okay. But if we like lose a claim, I think that's going to have a pretty, you know, that's going to probably have a more visceral reaction from like a customer. So that's why I'm like, trying to like, kind of slow roll a little bit. Our approach here, like, you know, I'm trying to strike the right balance of like, speed and execution risk and all that stuff. So. So that's why I want to really start with eligibility checks. Do some sort of like, more design partner limited rollout thing with like a few customers we feel comfortable with. I think we have some now that are kind of lined up, but that's like, basically what it is. The idea is this is for clinics or solo practices where they want to just sign the note and then that's the end of their workflow. That's like kind of the idea.
Becca Bressler: So I think money in their account, basically you just paid.
Adam Harrison: So to me, this like, so where it comes into the pricing thing, we have been marketing it this way as like a. A percentage of collections. So, you know, I think in terms of this, the pack, in terms of the bundles, I think this would sit outside of all the bundles. Okay. Is my, like. Is my. Yeah, yeah. That's my suggestion. Because what we're going to have here is a combination of like, some workflows in jot Psych, some like, backend kind of admin panel that, you know, I'm submitting claims on or something like that, or someone like, ideally a real biller is submitting claims on and then, you know, some like, AI stuff going on as well. I think there could be a version of job bill that is more like the tiny cash register, but for insurance, for people who want to like, do it themselves. But I think we want to start with like the full service offering, you know, kind of prove that out, make sure it's working. Kind of like the same thing we're doing with eligibility, right? We're doing the full service thing. We're doing. We're proving out the concept and then we're going to like, productize it more. So, you know, if I had my way, and I need to actually like outline these recommendations a little more clearly. Like, phase one will be eligibility checks that'll be like, you know, January and February. Phase two will be like limited rollout of billing as a service. And that will be more like February, March, and then I think later after that would be productizing it and offering it as part of the RCM package or maybe separately or depending whatever. So that is my current view of the world and rough timing, but I haven't. I haven't tested that yet with Nate and Jackson, and I need to. I need to like, do a more formal write up on all of it, so. So that's. Just keep that between us and Grain for now. Yeah, sure.
Becca Bressler: Cool.
Becca Bressler: Well, so then I guess is it. So if you, like, sign up for the service that is Jotbill, Eligibility checks are a part of that. Yeah. Which is so. Got it. So it seems like the way currently it's being thought about is like, you can just get eligibility checks through the RCM bundle or you also get it from job bill. Like, there's two ways to get that, depending on how much of the billing you want us to do.
Adam Harrison: Yeah. And I think. I think with. If we did full service job Bill, we would probably waive the 90 cent fee because, like, it's just like we're taking the percentage fee, which is. It feels like redundant. I don't know, we'd have to like, debate that. But, yeah, I think you're exactly right.
Becca Bressler: Got it. Super interesting. Cool. Okay. Yeah, this is awesome. And, and, and just, like, cool to hear about because I have absolutely no idea the. Where's the, like, timeline come from for you.
Adam Harrison: I'm just curious about, like, I just made it up right now, so. Okay. I have no. Yeah, I'm. I still feel like I'm kind of just like, drinking from the fire hose, learning of, like, how this stuff works. Yeah. And I need to, like, actually scope out more of, like, how this would be operationalized in a more, like, scalable way. We can probably hack it together and figure it out as we go. But that's why I'm like, sort of, you know, wanting to pump the brakes on maybe doing like, a big product announcement for this, you know, in the near term. And I would rather kind of like, stick with eligibility checks, really, like, polish that, push that, get adoption there. And then that will be a funnel. Yeah. Into Job Bill, you know. Right.
Becca Bressler: So build that out while you're.
Adam Harrison: We're like, perfecting a set. Exactly, exactly. So I think it can kind of go in phases. And yeah, one thing I, you know, I think it even makes sense to start with, like, got audit and jock coach is like the first on ramp because they sort of need that before they'll be able to do like, billing because they need all the, like, CPT code stuff and other things that are part of job audit, which I'm still like, learning about.
Becca Bressler: But yeah, the interesting thing there actually, so. So just to give you a little more information, Jock coach might be going away like, not sure. But just to keep this is, like, totally off the cuff, but just maybe something for both of us to keep in mind is if people are paying for a billing service, you know, this one thing about job offer. Audit is that it puts a burden on the clinician to make sure their note is really solid.
Adam Harrison: Right.
Becca Bressler: And like a lot of clinicians like don't do that. And like people hire someone to, to, to do it in their office and so it's interesting. And so I think the value prop there is like, oh, you don't need to pay someone to like QC your notes.
Becca Bressler: Right, we're gonna QC your notes. But if we are like offering this like billing service in jot bill, people might expect us to do more of the scrubbing than them using jaw audit. So anyways, I don't have a strong opinion here, but just something for like both of us to keep in mind because those two products interact kind of in interesting ways.
Adam Harrison: Okay, gotcha. Yeah, no, that's a good point. And also like for Jotville to work, we sort of need to be actually pretty prescriptive about what template they use because if they have their own custom template, a lot of times there can be like slop in there. And then the jaw audit like gets confused because it's like there's a random section with billing codes that give some billing codes that like aren't accurate anymore. Or it says time spent 60 minutes and it's actually like a 30 minute session. So anyway, just, you know, if you have this kind of like slop in the note and that's what you're building the CPT codes and the billing and the claims around, like you kind of need to control that. Yeah, what that note. You need to see that note like really well. So you want to have like those payer where for you know, more templated notes where they sort of have to like use our format. So again that's just like people are going to want to use their own notes. Yeah, I'm going to have to have a middle ground. So anyway, there's like a lot of like details like that that are just going to need to be like fleshed out over the next like weeks and months.
Becca Bressler: Are you and Jackson building those templates for people that you're working with or.
Adam Harrison: No, because I've like not yet.
Adam Harrison: Not yet, but we will, we will need to do that. Yeah. Right now the focus is like eligibility and I'm trying to like you know, really crack and then we'll sort of like. But we, we like, we did a customer call like yesterday and we, that's when I really realized like the templates were not work. Like her template was total slop and so that was causing like job audit to kind of break and then if jaw audit is breaking, then we don't have the right inputs for, you know, claims and billing because we're saying it was like 45 minutes of psychotherapy when it's a 15 minute session and the note documents that. Right. So anyway, more.
Becca Bressler: More detail. Customer call.
Becca Bressler: I would be really curious to watch that, like only. Um, because I'm supposed to start doing research on jaw audit, and if it's, like, good enough to ship, like, to a large.
Becca Bressler: What's your impression? Because I'm, like, totally stepping into it cold, I think.
Adam Harrison: Take a look at this grain. Um, I have not. Like, this is. I've had a more limited number of, like, job audit things that I've seen. Um, so I. I don't have a great perspective, but I think this one in particular, you know, it seemed like it ran into some, like, issues.
Becca Bressler: Okay.
Adam Harrison: Yeah.
Becca Bressler: Okay, cool. And. And is this someone that Beverly, she, like, raised her hand for, like, the payerware templates,
Adam Harrison: basically, when they raised her hand for billing, she raised your hand for billing.
Becca Bressler: Part of that.
Adam Harrison: Then we just turned it on for her.
Becca Bressler: Okay, got it.
Adam Harrison: Because we're like, hey, if you're gonna do billing, we need to get you on shot. I don't know what pairware notes, jot audit, is it the same or different?
Adam Harrison: I don't know, but we need to turn that on
Becca Bressler: for you is what I've heard. Now pairware notes is going away. Oh, really? Yeah, So I. And I think so that instead of a pairware. No, it's like, I think it's a. A template that you're describing actually instead. I don't. I don't really know. It's just, like, a thing I've heard a few times. So. Anyways, this has been really helpful for me, so I appreciate talking to you about this stuff and. Yeah, let's just, like, be sure to keep in touch and even. Just like, it seems like maybe it would be helpful to talk on a bi weekly. I don't know. We don't need to be, like, too prescriptive about it, but this call is making me realize, like, damn, you. And I would really benefit from, like.
Adam Harrison: No, for sure, for sure.
Becca Bressler: But Cool. Okay. Super helpful. So. So my takeaway here is like, we will. Literally the only thing we need to worry about is, like, there is a bundle. It says eligibility checks on it. There's. But other than that, we don't need to know any. We don't need to do anything.
Adam Harrison: Okay. Yeah, I think if you can. Yeah, yeah, exactly. And, like, what that upsell kind of flow looks like, you know, it seems like you're kind of working on that already. And then as far as the product experience, like, I'm happy to kind of tackle that. If you have any good examples of, like, something you think I should build towards to share with Jackson, I would love to take a look at them. Like, if you like, I need to, you know, I need to, like, build a new feature. Like, what do I give to Jackson or Alfred or Lee or who? You know, like, I know there's like kind of some mock ups or like, what's on going. Word. Like what you shared with me. Wireframes. Right. And there's user stories and then there's more like data and requirements and stuff like that. So, yeah, if you have any, like, examples of like, hey, when we needed to do the new, like, AI editor, like, this is. These are like the three artifacts I created and like, packaged up for Alfred that would be probably helpful in particular, like, things that you think Jackson. I don't know if you've worked with Jackson as much, but things that, like, he would. I get the sense he can kind of just like, build pretty head kind of. Yeah, yeah. Like, he doesn't really need that much to go off of, but I want to. Just want to make sure I am like, doing. Doing sort of this job properly because it is newer for me.
Becca Bressler: I'll send you a few different examples and I do not read any of them as gospel because, like, I don't even know if they're particularly good. I think that. Yeah, I think that the questions I put forward are probably things that will definitely, should definitely be answered though, right? Because, like, a lot of that stuff is, like, a lot of it, which I don't typically write ahead of time because it's hard to know what all the edge cases are until you, like, start doing it. But I think. Yeah, let me. Let me send you a couple of examples of things that I've done. A lot of what we do though, is it doesn't just. It's not like the artifact is like the thing everyone looks at. One of these people rarely kind of look at the PRDs. I feel like a lot of stuff lives at the project level, like tasks in notion, basically, but. But that's kind of how these guys work and stuff like that. So.
Becca Bressler: But yeah, let me just, like, stuff. And then if you have questions I can answer. But I'm not a great. I'm not super kind of.
Adam Harrison: No, you're totally good. I think I get the sense, like, Jackson might have his own preferences too, because, like, so I'll just need to, like, probably have more regular syncs with him to make sure, like, he gets what he needs.
Becca Bressler: Overwrite. I've actually gotten into a mistake where I wrote a big PRD and then he, like, built something over the holidays and he didn't even look at what I wrote.
Becca Bressler: And I'm like, okay, he didn't need to, you know.
Adam Harrison: So, yeah, he's. He doesn't really need. He doesn't.
Becca Bressler: Yeah, he doesn't need much to go off you against, like, overdoing it unless he, like, needs it, but I'll send you examples anyways.
Adam Harrison: Okay, perfect. And one, I guess question for you on, like, the website stuff.
Adam Harrison: So do you want to own, like, how we present the bundling also externally, like on the website, or do you want me to continue owning that?
Becca Bressler: Yeah, I'm happy to have you continue owning that. Unless you want to bring me into.
Adam Harrison: I'm like, flexible. I think I am trying to limit my surface area a little bit, so I would be happy to. Okay. Kind of shifted off. But I'm also like, I think as long as you can just relay to me, like, what the latest and greatest is. Yeah, I can, like, translate it pretty well. Pretty, pretty quickly. So it's really, like, not a big deal either way.
Becca Bressler: So I'm. I'm totally happy. So I can totally do it. I guess my only questions are, is there anything that I should. Other than, like. I guess here's what I'm thinking. Like, you know, you have been corresponding with these folks and have, like, developed a perspective of your own. And I don't want to, like, come in and, like, suggest things that have already been tried or have been explicitly said, you know, so. So what do you. What. What would you see as my role stepping into this part of it?
Adam Harrison: Yeah, it's a good question. So why don't start. I can, like, kind of keep the pen on it for now and then to start, if you can just keep me updated with, like, wherever you land on, like, the bundling stuff, and then I can, like, we can decide then, like, okay, I'll take this and translate it into, like, the website. Or, you know, you'll just like, kind of like. Well, it's like the same idea. I have all the context, so I kind of know what it's. What I want it to look like there. So I think let's, like, play it by ear a little bit. I guess I'm saying.
Becca Bressler: Yeah, because I can also own the content stuff of, like, how it's. Yeah. Words, the writing, like, whatever. But then because you're in the trenches with them more around, like, the visuals, like, anyways,
Adam Harrison: we can just keep in touch on it. Yeah, for sure. I wouldn't want you to. I don't think you would need to, like, join the calls or like, review their stuff. But I think, yeah, if you have a strong point of view on, like, the content I can own that is probably most helpful.
Becca Bressler: Yeah, I can own that. The content. If there's a particular format you want it in, let me know. Like a memo or I guess you sent me something. I don't know if that's the best way to think about it, but,
Adam Harrison: yeah, I think whatever you're like, don't create any new content for me to start. Like, just whatever you're already doing, you know.
Becca Bressler: Okay, cool. I mean, maybe what it'll end up being is I would. I would just put together whatever content I would put together for these, like, learn more pages and then. Exactly. Yeah. Okay, cool.
Adam Harrison: That's. Yeah. Yeah. Because what I'M thinking is I just don't want us to do duplicative work where, like, there's a Learn More page that takes you to the. A features page that, like, I'm already building, and we'll go live a week later. So, yeah, maybe we just, like, collapse our effort there.
Becca Bressler: Yeah, whatever. Also, all on the content, and it might need to be translated a little bit for the pricing, whatever. But, yeah, I can. I can own that.
Adam Harrison: Okay, cool. Do you want to do, like, a regular touch base and just cancel if needed, or what do you think, like, Fridays or, like, something? Or, like, Thursdays?
Becca Bressler: What? You know.
Adam Harrison: Friday.
Becca Bressler: Wednesdays. Fridays work for me. Or honestly, Thursdays. Like, I don't really. I like having mostly no meetings, but if I have, like, one, that's not a big problem for me. But Thursdays or Fridays, I would say I'm shadowing Friday is the only thing.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, I think I might be going to visit a. I might also be doing a sort of shadow on Friday. All right, let's just.
Becca Bressler: Next Thursday.
Adam Harrison: Yes, do Thursday. I'll send it out now for after the garden watering.
Becca Bressler: Yeah, so I. I have an appointment from 10 to 11, but then I'm free after 11.
Adam Harrison: Okay, I'll do 11.
Becca Bressler: Okay, great.
Adam Harrison: I'm gonna label it as. And we can just. If we just answer, do Async.
Becca Bressler: Like, we can do that too. Yeah, sure.
Adam Harrison: That sounds good. Okay. All right, awesome. And add you to that.
Becca Bressler: And. Yeah.
Adam Harrison: Okay, cool. Thank you.
Becca Bressler: Sounds good.
Adam Harrison: This is. This is great.
Becca Bressler: Yeah, thank you.
Adam Harrison: Okay, talk to you later. All right, bye.