Jon Baer: Thing. One thing I have is. So I can't. So I have some leads that are in, like, the lukewarm that I'm trying over. I had a few questions on a few. And I'm trying to move over to return to later. It just won't let me.
Christopher Hume: I think you have to go one click at a time, which is super annoying.
Jon Baer: It says this choice isn't allowed because of pipeline rules.
Christopher Hume: Can. So can you move them lukewarm to. What's the one after Lukewarm meeting, Scheduled demo.
Jon Baer: Scheduled demos.
Christopher Hume: Can you move them there?
Jon Baer: Let me just had a few questions on a few. So I didn't want. Let me see. Let me see if. Let me just give a shot. Oh, so I have to go to trialing to pilot.
Christopher Hume: Yeah.
Jon Baer: Okay, close one. I have to go. I have to make it. I have to go through close one first.
Christopher Hume: Let's see. Can you skip closed one and just move it to return to later?
Jon Baer: I can go to close lost,
Christopher Hume: and then can you move it to return to later?
Jon Baer: Yep.
Christopher Hume: Dude, that's kind of frustrating.
Jon Baer: Okay. All right. Well, at least I know now. Yeah. Because I had a few. I just was. I'd moved all the other ones to where they needed to be. I just couldn't move these last ones. And I had a few questions on a couple of these last ones. Wait, where'd that go now? It's gone. Not greenwich, So La Hacienda, I think it's.
Christopher Hume: Oh, yes, La Hacienda.
Jon Baer: I. It said that it was a meeting on February 4, so I.
Christopher Hume: What? Oh, no, he was in. That's a clinical advisory board meeting. That's a different thing. When we were trying to reel him in, we put him on the listserv to be on our advisory board, but, yeah, he didn't show up.
Jon Baer: Okay. Okay. Okay. And then Mike Asbok. I don't know if this was a meeting. January 9th, interesting.
Christopher Hume: I. January 9, Interesting. I'll have to see. Is he a user?
Jon Baer: It says calendly bug report hosted by Harold.
Christopher Hume: Have you met with him or spoken with him?
Jon Baer: No.
Christopher Hume: Interesting. He was just one of the stale ones that we popped into your queue.
Jon Baer: Yeah.
Christopher Hume: Interesting. Why do we have this thing here that says he's out through Gen 6? I wonder, is that super. Oh, that's probably from, like, last year. Last January. Yeah. So he's a super user. Let's just move. Hit. Just. He probably shouldn't even be in this. Let's see how many. He probably shouldn't even be in this pipeline. Let's. Thanks for flagging him, though. Can I switch him? I'm going to switch him to. I'm just going to move him to something else. Chris Hume. And then we're going to put him into expansion. Yeah, good flag. Thank you.
Jon Baer: Yep. And then Rebecca from cbm. I mean, I was trying to get a meeting with her for a while. She, like, replied like, yes, I was interested. And then I just couldn't get her back for some reason. She just, like, wouldn't answer the phone. She wouldn't answer my texts or anything like that. But I see a ton of tasks under, like, recent activities with Nate in green and things like that, so I just wasn't sure. Says, like, schedule, mock pitch and send calendar invites.
Christopher Hume: Those. I don't know where those are coming from. I have to kill those tasks because we have, like, a bunch of random coming up. No one is doing those for sure. All right.
Jon Baer: I just wanted to make sure, like, I wasn't missing anything.
Christopher Hume: No, no, no, no.
Jon Baer: Like, move anything.
Christopher Hume: Let me actually add that to my to do list. So I figure out what. I noticed that, too. I'm getting, like, assigned random tasks now. I'm like, what is happening? Okay.
Jon Baer: I think. And then I talked to Joel Lyon the other day.
Christopher Hume: He's the family first guy. Is that right?
Jon Baer: Yeah. And he was. Essentially. He told me that he's can't go with our company, that they've made a bunch of like. Or changes or something like that. I don't know. I. I think it was kind of like. Like bs. I just. I didn't think he.
Christopher Hume: Yeah.
Jon Baer: Wanted to meet, but it. I mean, it wasn't. I don't know, it honestly kind of sounded like he was having, like, a bad day, you know, because the first time I talked to him, it wasn't like he was like. He was always, you know, it was more like, pitched like, hey, like, we've made a bunch of changes, you know, to, like, what you've seen before, you know, things that I think you might find relevant to you that that could help. Would you, you know, would you be open to kind of taking a meeting? He was like, yeah, I'm always looking, you know, what can improve, like, our business and, you know, things like that.
Christopher Hume: So let's just move him to return to. Did you move him to return to later already?
Jon Baer: I. Oh, no, it doesn't look like he's on there, but I'll. I think I. No, I moved him to closed loss. I think, because I had the conversation with him.
Christopher Hume: If you say, up to you, I'll defer to your discretion. If you think he's someone we might want to, like, warm up later, we just throw him in to return later and just put the context of the note. I'm just trying to be a little. Yeah, I'm trying to be. Yeah. But I'll defer to you later.
Jon Baer: I mean, why not? At least he answers the phone, you know? So what's the worst that happens?
Christopher Hume: Yeah.
Jon Baer: Okay. And then I can move. Okay. Yeah, I think that's it for now. And then I'll move the rest to. I mean, Rebecca. I guess I'll move to return to later one more time from cbm. I mean, she replied, like, interested at one point, and then she.
Christopher Hume: Well, it looks like. Have you not reached out to her in a little bit?
Jon Baer: Yeah, it's been a while.
Christopher Hume: I wonder if we. Yeah. If you want to do one more reach out, then we just, like, figure out what our. Our cooldown tempo is and then just put her in another sequence, like at the end of the month and just, like, go after her again until she says to off.
Jon Baer: Okay. Yeah, yeah, that's fine.
Christopher Hume: Yeah. So do you want to just do one, like, hey, like we'll get. Might not be a good time. You know, the classic like, oh, I'll follow up in a month or so to check in. If now isn't a good time, whatever.
Jon Baer: Yeah, yeah. Yep. And then I was wondering if you had any other number for Amy Carnell, which.
Christopher Hume: Who is she?
Jon Baer: So she's. She's one from our list, but the cold prospect. Yeah, but she's literally, like. She's clicked on my stuff like, 17 different times. Okay. And. But the number is to the secretary. And every time, you know, I talk, it's, you know, it's like, oh, if she's with patients, like, if she's interested in anything, like, she'll reply to your email, but it's just annoying. How many times.
Christopher Hume: What's.
Christopher Hume: How do you spell her last name?
Jon Baer: C, A, R, N, A, L. L.
Christopher Hume: Could have guessed. I don't know. Unfortunately, I only have that one number for her.
Jon Baer: Okay.
Christopher Hume: It.
Jon Baer: It so annoying.
Christopher Hume: Yeah.
Jon Baer: Like, you should, like, look at her. It's. It's just. It's wild. It's like, same with Mohab.
Christopher Hume: There's. Hey. I mean, I. Again, I don't want to be too Pollyannish about it. We still have a lot of work to do, but, like, you're booking some meetings. We have Jack and Emily just, like, straight cold, calling clinic front desks. They've gotten one meeting booked. One. One person expressed interest. Hey, follow up later. I think there's a motion here. Just kind of, like, tighten up the. The pitch a little bit, I think. I think we need to, like, probably have a team. Not me, but we need to think about how to, like, tighten up the pitch and, like, how to, like. I think we have to have something different for providers, for receptionists.
Jon Baer: Yeah.
Christopher Hume: And clean all that up. Just, you know what I'm looking at.
Jon Baer: Yeah. Even with, like, like, the receptionist, like, what we used to do with, like, within the CPA segment, because they would always have, like, an office manager, and then they would have, like, the advisors, you know, that. That, like, work for them.
Christopher Hume: Yeah.
Jon Baer: But, you know, we would, you know, simply, you know, we might have, like, we might have had, like, a name, you know, of somebody or it was like the owner or whatever. But then we would kind of like, throw the pitch. Like, do you know who like, kind of handles, like, the IT software, you know, for you guys, is that, you know, know any specific person or anybody I can kind of, you know, reach out to, or am I completely off and, you know, this person or whatnot? And sometimes they would give us, you know, you know, the right person to reach out to. Sometimes it'd be like, I don't know, or I can't give you that information, but yeah.
Christopher Hume: So what I'm doing now, John, is we have. Did you ever meet Aryan? He's this. He's a contractor working with us. He's a machine.
Christopher Hume: He works, he works at another startup in San Francisco but he does some sort of analytics on the side for us. So we're trying to build out just like a internal repository of leads. So we're going through all of the registered clinics in the US seeing which ones of them we can find and ripping the people who work there and their contact info. There still remains some work to be done, but we'll have a pretty robust list pretty soon. So where do you. Let's go through. So I just wanted to show you that. So you know what we were working on. Let's go through your deals. I saw your or your sequence. I saw you're starting to get to the end of the sequence for some people. How does that look for the next week or so?
Jon Baer: What, the rest of my sequence?
Jon Baer: Yeah, I mean I've got a ton of calls. I've like, I'm backed up with. Okay. I've just been not. I mean you see my hours. It's been like one hour here, two hours here.
Christopher Hume: Yeah, yeah. No, I honestly like that's completely fine. I need a little bit of a meeting with an advisor to develop like our plan, an attack ahead. So I just want to make sure that we're giving you. Yeah. That you have stuff to run down. If there was going to be a week where. Or a two week period where we'd want you to be a little slower. It's after you book those meetings. So now I know we have something here and need to build the rest of the framework. So no real worries there.
Jon Baer: Okay, cool.
Christopher Hume: Any thoughts or anything to share about how this is working?
Jon Baer: I mean I, I think, listen, I, I think it's, it's on pace for like outbound. You know, like it's kind of like how it is especially in the segments. You know, we don't have like, like maybe like SMB mid market, you know, enterprise. We just have a bunch of accounts and you're just kind of like going after them. It's luck of the draw. It's, it's just, it's just, it's the way it is, you know. So I, I don't think it's like bad by any means. You know, I look at 128 which is weird, the 128 because if I go to the B2B it only says I have 100 in there. But then here it says 128. So I was always confused about the last.
Christopher Hume: Where does it say a hundred?
Jon Baer: If I go to. I booked. Market it. My 126B2B outbound.
Christopher Hume: Yours says a hundred. Jesus.
Jon Baer: Yeah. Let me share my screen.
Christopher Hume: Share your screen?
Jon Baer: Because maybe I'm looking at it wrong.
Christopher Hume: No, probably not. HubSpot's a little quirky. Because, look, it won't give us credit for the second meeting. It's driving me fucking bonkers.
Jon Baer: I know. I don't know what to do with.
Christopher Hume: I've looked at them, there's nothing. There's like. Oh, interesting.
Jon Baer: And that one was more of a meeting booked than the other one. The other one was like, just like me throwing the calendar out. Yeah, I know it's someone booking on. On my thing, so. But yeah, see how it says, like the size is.
Christopher Hume: Oh, yeah, 100.
Jon Baer: So I was like, trying to find like, you know, the extra 28, but there isn't any. Yeah. And these people, there's. They. They bounce automatically. So they don't. It won't even let me put them into a sequence into. These are.
Christopher Hume: No, I. I actually have no idea what the. What's going on here, but we'll figure it out. We'll work through the kink still.
Jon Baer: Okay, cool.
Christopher Hume: John, can you show me when you go to call someone what it looks like? Could you just, like, look me up? Like, would. Could you just show me, like, a call task and just show me. Okay, and then you call in?
Jon Baer: All has been upsetting me too, because sometimes it just like logs me out and it won't let me log in for, like, hours. I have to like, wait a whole. Like, I went make some dials yesterday. That's how it looked. And I couldn't. It wouldn't log me in. And I kept trying to go to the alaware. I'm like, back to HubSpot and I couldn't log in like all day. So, like, I couldn't make any. Any calls yet. Dude, that's. It's happened to me like three days and it's been wicked annoying because like, when, you know when you get like, ready to call.
Christopher Hume: Yeah. And then you can't do it. Dude, if you could flag next time that happens. I'm actually having some issues with Aloware 2. Had two issues the past, like, week. I haven't been able to get the plugin to work on Jack and Emily's computer. And then I couldn't do some admin stuff. I think we're gonna just keep plugging along with it for now, but if you could let me know if and when the issue comes up again so I can try and see what's going on here, that'd be really helpful.
Jon Baer: Yeah, absolutely. Yeah. It just would let me. It just wouldn't let me log. It just wouldn't let me log. Log in. I. I tried every which way, but baby steps.
Christopher Hume: Baby steps.
Jon Baer: Hey, listen, at least we got a few meetings in the book.
Christopher Hume: Hey, we had two meetings. We have another pipeline built or we have another person to follow up with. Like, that's the whole goal here. Just warm them up. Warm them up.
Jon Baer: I mean, I've got a ton of traction, too, with some of these, like, I mean, you know, clicks and looks and every. It's just, you know. Well, something I'm still bullish on, you know.
Christopher Hume: Me too, John. Week. We're. We're spinning it up. I gave. We literally have 2,000. Excuse me, 24,000. Just looking at small clinics in the US we have 24,000 business phone numbers. So I gave. I started off. Emily and Jack each had a hundred. Jack, he ripped through the hundred prospects. One meeting, one person into pipeline. And then I was like, hey, here's 250 go through. If it's a phone tree, don't even fight it. Just like, churn and burn. We have 24,000 to go through. Like, let's see what we can get moving. So we'll see. Let's see what you can do this week.
Jon Baer: Hey, even if you close 1% of that, I mean, that's.
Christopher Hume: Oh, I know, dude. Okay, awesome. Anything else for me, John? Anything I can help you with unblocked for you?
Jon Baer: No, I did see all my tasks. I know Adam sometimes throws some stuff on there. A Nooks thing. Is that like.
Christopher Hume: Show me that.
Jon Baer: Introduced to Nooks.
Christopher Hume: Wait, that is so wild. Where does. Where is that?
Jon Baer: Can you see my.
Christopher Hume: I cannot. I only. Whoa, wait, Wait.
Jon Baer: This is. I mean, this is already done. Yeah, every once in a while have.
Christopher Hume: I have no idea. I'm gonna have to ask Adam what's going on there. That's definitely not something that. That's. I think something that's automated. I have no idea how you can just disregard that. We got a lot of things to. To sort out before we can go to parallel dialing. But let me. I need to. Yeah. See what's going on there. Tasks ending. Thanks for flagging. All right, sir, keep up the great work. Let's see if we can get one more meeting out of this cohort.
Jon Baer: Okay, awesome.
Christopher Hume: I'll talk to you later, John.
Jon Baer: All right, later, Chris.
Christopher Hume: Bye.