Nathan Peereboom: Hey, Kesha, how are you? Testing, 1, 2, 3. Can you hear me? I think you're muted. Hi, Kesha. Can you hear me?
K S: Yeah, can you hear me?
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah.
K S: Okay. All right. Yeah. I don't know why it went to this email address. I never do anything from this Gmail. But the audio permission wasn't on, so that's fine.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, that's totally fine. Well, hey, it's great to meet you. My name is Nate. I'm the CEO and co founder of Jot Psych. And, you know, I appreciate you jumping on with me. I see that you're interested in our billing services. Before we get there, though, I would love to just know about your world. Where you practice, what you do, what kind of patients you see, and. And then we can go from there.
K S: Yes, I. Mainly adults, you know, 18 to geriatric, kind of staying away from the children at this time for psychiatry needs. And, you know, it's going well.
Nathan Peereboom: That's awesome. Okay, cool. How long have you been in practice?
K S: Since about 2018.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, cool. And tell me about how you do. How do you do billing now?
K S: I have a billing company.
Nathan Peereboom: Great. And do you like them? Do you dislike them? Like, what's your. What's your. Whole process. What made you interested in our billing services?
K S: Well, you know, John, psych, as far as the scribe and the notes, has been so efficient and comprehensive. When Jack called, I said, okay, yeah, I'll take a call. I mean, if your billing is as efficient as the scribe service, I mean, I'd like to know what you guys are starting and what you're able to do. My particular billing company, you know, it's the credentialing front desk and billing all in one. So that kind of helps. But, you know, a lot of credentialing and a lot of trying to get things set up, ACH and electronics, so we won't be dealing with the paper eobs and things like that. So, I mean, it's been over a year and a half, but as you know, it's a process.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. Yeah, it is. We. We just launched our credentialing service, and I can promise you it is. It's. It's a mountain of paper. It's. It's really, like a crazy amount of work. Well, why don't I do this before. Before we kind of go into the presentation? Can you just tell me a little bit about, like, what are you looking for in a billing company? What. What. What is the thing that would make you say, hey, you know what? I'm excited about this. I want to try it? I believe that it's going to solve a problem that I have.
K S: Just the communication, you know, I'm able to pick up the phone and. And talk with someone. Of course, my billing. All the billing companies, as you know, Nate, are usually out of the country, so that would be a difference. And like I said, not a lot of dissatisfaction with. They're very efficient on the credentialing. But, you know, the billing I'm asking for, EOBs, you know, have some positions in the group also. And so, you know, dividing that percentage, I'm not getting some of the EOBs on time, so that would probably be the, you know, the only downside. But the level of efficiency I'm receiving. And so another thing. What would be your cost for billing services monthly? Are you offering credentialing and billing? Just billing. It's going to be embedded in jot. Psych. How. How things gonna work?
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. Okay. Those questions make a lot of sense before I answer them, I guess, directly. How many folks are you billing with? Like, it sounds like you're like, the split. Is important to you? Like, do you operate a group? How does.
K S: Yes, it's a group. And you know, just, you know, one particular physician that, you know, lately she's added on some, what, residentials, boarding cares to the practice. And so she's had a personal emergency. So I'm kind of taking that over. This is not something that goes on all the time. And so with the personal situation that she's dealing with that has had her to step out. So I'm seeing her patients in any referral. So her particular patients that I'm doing follow ups on, you know, that percentage split needs to be differentiated. You know, anything that new that comes through there, it would just go on my caseload and she's not involved.
Nathan Peereboom: Gotcha. Oh, I understand. Okay. Yeah, yeah, well, that, I mean, that's pretty easy because, you know, as. As you know, any appointment or encounter in Jettech is affiliated with the, with the clinician who's actually doing the service. And, and so that split happens naturally, you know, for, for folks who are on the platform.
K S: Right.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, cool. Well, let me just show you kind of what we've got and, you know, if you're interested, we can talk about next steps. Okay, so Jotbill is like a hybrid AI, human billing engine. You know, you mentioned that it's important to you that you be able to call someone and like get a human being on the line in your time zone, probably. And so that's something that we, you know, we know is important. We are using AI to essentially take all of the contracts you have with insurance and turn them into an internal audit system that audits and perfects the note and the claim before it goes out the door.
Nathan Peereboom: So, you know, the goal here is we want you to get paid. We want you to be practicing at the top of your license. We want you to get paid as quickly as possible. And we don't want to have a lot of, you know, denied claims. So everything that we do is oriented around that. Whoops. Now at a experience level, you know, you. And we have a, know a few groups on this at this point. You and anyone in your group who wants to, you know, be a part of the system, you know, you guys log on and you just practice clinical care. You see eligibility, you know, because we do that for you. We write a clean claim or, sorry, a clean, you know, pairware note. Then you sign the note and you're done. We handle everything else. If we want you to update something in the note, we will kick it back and say, hey, we really recommend changing this. But then we, you know, we'll process the claim, and then every month we'll meet with you and show you, hey, this is. This is how it's going. Like, here are the dollars and cents in your practice. So the thing that makes us different is we have. The most sophisticated eligibility checks. We use an API, we use AI callers. We also use human beings. So we have like multiple layers of checking. We then write a note that's informed by both public and private rules. So ama, cms, apa, Aetna, Optum signal. And then we generate a clean claim that is checked with a bunch of rules to make sure that things like ICD10 codes are nested correctly under the, under the procedure codes. As I mentioned, we make sure not only that, you know, your claim is paid, but that it's paid at the level of your contract and that you're actually remitted the money at the same rate.
Nathan Peereboom: So, you know, you can have a dislocation at any point. You know, the, the reimbursement doesn't match the contract, the money in your bank account doesn't match the era. And we're, we solve, you know, we're checking all of that coherence. And then of course, we do billing and collections for patients. So in terms of pricing, you can choose your price, anywhere between 4 and 8%. And obviously there are different levels of, you know, like, detail that we dive into your billing and all of those. So in terms of getting started, what we recommend is beginning with an analysis. We charge like a $300 stake fee just to make sure we're not wasting anyone's time. And what we do is we look at all of your historical claims and we tell you exactly, like, what you're getting wrong, what you're doing. Well, you know, where, where there's room for betterment. And if that is helpful to you, then we can move on to the jot audit calibration. So we'll start collecting your documents and, and really dial in, you know, the quality of, of the, the audit system. And then we'll do, then we'll start doing eligibility checks. And then after that we can, we can go live. So there's a little bit of a process to it. Most clinics find this analysis really, really helpful. The thing we're trying to answer is what are you earning today? Where's money getting delayed or lost? And what changes unlock the most impact? So, you know, especially if you already work with a, with a team, this is a really good way to, to kind of see what's, what's on the table. So let me pause there. How does this sit for you? Does this make sense?
K S: Yeah, I hear what you're saying,
Nathan Peereboom: and yeah, I mean, in terms of, I guess, like, you know, do you have any questions? Is there anything that, that feels unclear? Or you're, you're curious about that, I can kind of pull the curtain back on.
K S: No, I mean, it sounds like it's going to be a comprehensive service. What's the difference between the 4% and the 8% service?
Nathan Peereboom: Great question. Okay, so let's see. Okay, so at 4%, we're doing our eligibility checks. Those actually are 90 cents per check. But, but they're. They're in the essentials package. We do pair aware documentation. So, you know, we're coding and writing the note, you know, based on your paradox. And then we're submitting, you know, a clean claim, but then you're dealing with payment, posting, era, analytics, appealing, etc. The complete and max packages have things like, you know, bank account management, patient collections management, a dedicated billing manager, auto updating of your payer rules, automated appeals, you know, the bulk of it. So. So that. Those are the kind of offerings there now, I think it's in this presentation. Yeah. So if you decide to. If you already have a billing company, we also have two guarantees. One is a price beat guarantee. So whatever you're paying for your. Your billing company will beat it by 5%. And then. And then a revenue beat guarantee, which is whatever you're making from your current billing company will be that by 5% too.
K S: Okay. Okay.
K S: So like a $300 cost up front just to look into the current billing and the situation and to see if it's a good fit and to be able to see what job site feeling can deliver.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, exactly. That's exactly the point.
K S: Okay.
Nathan Peereboom: All right, so I guess I'll ask. Like, I mean, if that's something you'd like to do, I'd be happy to set it up. Is that something you're interested in, Kasha?
K S: Well, I wouldn't want to make the decision right now. And another thing, you know, we're in the middle of, say, you know, getting on with Cal Optima, Blue Shield, Blue Cross, Tri west, and, you know, I would want those credentialings to be done before. And if I were to make a move.
Nathan Peereboom: Are you interested in us doing the credentialing for you, for those?
K S: I mean, would you guys be doing something different? I'm in the process of that with the current credentialing company.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. I mean, the thing that we bring is automation to it. So, you know, there are the. The amount of following up, calling, you know, filling out paperwork, just because of the kind of technology that we use, we just can do it faster. So it's really just a speed thing. But if you feel happy with your current, um, with your current provider, then, you know, there's. There's, of course, no pressure. But the thing that we offer when it comes to credentialing is just speed. We're, you know, we try and be, you know, around 20% faster than the. The average credentialing company.
K S: So do you have. I mean, have you. Have you been doing any credentialing? I know this is. It sounds like a new service with JOT side, but.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, credentialing is a new service. You would be one of the first few customers we have for credentialing.
K S: So you can't. You can't, like, give me a timeline of what it has looked like, say, with Caloptima, Blue Shield, Tri West, Kaiser, any of those?
Nathan Peereboom: Yep. Yeah. No. So in full transparency, like, we've got a few other customers who are, like, in the middle of credentialing, but. But not. Not through the process yet.
K S: Yeah, I mean, I. I mean, it takes what it takes, you know. You know, making sure I have everything updated in the caqh and it takes what it takes. Now, would I have to transition everything over if I wanted you to target a particular insurance company to credential? I mean, is there, like, a separate fee? Okay. I'd like job side to work on credentialing me with, you know?
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, I mean, I think that that would be a really good way to start. Honestly, Kasha is like, give us. Give us your hardest credentialing problem. Like, give us the. The pair that you're struggling with or that, you know, that would really unlock something if we got it right and, you know, let us throw our entire technical might at it. Yeah, I mean, I think that that would be. And look, if you are interested in credentialing, I think we should set up another meeting for me to walk you through what our process is, because I think that you probably would benefit from seeing, like, okay, this is how I'm going to get updated. This is what they need. These are the boundaries, all of that. So if that's interesting to you, like, I'm happy to set up some more time for us to, like, really get into it.
K S: Yeah. Because, I mean, one particular. But, you know, I'm running into things that I think, you know, it's things that I need to take care of, like, I want to get on with. Where are you located, Nate?
Nathan Peereboom: I'm in Washington, D.C. what about you?
K S: Okay. No, I'm in California.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay.
K S: And so, you know, California is tough, but I do have a Delaware license, so you might be able to work with that. I haven't done any credentialing. I just haven't started the process with Delaware and New York. And so maybe those are two states. I can give you that since that's on your side of town. I don't know if that will make a difference.
Nathan Peereboom: You know what I'm saying go slightly faster from our inbox.
K S: Exactly. So I'm just like, You know, but one particular inland Empire, I. E. Hp I can't think with the HNP health plan. And they want. What do they want? So I'm dealing with not having. They want a collab supervising position, collaborating physician. That's on with them. Those are some of the things I'm running into because these collab physician companies, really expensive. I wish you guys offered that, you know.
Nathan Peereboom: Well, I can promise you we're. That is the one that is one thing that we. We don't do, sadly. So.
K S: Yeah, but yeah, we've heard that that's hard. Yeah, very difficult with trying to get on particular panels and then, you know, I mean, I have positions on that weekend credential. But the other thing is they want an office in that area. I'm in Porter Ranch, California, which is in the Valley, right outside of Los Angeles. And you know that Inland Empire place is about at least 75 miles away. But, you know, that's a big population. It would be great to be on with them. And so, you know, I. I guess I'm. I'm not running into like any credentialing. I mean, they're pretty efficient with that, you know, like, you know, Kaiser's not taking outside providers, but, you know, us talking, you know, going on and getting the DEA for New York and Delaware, that could be something I'd like to do separate with you guys.
Nathan Peereboom: Well, why don't we do it then? I mean, that. That sounds like an awesome toe dip for you. I think that you'd learn a lot about the quality at which we operate. I think it'd be good for like relationship development. It'd be, you know, it'd be something that, you know, was the right surface area for. For you kind of being able to see exactly like why we're different. And we would love to do it. So why don't we set up some time to. For me to like walk you through that process. But let's tentatively say that we can do maybe Delaware and New York for you.
K S: Right. I mean, I. I mean those are just two sets of license I've secured. And you know, I'd like to. I just don't want to put anything else on their plate, you know, so.
K S: I understand that might be a good start for us. So maybe we could meet. Can I give you a. Answer you back in an email. What's a good day in time?
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, you totally can. I also have my calendar right in front of me. And so I can also, like, put it on my calendar if. If that's. If that works for you.
K S: Well, right now I need to return a few phone calls to my front desk to see what has been scheduled this week and what has not. Like, okay, I'm like super busy every other week, so next week would pro. I wouldn't probably be able to meet till Friday, but I'd like to get back on. It's only Monday, so if we could get back on this week. But I need to speak with them and see what they've scheduled and when.
Nathan Peereboom: Kesha, I am totally slammed for this week, so next Friday is actually the best time for me. Could we. If. If next Friday works. Because I. I also would like to kind of shepherd this personally for you.
K S: Absolutely, absolutely.
Nathan Peereboom: So maybe like, what? Okay, 2pm My time, 11am Your time on Friday the 13th. That would be amazing if that worked for you.
K S: We can put that down tentatively. You can send me, you know, reminder or like we did with the link.
Nathan Peereboom: Great.
K S: I'm going to.
Nathan Peereboom: Yes.
K S: Yeah. I'll follow up this week, see if anything is on for next Friday and if that works, and I'll let you know as soon as possible.
Nathan Peereboom: Perfect. Okay. That is a plan. That's great. And in Kesha, can you just send over the email that's more ideal for you? You had mentioned that this email isn't the one that you typically check.
K S: Right. A is in Apple, A, H, P. G as in good. K a s@icloud.com.
Nathan Peereboom: oh, man, I think you're faster than I am.
K S: Ah, G as in good.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay. Ahg no.
K S: A as in Apple, P as in Paul, H as in Harry. No, I'm sorry, I'm sorry. A as in Apple, H as in Hairy, P as in Paul, G as in good, K as in Kite. A as in Apple. S as insam@icloud.com.
Nathan Peereboom: all right. Okay, great. I am sending that. Do you mind just confirming that you received that invite?
K S: Let me see.
Nathan Peereboom: Oh, but this is the email that you said you don't check very often. Do you have another one?
K S: No, no, the CMFT where this link came through. I don't know. Maybe I got the invite and this is the one that a lot of, you know, the info. I mean, it's this email. Everything flows here. All the other emails.
Nathan Peereboom: Awesome.
K S: Yeah. So this is the preferred.
Nathan Peereboom: Great. Okay. Preferred. Perfect. And you've received the invite, so that should, that should work.
K S: Yes.
Nathan Peereboom: All right, perfect.
K S: And I'll respond to that. Between today and tomorrow, I should know what's scheduled for me next week. I mean, my Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday is just not an option next week. But people that have will come on later this week, the new patients, I have to see where they put them on. So we won't be on no more than what, about 30 minutes most?
Nathan Peereboom: 30 minutes is perfect.
K S: Okay. I will confirm that. If you don't hear from me, we're good. If you hear from me, I'll respond to this invitation saying we need to see what other times and dates are available.
Nathan Peereboom: Perfect.
Nathan Peereboom: Hey, I'm really excited. This is great. And I really appreciate you taking a leap faith with us. And you know, we're gonna, we're gonna serve you as, as, you know, as best as anyone possibly could.
K S: No, I'm telling you, I had tried several AI scribes, note taking and you're pretty comprehensive. You know, it has worked for me thus far. But I'll be with. There was something, something about the AI scribe I wanted to mention. I can't think of it right now, but I'll. If I think of it, I'll just shoot it in an email. One question. Not on today. And so when I'm using it, then that's what I'm like. I need to ask jot side, can we implement this or is this a coming up feature? But I can't think of it right now because I'm not in it working.
Nathan Peereboom: Well, you know, you've got my phone, you've got my email, and we love feedback and guidance. So, you know, feel free to message me at any point and I'd love to kind of hear how we can make the software better for you.
K S: Okay, that's great. So like I say, give me at least till tomorrow to confirm. If you don't hear from me, we're good. If you hear from me, I'm going to try and look at everything and talk to my front desk and see what I have going around that time.
Nathan Peereboom: Lovely. All right, looking forward. Thank you.
K S: All right, Nick, have a great day. Bye.
Nathan Peereboom: Bye. Take care, Kesha. Bye. Bye.