Adam Harrison: Hi, tracy. Hey.
Adam Harrison: How are you?
Tracey Sanderbeck: How are you?
Adam Harrison: Nice to meet. Yeah. Nice to meet you. How was your Monday going?
Tracey Sanderbeck: Good. A lot of running around, busy, but other than that, I'm doing good. How about you?
Adam Harrison: Yeah, same here. We're getting right into it this week. It's a busy start, but it's good. And where. Where are you based out of?
Tracey Sanderbeck: Florida?
Adam Harrison: Ok, what part?
Tracey Sanderbeck: Basically Tampa Bay, but I'm on the west coast, all the way on the. I always say, look at the state of Florida. And then on the left hand side, when you see that little hemorrhoid sticking out, that's where I live. Yeah, seminole.
Adam Harrison: Oh, great. Yeah, my parents are in Sarasota. Yeah. Just below you. Yeah. So it's a nice area.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Yeah. I mean, it's been. My gosh. Last couple of days, we finally got warm weather back, and it's been so nice.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, it's been a tough winter for everyone. You know, even down in Florida, it's been cold, right?
Tracey Sanderbeck: Yes. Terrible, terrible, terrible. Not like you guys, but.
Adam Harrison: Well, yeah, it's.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Where are you located?
Adam Harrison: I'm in New York, so we got, like, a foot of snow. Last week, and thankfully, it's melting, but, you know, it's been that kind of year, so. Ready for spring? It's March. We need spring to come ready for it, so.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Yeah, I don't know how people live. In that. In that weather. I just don't. Because, I mean, all you want to do is sit on the couch. There's no motivation to do anything.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, yeah. Yeah, absolutely.
Tracey Sanderbeck: The last several days than I have the last week and a half because it's been cold. But anyway, we're getting there. Oh, gosh.
Adam Harrison: It's a process. All right. Well, should we should we jump into things here?
Tracey Sanderbeck: I was wondering if we can record this because Jim is playing golf, and so I just figured I would do like I did last time, and I just sent it to him when he when we're done. And then Jeanette's driving down, so she's. You know, she's on her way down here, so she's on the road, so she couldn't come, so.
Adam Harrison: Yeah. Yeah, totally. Do you have. I don't know if I can. I have my notetaker in. I don't know if. Do you have your own that you want to include or.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Turn the camera off. Share screen I don't think. I don't know much about this versus Zoom. Let me see. I think. Are you recording it? And then. I don't know.
Adam Harrison: I don't know if I can share it, though. Let me see.
Tracey Sanderbeck: I know that Adam or not Adam. I know that Nate did last time chat with everyone. Meeting tools. Let's see if this does anything. Speech, translation, time or record. Unavailable. Access and management is limited due to meeting restrictions.
Adam Harrison: Where did you see record?
Tracey Sanderbeck: On the. On the bottom right hand side of the screen. There's meeting tools. It's like looks like bunch of dots. Like a square, and you click on that and then it comes up. But it's telling me that I can't do it. I don't know if you can do it.
Adam Harrison: I think so. I have this. You see this grain Note taker. I think I should be able to send you that.
Tracey Sanderbeck: I think that that's what Nate had before. Pretty sure, yeah.
Adam Harrison: Okay, awesome. So, yeah, we'll do that. I can just send this to you afterwards, so you should have. Yeah. You should have everything. Everything there. So. Yeah, let me just. I'm going to jot down a reminder to do that. And thank you for kind of getting already some of your documents over. That's helpful to get us kind of jump started here. As you know, insurance has always got, you know, things you got to set up, and it just takes time. So appreciate you kind of jumping on top of that.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Sent me a list of all of the insurances, and I'm like, oh, my gosh. Aetna Ahmed. Blue Crossmanship Daycare Bay Care is cigna. Florida blue. Humana. I don't know if I had Humana in there or not. Oh, sorry. That's my. Oh, my God. My cat has dementia, and so she does this sometimes, so just ignore it. It's not there's no baby in distress. My patients are always like, is the baby crying? I'm like, there's no baby, but she's not well in her head. But anyway, okay, so then I had so I'D have to look at, like, UHC as United Health. Imagine 360 Maritane. You know what Jeanette's going to do is, like, look on the ability and stuff and see if she can find any more. Like contracts. These are all the contracts, my initial contracts. And I have the hard copies of those. Outside of that, I just would somehow ended up on. Network with these other people. I don't even know how I did it. So, anyway, so. But she went through and made a list of everybody so that we can. We can work on that, getting the rest of it, but those are the major ones.
Adam Harrison: Perfect. Perfect. That sounds good. So we'll just get that. Yeah, if you just send them as you get them, I'll get them kind of set up for you. And then in terms of what you already discussed with Nate, Did you want to kind of like, did you already discuss with him, like, if you're doing one payer at a time or you want to go all at once, like, ready to go? Like, what's kind of your billing situation in terms of, you know, how you, how did you already talk about how you want to approach it with Nate, or is that kind of for us?
Tracey Sanderbeck: Not really. But I did have some questions because logistics, like how this is going to work, because Jeanette and I were talking on the phone while she was driving. And our to kind of give you a real quick snapshot of my practice. So single provider. So it's me and my husband and I started it. He did all of it. He did. He ran the practice, managed everything. Did the billing, did all that. And then, unfortunately, he got cancer and he passed away. And so my sister was already working for us, answering the phones and making appointments and stuff like that. And then after he passed away, because it was kind of. I mean, I know it had cancer or something, but it was so unexpected. So we just. In fact, the week before, he had just said to her, He would never, like, teach her how to do it because he wanted to keep working. He was always wanting to just keep working and working, working. And so she didn't really. He never got a chance. But, you know, like a week before he had said, you know, she was on her way down, and he's like, well, I think I'm ready to kind of teach you some of the billing. And because we're just trying to get him to. Take some. Take some time off, you know, take a little time off or whatever. And he just didn't want to do that. But so anyway, so then he passed away. And so then Jeanette and I had to kind of come in. And figure it all out. We had no idea. I, of course, knew nothing. She didn't know anything, so. That's kind of the. The picture of it. So the way that we. The way that. That I have it set up is we don't bill, we don't do any billing. We collect at the time of service. It's not, it's not an option with us as far as allowing people to. Carry balances. We just don't do that. So the way that we do it is. I'll show you real quick. So Jeanette prints up a sheet from Dr. Frono that looks basically like that.
Adam Harrison: Every day.
Tracey Sanderbeck: So it looks like that and it has the time and it has patient's name, and then you can see. I don't know if you can see, like, see all the amounts that are next. So then she puts that and then up to 24 hours before their appointment. So she does it the night before. She charges her credit card that's on file. The only charges that are not put in by her are if the patient has a deductible plan because she doesn't know what code I'M going to use. And then I code it, and I know what code, and then I look it up and then I charge it. And then I have a girl named Karen. That's not really word. She's not really working out anyway, but whatever. Because Jeanette used to do it. And I was trying to take some pressure off of Jeanette. She was. She was doing this as well. Because it's not integrated. We use instruments. So then she would go in and post the payments. So now I have this girl. So then we put everything in. On the patient's note like on the I can even show it if we want to share screen. I can show it to you if it matters. But write in the notes section on their appointment. Jeanette puts how much they owe P for paid. And then if it says, if it says, you know, deductible, whatever, it just says deductible. And then I figure out the deductible, put in how much, then I put the amount P and then she knows. And then she goes in there this care and she goes in there, she posts the payments. So we were recently getting ready to integrate square, because they use instamed integrate square, so that whenever we charged a payment into square, it it goes in a bucket. And then once the claim is processed and it shows there's a patient balance, that money comes out of that bucket and gets a pay. So then that was going to eliminate Karen having. To do the. You know, because it's just a lot of like, you know, I mean, it's just. It's a waste of our time to be post and payments when it could be done. Simple. We just. I just figured out that I could do this or I've been doing it all off.
Tracey Sanderbeck: So I was getting ready to integrate square and then that's when I kind of started talking to Nate about the billing and this and switching completely and really using jot cycle a lot and eventually moving over to drop site for as a ehr. But one thing at a time. I want to get the billing set up. So I know that you guys have stripe, I think. Stripe. Is that right? And so he showed me how to put the payments in. It's just a matter of. Now he has, like, all the credit cards again, because we have them all stored. Everybody knows that they have to have a valid credit card on. Online. So that's a very quick kind of a flow of how we. How a day to day operation is. I don't want. Jeanette's still going to manage the money. Jeanette. So whether it's your stripe, whether it's through square, whether it's through continue with instrument. Jeanette is still going to be putting charging the credit card so that you guys don't have to deal with the credit cards and all that. My question is, when Jeanette puts it through. Like she does. How does I mean? If we put it through Stripe using your system. Is it going to automatically post to Stripe, integrate with your billing and automatically post? That's the answer? Yes.
Adam Harrison: It's all. It's all connected.
Tracey Sanderbeck: So that answers that question. I know that stripe. Do you know the cost of stripe? I looked it up and I didn't. I looked up square and I looked up instrument. Instrument does not charge her transaction. I think stripe does. And do you know off top of your head how much? What percentage?
Adam Harrison: Yeah, I think stripe does. That's like, similar, like a credit card processing fee. I think it's like 2.9% or something like that. So. They do. They do. Yeah. They do charge, like, a fee that we. Yeah.
Tracey Sanderbeck: A stripe actually integrates with. Charge. To enter. I just pulled it up the other day. Computer and they charge, I believe. Her transaction as well. Like it's. Hold on a minute. Let me pull it up here. Two point stripe charges. Okay, so, yeah, for point of super expensive compared to the other ones, but whatever. Yeah, it's so crazy. For point of service, like in person is 2.7 plus 5 cents per transaction. Manually keyed on the computer. 3.4 and 30 cents per transaction. And instead, what I'm paying now is 2.9 and 0 per charge. And then I think, char, I think. I want to say square was. Square was, I can tell you. Let me just change this word to square. I thought. I thought square was more expensive, but. But. And also not 3.5 and 15. So stripe is a little bit less. 3.4 and 15. It's. It's what, a tenth of a point? Whatever.
Adam Harrison: So pick your poison with these. They all are going to take their cut, you know, but. But yeah, we do use stripe and that will, you know, that will the patient payment and the claim and that, that will all get like loop synced together. But this, this is really helpful context. I would love to like chat a little. Bit more. Kind of. So it's. You're. So you're a solo practitioner. Are you seeing a mix of, like, in person, telehealth or one or the other?
Tracey Sanderbeck: Mainly telehealth because nobody wants to go in person. But I do have an office, and for a while Medicare. Made, made a stipulation that everybody had to come back for one visit, blah, blah, blah. So then I would see in the Medicare, and then they backtracked on that, and right now, so they just extended it, I think, for two years. Or maybe. And then the controlled substances was just extended for another year. So right now, just strictly every once in a while, I'll see somebody in the office. Because down here, I don't know how it is up there, but Walmart, they're, they're terrible. And they will not fill any controlled substances unless they've had an in person visit, even though the DEA does not require it. And it's very hard for people to get their stimulants down here. I don't know how it is up.
Adam Harrison: Oh, yeah, There's a shortage, you know, here as well.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Yeah. Yeah. So just so that I can kind of use Walmart here and there. I'll meet somebody in the office, but pretty much telehealth, but possibly in person, so.
Adam Harrison: Okay, that's helpful. And then as far as like, do you do a mix of med management and psychotherapy add on or just.
Tracey Sanderbeck: I do med management primarily, but I do quite a bit of psychotherapy. Add on because my appointments are 20 minutes. My new patients are an hour. And, I mean, at times I go over. So I do, like a brief psychotherapy, but I just. I'll add on a 99. 33 or sometimes a 36. Because I do have patients that like to group a little bit and so I schedule them for a 40 minute appointment. So that's like. Yeah. And so then I'll do a 36 for those. But Nate. And we're going to be looking at. Probably maybe even being able to increase the amount of three threes that I add on. And then one more little piece to the way that just to round out everything is at the end of the day, when I finish my charting, because I chart. I mean, my charting is at the max, maybe one day behind, but pretty much not. I keep on top of everything. When all my charts are locked and done, I go in and I. I go into life. Claims feed and I go. Build. Build insurance. Type the word confirm, click go, and it bills the insurance, so. I think that Nate said that that's still going to be a process, that we're going to have to build the insurance when the. When the notes are completed or the billing is in. So Jeanette will continue to do that. But right now, that's kind of how that's. So that's. Exactly the process that we're using right now. So I don't know how that's going to differ or how that's going to change or how that. How this is all going to work, because I. Never. We've always done the billing. Always.
Adam Harrison: Never.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Yeah.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, yeah, we'll get into all the details for sure. And then as far as, like, yeah, for how you're doing the billing right now, what's like, the different pieces of software that you're using. So you are using jot sync for notes, what are you using for ehr, what are you using for billing? Like, those are probably the two main things, everything.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Is through Dr. Chrono.
Adam Harrison: Everything's Dr. Crono.
Tracey Sanderbeck: They just change from Trizetto to. Gosh, your photo, which sold not too long ago to something else. P8 I don't know if you know any of the clearinghouses. It was Trisetto, and they were fabulous. So I don't know why they switches it. Ph. I don't know the name of it, but we just switched. So I just sent just did all of change over the clearinghouses with all of my. All of my payers. I just went through all that. Three or four months ago, so I can't think of the name of it. But anyway, everything's Dr. Chrono billing. I do everything through doctor. Only thing I don't do right now is, like I said, I use Instam ED, which is the POS outside of Dr. Chromo.
Adam Harrison: Awesome. Awesome.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Although I am starting to use Joss Cycle for a lot more. I'm dabbling in like send it. I just love it. It's so, so user friendly. I'm dabbling and sending out some of the. You know, questionnaires that I can do. Text the patients, and they fill it out and they send it right back. So I'm doing a little bit of that through jot site, but AI through jot psych and then. And then erx is through. Doctor Chrono, but I think Nate has. I saw in their sign up for to be able to send my prescriptions.
Adam Harrison: Are you prescribed? Yeah.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Yeah, I don't know how to. I haven't even. I haven't even looked that. I don't know if there's a charge for that. I don't even know how that works.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, that's an add on. I forget the exact amount, but yeah, if you wanted to do that. I could. Like, set you up with one of my colleagues who is doing that. But yeah, it would be like an additional. I forget the exact monthly price, but it's like a monthly subscription, so that's like an option. But not. Not required for the billing, but certainly, like, if you wanted to. So that's all helpful. And Nate has a login, right. So for your Dr. Chrono. So, okay.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Analysis and send it to me. And that's when we have the meeting last week about. I forget what we called it, but yeah, the whole analysis.
Adam Harrison: Perfect. Perfect. Okay, well, I'm going to just pull up here. Kind of this checklist. This is kind of our onboarding checklist. Just so you know what we're kind of working through. Can you see my screen? Is it, like, too small?
Tracey Sanderbeck: It's a little small, but that's okay. I can see it.
Adam Harrison: Okay.
Tracey Sanderbeck: There we go. Much better.
Adam Harrison: So, yeah, so this is. This is kind of our checklist. So we kind of covered this already. Although I don't know how many patients roughly are you seeing at any given time?
Tracey Sanderbeck: I see. I see an average of 16 to 18 a day, but 20 something a day because Wednesdays are my late days. So.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Okay, I should probably know those numbers, like how many I'm seeing a month. But I'll be honest with you. Dr. Chrono is not. Has a terrible reporting system like reports. To pull a report. I mean, Nate can tell you. He. He said he's, you know, you guys, you guys are used to doing all that, but Jim is my father in law and he likes. He pulls the reports and looks at the financial stuff and does all that, so he's kind of helping out. Since Randy's not here and. Yeah, he. And he's a computer guy, too, and he's retired, but he's a computer guy and he can't. They're very difficult, so to try to get these numbers. Like, you should be. Like, I should be able to go into Dr. Chrono and press a button and look at. A report and tell me how many patients I saw in the last three months. Like my active list of patients. No, you cannot do that. Can't do it.
Adam Harrison: One of these things are harder than you would expect. Or not. Not intuitive, but. But, yeah, we'll work on, like, going through that and making sure. We can export everything and load it into jobs like. But I'll come back to that in a minute. So, yeah, we have access here. We did jot bill the analysis last week when they. I've already added, like, R billing. This is just, like, some internal setup on our side, so we can, like, view your claims and things like that. Just to give you the overview. Then we'll kind of walk, start walking through some of these. There's some clearinghouse setup we have to do to be able to submit the claim. So this is like a one time setup. It's. We use a clearinghouse called Steady. But it integrates with jot stake. So you'll never actually log in to study. Everything will just be inside jot psych.
Adam Harrison: But there's just like a one time setup we have to do. This is all the, like, document collection stuff, so. You know, already have, I think, a number of those from you, but, you know, we should just kind of go down the whole list. I think the most important stuff is just understanding how you are registered in their system. Like, in particular, one thing that not everyone you know, knows is like, oh, did I register under my type 1? NPI, or am I under a group NPI in their system? Or you know, which address is like the billing address that's on file, so all those things just have to line up.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Pretty simple. Like, the billing address is just my address. I've changed my address. I had to change offices after Randy passed away because I needed to be in a place that was. There were other people around, and so whereas our other office was, you know, there was no exit out the back. It was just a safety issue. But anyway. So it's all one. All those addresses have been updated. Phone numbers have always been the same. Since 2018. Fax number has always been the same. My. What do you call it? Oh, God. Why am I drawing a blank on it? The place. Oh, my gosh. I'll come back to it. It's a. I have to keep it updated and all the insurances go there and it has my malpractice in it. It has all of it in there. I can't think of it. What is the name of it anyway? That's all up to date and then. What was that also? What else did you say?
Adam Harrison: Yeah.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Oh, the mpi. The only mpi, that separate MPI that I have, everything is under one mpi, which is me, Island Life and. And my name. And then the only ones different is Medicare. I have a separate MPI for Medicare.
Tracey Sanderbeck: A different FBI. But everything else is under one MPI number, so it should be, I think, pretty straightforward.
Adam Harrison: Nothing.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Yeah.
Adam Harrison: Great. Great. That's awesome. So that should be pretty straightforward. I'll probably send you, like, one more just kind of intake document that's, you know, just to make sure my records match yours and all that stuff. So anyway, just important to make sure, like, claims don't get denied for, like, silly reasons. You. Know. Then there's. Yeah. So this is all kind of like payer enrollment stuff that we will do. All in here. So there's some, like, just setting up your billing identity. Just enrolling with each payer. Just, you know, some of them payers are easy, some of them take more time. You know, you won't really have to do any of that. That'll be like our team. This is everything around eras and efts. So right now, I'm assuming eras you have set up to go to Dr. Chrono. Or do you get, like, paper. Paper eobs in the mail?
Tracey Sanderbeck: Do you know, get a few. And there's still a few checks that I get here and there. There's still a few. What do they call those stupid virtual credit cards? And I can't seem to get it fixed.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Oh, yeah, yeah, I used to. I just switched. Well, not just, but it was. So it would have been in 2023. I switched all the eft from square, which is what I was using, but not integrated because I didn't know anything about integration back then. So we were manually entering everything through square, and then I switched over to instamed, and so I just. Well, I don't know. No, I won't have to do that. Because the EFT is going to be the same, right? It goes to my bank account. So that's all done. And all I have to do is sync your. Like, give you my bank information. We're supposed to go, right? Because all the insurance companies, they send it right to the bills or, I mean, the claims are paid right to my insurance company.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, exactly.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Exactly. So we don't have to do efts. Thank God.
Adam Harrison: Ok, that's good. Yeah. If you are still getting some paper checks, we would just want to set it up for those, but otherwise, you know, should be just a couple.
Tracey Sanderbeck: And we tried. I mean, there's like one tricare. For whatever reason, I'll get a check for every once in a while, and then sometimes. Anyway, there's just a couple.
Adam Harrison: There's always some. Some holdouts. So we'll do. You know, eras is really. That's kind of when we'll really. That's when we really want to kind of make the transition, because you can't get eras sent to two systems at the same time. So it'll kind of mess up your accounting if you do, like, a partial transition. So that's why when we get to that point, it's kind of like, okay, at least for, you know, Cigna or this payer. You know, we want to move all the claim submission and eras into one system. So that's, that's just something to be aware of. Then stripe. This is for patient payments. We'll go through and get that set up if you don't have it already. We'll do the migration of all your, like, patient data in the jot. Psych. We'll show you our new. Like, our. We'll get you set up with some new billing templates, which are, like, specifically built to make sure the note captures, like, all the things, like, the modifiers and blah, blah. Blah that we would need. And then there's a few more things on here that, for some reason, are not on this list. But intake forms is another one. So I'm not sure how you do intake forms now, but you know that we have, like, an integrated intake form in jot syke that you just send. It goes to, like, a text message to the patient. They would be able to fill out all their contact info, insurance info, address, and then that gets populated directly into their patient profile. So then it will just flow automatically onto a claim whenever you like, finish with that patient. So we'll get you set up. We'll do, like, tutorials with all these different things. But that will come, like, on a. On a different day. But that's kind of our roadmap here. And then we'll. Usually do, like, kind of a few tests before we really move everything over. Like, just make sure everything is going to, like, work in as expected, and then, you know, we'll do, like, the full migration after that. So it's definitely, you know, it looks like a lot, but, you know, we'll just take a piece by piece. And, you know, what I would like to start with today is just this steady setup, which takes about, like, 20 minutes or so, and that can run in the background. And then while that's going, Well, we can, like, talk through some of these other things, okay?
Adam Harrison: All right, so what I'm going to put in the chat here, the website. And then, if you don't mind, just go into that website. I'll walk you through the kind of setup process here.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Okay? Let me close all this.
Adam Harrison: And if you want to. If you want to share your screen, I can just, like, show you exactly where to click, but.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Let me just close this, because I have, like, 50,000 things open, but let me just close these, and then I'll come right back to you.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, Take your time.
Tracey Sanderbeck: That's the one. There, there. And. Then we got that. And then we're going to share the screen. And then. Which one am I sharing all of? How do I do, like, a whole thing? Select. Oh, entire screen. There we. Is that good?
Adam Harrison: Yeah, that works.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Did it go?
Adam Harrison: Yeah.
Tracey Sanderbeck: There we go. Okay. All right. Is that good? Can you see everything? Yes. Okay, so let me go. Let me get out of here, and then let me. What do you. Where do you want me to go?
Adam Harrison: Just type in steady.com s t e d I. Yep. There you go. And then go ahead and on the top right click, sign up free. And then just do the top. Yeah, that one. Clearinghouse. Then you'll just have to. Yeah, enter your info there.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Password. Guess I'll have to save this. I'll use that. Do you want me to use a different password so that you know it?
Adam Harrison: We don't need it. Whatever you want is fine. We don't need to ever log in.
Tracey Sanderbeck: All right. Please use your work email if you're having issues. This is my work email.
Adam Harrison: Oh, you know what? Sorry. I will send you another link. It it tries. It doesn't like the Gmail accounts. So give me one second, I'll send you a new link. Sorry. This happens sometime. That's like, you know, like. Like a paid address, basically.
Tracey Sanderbeck: I have one. You want me to use that?
Adam Harrison: It's totally up to you.
Tracey Sanderbeck: I have my secure email. It's still Gmail, but it doesn't have Gmail on it. I can try it. I l m h island.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, that might. That would probably work. Yeah.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Yeah. Is that good? Sign up. There we go.
Adam Harrison: You. Thank you.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Affirmation code. Where'd it go? Oh, into my email. Hold on a second.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, it's going to make you. It's going to make you do that, and then it's going to also make you do Google authenticator thing.
Tracey Sanderbeck: I don't know what that is, but we'll figure it out. 805. 783. What am I doing? What should a legal name of your company? Make sure I spelled everything right because I transpose numbers. Okay. Want me to do here?
Adam Harrison: Yeah, go ahead and do basic.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Basic. I have read the agreement, which I haven't voted. Okay, I trust you. And billing address 3772. Country, us. Probably you. There we go. United states. All right, what am I missing here? Billy. Billing, address details.
Adam Harrison: I think you just got to pick a country, it looks like.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Oh, I thought I did. You asked. United states. United states. Oh, there we go.
Adam Harrison: Yeah.
Tracey Sanderbeck: All right. Reviewing your account.
Adam Harrison: All right, let me see.
Tracey Sanderbeck: How long you've been with Jot Psych. You've been there from the beginning.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, I've been there for over a year now, so, you know, kind of. What's that like? I joined January of last year.
Adam Harrison: So a year and a year in change. So you've been with Jake's, like, a while too, right?
Tracey Sanderbeck: Yeah, since last year. I don't know when you guys. When they started, but, I mean, it was. There was. It was just. They've done a lot since I've been there, so.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, it's changing quickly, right?
Tracey Sanderbeck: Yeah, every day.
Adam Harrison: Yeah. It's been a lot of fun to be on this side of things. And, you know, we're. We're building a lot, we're doing a lot.
Tracey Sanderbeck: What did you do for this? Did you do, like, the same thing?
Adam Harrison: No, I was in. I was in, like, management consulting before this. So I was doing that, and then I worked with Nate. We both worked at the same. Same firm beforehand, so that's how I followed him here. Yeah.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Okay.
Adam Harrison: Let me see here. So, I'm not sure if this is a minute.
Tracey Sanderbeck: It held up. Or is it?
Adam Harrison: What's it doing?
Tracey Sanderbeck: I don't know how long this usually takes.
Adam Harrison: So usually. So I have, like. We have a Slack channel. With steady. And normally I just ask them to approve, and they approve, like, right away. But it must be no one. No one's, like, in front of their computer right now, but. That's okay. We? You know, it takes some time to set up anyway. So let's see here in the meantime. We could probably get some other things set up. Do you have Stripe set up in Jot Psych yet?
Tracey Sanderbeck: No.
Adam Harrison: Should we. Should we run through that quickly? It's, like, pretty. It's pretty quick to do.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Let me go here. Hold on. Okay, so reload course. Nate showed me where to click, and the thing came up. Oh, hold on. It kicked me out, I guess. All right. Okay, where do I go?
Adam Harrison: Can you share your screen? It's probably easier if I can.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Was. Hold on. Maybe it stopped. Oh, okay. What did I do? Entire screen. There we go. Share. Sorry, I thought I was. It must have me out. All right, so let me get it. Now, can you see where I am?
Adam Harrison: Yeah, I can see now. So go ahead and go to your practice on the top. Oh, sorry. Actually, it's under billing now. I think we moved it. Billing and auditing and then go to bill patients.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Patients.
Adam Harrison: And then. Yeah, go ahead and go through that. Is it not doing anything?
Tracey Sanderbeck: Yeah, it's going. Can you see it still or no?
Adam Harrison: Oh, yeah, there it goes.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Just open. Sign in to express. I have no idea what that means.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, it's a little confusing, but you can just do your regular email. Or whatever email you prefer. And then if you already have Stripe set up somewhere else, it should just link. But if you don't, it will make you do a whole, whole thing.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Sorry, sorry. No, I don't. I've never used stripe.
Adam Harrison: Okay? Okay. Yeah, it might be worth just kind of us going through it now, just in case. Just so I can, like, walk you through it.
Tracey Sanderbeck: All right. Phone number. Do I use Message and data. So should I use my personal cell or my office number?
Adam Harrison: I think either should be fine.
Adam Harrison: I guess it's good it was your personal work.
Tracey Sanderbeck: I could have just. I do you spruce. So I would have just been right. I can look at it.
Adam Harrison: Ok, gotcha, gotcha.
Tracey Sanderbeck: All right, let me just go back here. Use a different phone number. Okay, there we go. Individual company or what do I do?
Adam Harrison: Go ahead and do. Yeah. Company. So it'll be like. This will be like your actual. This is, you know, wherever you want, like, your money to get deposited, basically.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Well, it's going into. It's going to go into my business account and Chase.
Adam Harrison: Yeah.
Tracey Sanderbeck: So I, I, I have an llc. But for tax person, I'm an S corp, so I don't know which to put there. Should I put llc? I don't think I'm a sole proprietorship. I don't think. Unless that's what S Corp means, I don't know.
Adam Harrison: I would do. Probably llc.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Llc? Single member. All right? If you're a public company, select other. No, I'm not. Okay. I do know that much. Okay? Here we go. Look at that. Ein number 830-9972-558309-97255. Business address? This is all correct. Industry.
Adam Harrison: There should be like a healthcare or mental health one in here if you just type it in to search.
Tracey Sanderbeck: It should come up in the end. Mental health.
Adam Harrison: See if that behavioral.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Mental health is. It's not under that. Maybe under just medical.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Yeah, that might be organization, other medical services, telemedicine, telehealth, doctors and physicians.
Adam Harrison: I do mental health services. Yeah, there you go.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Business website www dot. Ism. I always transpose these, so I have to make sure I spell everything. Okay, There we go. Verify your personal data. Gracie. Email. Date of birth. Home address. Yes. Phone number? Yes. Last word. Address? Yeah, I guess. I don't know. Chase. Pull up my stuff. Connect to patients agree. Log into chase.
Adam Harrison: If you want to unshare if you don't want to do your banking. You can stop sharing screen if you want.
Tracey Sanderbeck: No, I've got it. I've got. This is weird. I have this. You're not going to be able to see. Plus, I'll. I'll hunt you down anyway.
Adam Harrison: Okay?
Tracey Sanderbeck: Try to get in my bank. No kidding. But let's see. Okay? I got to make sure I put the right one in. Is this it? No, that's not it. Pays business, okay? It is 27. This one. Yep, that's it. Sign in. Okay? Here we go. Link your okay. Next. Let's try. One cell balances transaction count number. We'll substitute these. Oh, yeah. I've done this before with this. Whatever. All right, these accounts. These are the accounts. Okay. Well, let me see. Let me make sure. I want the. I think I said 2309, but let me make sure. This is business. 23 9. 23 9. Next. Think my account. Two. Yep. Eight through seven. What's. This. We'll send earn send earnings you receive this account linked. We'll send earnings. You received to this account? Yes. Yes. Let me just make sure this is right. 2309. Yep. Continue. Single knocker island. Like 566. Yep, yep, yep. Statement descriptor.
Adam Harrison: All right. I think it's done.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Good. Very good.
Adam Harrison: Yeah.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Now, let me see. Oh. Where did that other one go? Where did steady go? Did I mess up and go out of it?
Adam Harrison: Got it. You were right. You were hovering over it, I think.
Tracey Sanderbeck: I was here.
Adam Harrison: There you go. Yep.
Tracey Sanderbeck: This.
Adam Harrison: Yeah.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Oh, yeah, here it is. Oh, no, it's still going.
Adam Harrison: Overviewing. So no one's. We might have to come back to this another time because no one is. Approving this. So. Yeah. We might just have to come back to this.
Adam Harrison: But that's okay.
Adam Harrison: We can go back here to my list. Yeah, that's normally kind of the first step in the process. I can send you kind of, like a little bit of a guide on what you do once you get accepted. And we can either, like, do it together on a call, or you could probably just do it, like, whenever you get approved, they should send you an email. But I'll send you like, what that entails. The other thing I sort of need is basically I'll send you a worksheet of like just the stuff about how your credentialed. It sounds like it's pretty straightforward. It's all type 1 MPI except for like, you know. A few other things that are like Medicaid, I think you said was type 2 or something like that.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Yeah, medicare. I don't.
Adam Harrison: I'm not medicare. Yes. But, yeah, it'll just be basically like your mpi, Tax, tax id, service address, billing address. And then whether you have, like, EFTs and eras set up or not, So just for each payer, that's basically what we would need to know. And then we can get all the enrollments set up we need on on our side. So I think it might just be best from here if I kind of send you. Everything via email. As far as, like, the immediate next steps. Unless you have, like, a little extra time now to stay longer. We could get into some, like, demos of, like, how to submit a claim and stuff like that.
Tracey Sanderbeck: But, yeah, I have time if you, if you want to show me how to submit a claim. Because the process is going to be basically the same, right? I mean, at the end of my day. I'm going to finish my charts. In Dr. Chrono. See, I don't know how this is going to work, so I'll finish my chart in Dr. Chrono and lock it, and then I'll come over to. I'm probably going to have Jeanette do this part. Or maybe I'll do it. I'll come over to jot Psych and then will it just like it will have all the patients I saw that day and I just kind of click, click, click and send. Is that how it works?
Adam Harrison: Yeah. So basically how it will work, we can do a demo from your account. I'll actually turn this feature on for you right now. But I would say it's going to. You know, you'll be able to do everything. Out of job, Sykes. So you'll have your schedule for the day, right? You'll see a patient, you'll record with Jotsyc. And then when you're done recording, you know, you'll get the note. And then you'll generate the note in one of these new templates that I'll. I'll show you where to find them. That we built specifically for billing. And then once you're done kind of editing the note, you actually sign the note in Jobs Psych, and then press, like, a submit to billing button. And that will, like, create basically, a claim. That is like that our billing team will be able to submit. So that is kind of like how works.
Tracey Sanderbeck: I'm not going to have to submit a code. In Dr. Krono or anything anymore. I'm going to have to bill. I'm not going to have to submit like a 14 or a 33 or whatever. I'm going to put all that in jot site, sign my note. And then I'm going to go back to Dr. Chrono and just copy and paste like what I've been doing. Copy and paste the note into Dr. Chrono.
Adam Harrison: If you want to keep the note in Dr. Krono, you could definitely do that. Or you could just kind of, like, keep the note in Jobs Psych, because you are, like, signing the note, so it's kind of up to you. Like, but, you know, you may. You may be able to, like, move on from Dr. Chrono. Also, at some point, if. If you're just using it as like, yeah, that's
Tracey Sanderbeck: what I want to do, but I'm going to have to have help. Like, yeah. Apparently, which was, unbeknownst to me. I guess they just automatically sign you up. They don't even ask if you want to continue your contract. Like, I message my, my, my account rep, and I said, when's my next. When's my contract due? Because I haven't received it to sign it. And she said, Oh, your. Your contract renews in September, so you've got a while. Well, I never signed a contract in September, so I don't know how I'm under contract with them, but I'm assuming there's probably some sort of. Blurb in there that they've added that unless you cancel your contract, that it auto renews is what I'm assuming.
Adam Harrison: So I've not heard of that before, but that's. Yeah, seems like. They should at least confirm that.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Yeah, you would think so. Yeah, but. Yeah. So I'm going to have to. I may have to. But apparently migrating all of the patient information over into. Doctor from Dr. Chrono into a new ehr is they don't make it very easy. Like, they, they put it all in this file. And so like, if you look up a patient, blah, blah, blah, Joe Smo. It'll just, like, have all of his billing, all of his notes, all of his. And it's just a hodgepodge, and it's a bit of a nightmare. So they charge, you can have a read only. You can pay, like, $200 a month to have a read only. Portion until you move over. Because the thing is, I don't know how long, like, I think I have to have access to those records. You know, I have to. So I think the best thing would be to just have you guys move everything, like, migrate the whole. The whole record over. So what I've been doing, and Nate told me a little bit too late on this, but it is what it is. What I've been doing is. If I can show you real quick. Can you see me still?
Adam Harrison: Yes.
Tracey Sanderbeck: So. So look at my. So look at my patients right here. So if they. Who's this? Alfred Appleseed. I don't know who that is. Did you do that?
Adam Harrison: That's just like, a test one that or a, like, fake one that's in everyone's account.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Oh, it is. I never seen it before. Ok, so you see how these patients. This is my fake one right here that I use. But anyway, see how every patient. Is in uppercase. So say like I do. Let me think, let me think Let me think of somebody. Hold on a minute. Let me just. So I'm a little, like. I'm almost three months into this, so I'm hoping it won't be too bad.
Adam Harrison: Ok.
Tracey Sanderbeck: That's not too bad. So, let's see. Everett moore. Let's see. Me, megan malboni. Probably not, herb. Okay. See how she's a lowercase? Because I used to just type in their first name, last initial sometimes, like Meg, and she went by Megan. It was nothing official. So what I've been doing for the past. Almost three months. Almost is like tonight I'll sit down and do all of these. So then I'll go into this one. And I will click on here and I'll change this to uppercase so that I know that I've upgraded this fascia, putting their date of birth, their sex. Phone number and email. So then those are patients that I know that I'm saving, and if I have, like, more than one, a lot of times it'll say Megan Balboni, and there'll be, like, four of them in there. And because before, the way I was using Jot Psych, I was typing them in each time. I didn't say I never saved. I deleted. As soon as I took the note and put it into Dr. Chrono, I deleted it out of there. So I've been working quite a bit to try to get by patients all like this, you see. So I have quite a bit of them moved over here. What's the difference? Do you know the difference between the ones that have the letters and the numbers? Because I've been trying. If they have a letter. If they. If they have letters, I try to use the letters. I think the numbers are old.
Adam Harrison: I have no idea.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Okay.
Adam Harrison: Okay. So what, you've already been uploading? Their, like, insurance and address and that sort of stuff, or just the name.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Just the name. And the name. Date of birth, phone number. And email. That's all I've been doing. I haven't been. See how this says yeah. I have not see that. See. I wish I knew that. I wish I knew that this was here. Like, no, I haven't been doing any of that.
Adam Harrison: But then able to do that.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Pull it. Okay. Thank God.
Adam Harrison: Yeah. Yeah. So we'll be able to do that. No worries there. Let me kind of. I will have to hop in a few minutes, so let me at least show you the kind of how the. Like, how it would work. Like the billing stuff first, can you go to documentation? Then go to note templates. And then go to browse library. At the bottom.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Browse library. Yep.
Adam Harrison: And then go ahead and search for, like, 992. It should come up. Oh, you already have these? Have you been using these templates at all?
Tracey Sanderbeck: Are these. What do you call these? What do you call these templates? I was. I was God. I forget my brain. What is wrong with my brain? I'm not. They had me set up in trial. These payer. I can't think of the word you guys use them for.
Adam Harrison: Oh, yeah, like the payer aware templates.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Yeah, I kind of stopped using them because the notes were weird. And they didn't cover everything, and I was having to erase a bunch of it. And to be honest with you, and I brought this to Nate's attention and, you know, and he agreed with me. You know, there was a few of them where they were like, this is the. This, this criteria. This note meets the criteria for a 13, and maybe a 33, maybe not a 33, but then. It was a stimulant. You know, it was a stimulant. And they had several diagnoses. And it was clearly, there would have been somebody that I would have charged a one for. And he, you know, I sent it to him and I'm like this, I don't think this is right. He goes, you're right. This is not correct. And so that's kind of when I stopped using the Payer aware and I just went back to coding my, you know, doing it myself.
Adam Harrison: Ok, Got it.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Go through the same thing with this, right? It's not going to. It's not going to sail, all of this stuff. Like it only meets the criteria for a 14 and all that, right? I mean, a 13.
Adam Harrison: I mean, I think it depends. How long ago was that where you were doing that?
Tracey Sanderbeck: Like, I don't know, a month or so ago.
Adam Harrison: Okay. Like, upgrading them and updating them. So I think if you shared that with Nate, my assumption is, like, they've fixed it. But, you know, I guess what I will say is you are definitely free to use. I see it looks like you have some, like, custom templates in there that you use. Like, you're definitely free to. You're not, like, required to use this template for billing, but. It does contain, like, the elements we need for, like, the modifiers and, like, the other stuff. Like the therapy, psychotherapy, documentation, time. So I would say, you know, I might just, like, Try it out again and see if it's better for you. Like maybe this week, if you have a few patients, like, just do a side. You can, you know, generate the note in two templates. So generate one in, like yours. Generate one. In this template and just, like, see, see if it's better. And I would love to, like, get any feedback from you if it's still not working, but these are the ones we kind of do recommend for, like, billing purposes.
Tracey Sanderbeck: So then if I'm going to do a, if I'm going to do so do I need. It's in your list. It's in your list. Where is it in my list? Over here. I don't see it.
Adam Harrison: So I think it's the one that. It's kind of like the text is cut off. It's the two. That's those two. Yeah, that one and that one. Those two.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Okay. All right, so I'll. I'll try it. I'll try it tomorrow. I'll do. So then this one would be a regular med management. But what if I. Oh, E and M. Okay, so this is a 3336 or 38 with a 990. Okay, so then. Okay, so. This one equals my I L mh. This has a med management with therapy. This is just a progress note. This is my new patient. And then this one. So then this one would be just my progress note. And then this one would be my. With therapy. Okay, I'll try it tomorrow. I'll try it tomorrow and check it out.
Adam Harrison: We also have an intake one. If you just type in, like, intake in this bar.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Is that down here? Is that this one?
Adam Harrison: No, I think that's. That looks like a custom one.
Tracey Sanderbeck: What I did was replicated it. Yeah, I stole it and I just put it there because, actually, I like this intake better than my intake. And this has just been in the past week I've been using this.
Adam Harrison: But let me see. Look. Yeah, it might. Be the same one.
Tracey Sanderbeck: That I. I don't intake 11 minutes. I don't think that I.
Adam Harrison: That one with the numbers on it. 97.
Tracey Sanderbeck: This one. Oh, no, that's not it. That's not it. Yeah, this was just a regular psychiatric. Let me see. I'll show you which one that one is. Hold on a minute. Bs y c h I mean. Oh, yeah, I guess it is. They renamed it. It was. It was just named Psychiatric Intake. I put the two and I put the ILMH on there. This was. This one was just down here. But now I guess. Okay, so let me add this one to mine. Yeah, Just.
Adam Harrison: I'd be curious if those will work for you. So it looks like. Actually, it looks like it has both of them on the left. So this is the intake, and then there's yours right above it.
Tracey Sanderbeck: And see tomorrow. I'll use these. Do I have a new patient tomorrow? Let me see. Let me see. Yeah, I have a new patient, too, with all my. Yeah. Oh, I have two new patients. And yeah, ok, cool. Oh, God, no, that's not tomorrow. That better not be tomorrow. Oh, yeah, no, I don't. No, I don't have any patient, but I do have a couple on Wednesday. So anyway, I'll try it. I'll try.
Adam Harrison: Awesome.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Yeah, I'll. I'll. So these are the ones here that I need to use. Okay. Yeah, I'll try them. Super. What's supervision? List. If a stimulant. Consider vitals. Baseline beta block. Okay, well, this is all very different, all right?
Adam Harrison: This should be good. Yeah, just give it a try. And, you know, we can all always, like, modify things if it's not how you like it. And. Yeah, it's. It's good to kind of get good. You know, we try to, like, recommend these for. For billing just. Because. Because it's, you know, lines up with what the claim needs and what you need for documentation and all that. So if you have, like, a test patient already in your account that we could, like, go through the workflow with, kind of like go through that, and then I think kind of pause on things for. For. Today.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Do you want me to do it? Pull it up now. You mean do it now?
Adam Harrison: Yeah, we can do. We can do one quickly if you already have, like, a test patient.
Tracey Sanderbeck: This is my test patient.
Adam Harrison: Do you have any notes with this patient or.
Tracey Sanderbeck: No, I said this. I did this to myself.
Adam Harrison: It was a form. Yeah. Maybe try the Alfred Appleseed one that might have. Like, that might have someone a note on there. Yeah, try that. Go ahead and go to there.
Tracey Sanderbeck: What's that?
Adam Harrison: It's not showing anything. That's. Okay. Well, we can also just do, like, if you. We can just do, like, if you have an actual note, so we can just undo it afterwards, all right?
Tracey Sanderbeck: Let's not do him. 28. Let's do. Let's find. He's a complicated one. I don't know if we want to do him because I. I tried several different. Let's see. Let me find somebody that I. Did you want me to do a new patient or a regular?
Adam Harrison: Could be. Could be whatever. Maybe like an older one that you've already, like, submitted the note and the claim for. And so it's like not. You know, it won't. It won't. Cause any, like, confusion.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Ok, let me do. Who have I seen recently? But then I can pull up. March. Let's go back to January. Let's just go here. He finds somebody that I did. Oh, yeah, I did her in a hair like she gives. It. Okay, so let's try her. All right, so 211 and 1 14. To 11. Let's try this one, because I think she was. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. So. So then let's do. So this is what my note looks like now. Let's go and do medication manager and psychotherapy out on so let's do that. And regenerate it. Let's see what it looks like.
Tracey Sanderbeck: And this is one that I build a one. Four and a 33 on. See, and this is okay, Patient location, patient home, providers location. See, this is the thing is it always says for rider, location is at my office. And I'm not at my office, I work at my house. But I guess just leave this because I don't want my home address on here. Right. Yeah.
Adam Harrison: I'm. I'm not 100% sure. I would have to check with, like, our biller on that.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Okay? Patient history patient, others present non issue resource patient. Okay? Does it have to have the time stamp on it?
Adam Harrison: I don't think it's. I'm not sure it's required. Because E and M in this case, you're not billing based on time, you're billing based on complexity. So I think that's probably safe to delete.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Okay? When would I not be able to delete that? But see, right here it says total EM is 30 minutes, excluding psychotherapy. Based on medical decision making. Basis. See, this is where it gets confusing, because. All right, let's see. Routine, routine, follow up, progression, blah, blah, blah. You can fill me, okay? Interval Symptoms Patient transition from citalopramia one month ago. Reports improved energy, depression, transient. Reduce afternoon crash, okay? Why did I do a? She's usually just regular, but I know that she was having MSC risk appearance, well groomed. Mood is better. This might be the wrong one. I feel better. I have more energy. Children care responsibilities ongoing blah blah blah and the empty and time MDM problems address included medication management for my evaluation for trichophyllama remission. Significant psychosocial stressors. Ok. Data reviewed included patient or home. Yeah, okay. See, that meat is saying It's a 99214. See? And basically, this is where I get confused. Because medical decision when they have. Usually when they have more than one diagnosis and you're making, you know, you recently made a medication change. That will ratchet it up to a four. C and I charged a four on this. Element summary. And this is another thing, too, okay? Confirm active stimulus C. And this patient has a stimulant prescription. She's also on stimulants. No concern. Duplicative control. You see what I'm saying? So how is that a 13? I don't think it's a 13. I mean. I think I had just changed her antidepressant, I'm pretty sure. Did I increase this? I think I increased it. Or I changed it. I can't remember. Yeah, I changed her from. But yeah. Transition from Selexa to Vibrant a month ago, so I'm doing a follow up from a med change. And she's on a stimulant. Explicit. Okay, Here, wait a minute. Well, groom, blah, blah, blah. Times3. Children care. Responsibility. Okay. Explicit suicidal screening completed and documented. No safety plan required given. I always. That's good. I always had problems. Address included medication management, evaluation of trichotillomania and remission. New significant psychosocial stressors. Data reviewed included patient reported home or rank, weight and symptoms. Rating risk low for acute safety concerns but increased psychosocial stressors. See a 1 so 13 element summary problems are established. Psychiatric psychosocial stresses data reviewed. Reported medication reconciliation, pharmacy routing risk, moderate complexity due to stimulant medication management. Recent medication switch. So how is. Oh, my God. My dog. Oh, Marlin. How. Do you say? It's moderate complexity. Due to stimulant manager. Recent medications with psychosocial require in support of psychotherapy. But we're still just doing a 13. This is. That's why I.
Adam Harrison: That's. Yeah.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Doesn't make sense to me. And then I have to spend way too much time going through all this, and, like, I don't know, this is why I stopped using. Those what you call them again? I forget now.
Tracey Sanderbeck: The payer where templates pay or where. And this is the exact this is at the same patient. But this was kind of the same situation. And I'm like, whenever it's a stimulant, it's automatic because of the high risk, it's basically automatically a 14 with with a stimulant. Although a lot of times, if they're just a regular. If they're just, you know, I'm just seeing them for adhd and they're stable. I see them every three months. Majority of time I will do a 13, but technically I could do a 14 because of the moderate complexity due to the use of a stimulant. You see time documented in medical record. Whatever, okay? Consistent with patient report? No. Concerning. Ok. Control substance. Okay. Psychotherapy. 10 to 12 minutes supportive psychotherapy. Add on. So see if it's 10 to 12 minutes. You know, it has to be supposed to be like 20 or 16 to 20 minutes or something so that. I don't know that this meets the criteria. Mortality, supportive therapy, problem.
Tracey Sanderbeck: But validation nerves response Exploration of decision making Encouragement of legal consultation Consultation Racing thoughts. Patient and Ray engaged, tearful at times. Anger. Distinct, distinct service modifier 25 applied. I don't know what a modifier 25 is. Yes, psychotherapy. Provided separately and distinct from that. Addressing acute marital okay. Risk, low safety. Yeah, okay. Coordination of care. None of this Visit Fair Baseline BP not performed. Home monitoring Resting heart rate, 60 beats per minute for her oura ring. And then here we go. Major depressive disorder Generalized AVHD Trichotillomany Medical association presents with persistent depressive. Okay, switch. And ongoing stimulant therapy with situational escalation. Plans continued. Okay? Modifiers in billing. See established rates selected by MDA based on multiple psychiatric diagnosis, but if there's multiple, that usually ratches it up. Medication management moderate complexity, psychosocial stressors requiring counseling. Add on code 16 to third phycotherapy separate. Okay, 25. I don't know what this modifier 25. I've never heard of that. Whatever. But that might be a billing thing. But yeah. 99213. Why is this only a 13? I actually built that as a 14. And a 33. And it says moderate complexity. I don't get it. See right here. Moderate complexity, psychosocial. Say something about stimulants in there.
Adam Harrison: I think you're right. This is really helpful. Would you mind just sending me? Like, could you copy the URL that you're on right now? Yeah. Just send it to me because I think this is something I should pass along.
Tracey Sanderbeck: And like I said, You can talk to.
Adam Harrison: That's right.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Nate.
Tracey Sanderbeck: And he probably has the other one that I sent him. I think he does. Because if not, I can tell you I sent it to him just the same way. And I believe I can find the email if I have to. I'd probably have to really look for it, but anyway, it was the same kind of a situation.
Adam Harrison: Yeah.
Tracey Sanderbeck: And it kind of scares me because I'm like, holy crap. Here's when I started using. And I told Nate this, too. When I started using jot psych, I was so happy because. I know I do the work. I know I put the time in. I know that we cover all this stuff. I do all this work. And before you know, you're charting. I always charted while I was seeing the patient and I did bullet points, but a lot of times I undercoat it because I literally could not type as much stuff as we talked about, the things that we did, and I felt like I didn't have enough documentation to support my. Coding. And then when I switched to jot psych, you saw how my notes were. I mean, it covers so much. But yet I feel like this note. I think I'm going to be straight with you because that's just how I am. This note very much looks like it's geared toward billing 100%.
Adam Harrison: And it's not geared toward what you need in the note.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Yeah, what I needed to know. So let's go back to. Let's just look at her. Herod. Just for example, if you want to see rr, there she is. 2 11. So let's look at this note right here. See how this look. I mean, this. Look at all this stuff. I mean, this is like what I did with her.
Adam Harrison: Truly.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Here's a test score as I always rate their self report. Sometimes they send this stuff. I talk about their sleep and address all this medication, like what I actually did, where it went, blah, blah, blah, the plan. Well, homework, you know, I don't know why that's on there, because I don't. Really use it. I thought I took it off and I thought, I leave this in here. And then I always get double check their height and weight and stuff. But you see how this note comparatively. You want. I don't know. I can send this one to you if you want to, if you want to compare it, but. There's more. I understand that. We've got to go. We're trying to hit the billing. I get it. We're trying to support the billing. But what I'm hoping is not going to get lost in here is God forbid. If I get called into court or something happens. I have a note that reflects I have a patient right now that was charged with a crime. And they needed some notes and some proof and things like that, you know, And. And plus, when I look back on these notes, I got to be. Sorry. I've got to be able to. You know, I want to. I wanted to paint a picture of what I actually did and what we. You know, kind of what we talked about and what I recommended and when I talk about the medications and all of that stuff.
Adam Harrison: Okay, now I hear you. Well, let me pass this back. I mean, this billing template is not, like, required by any means. So I think. Especially if it's, you know, this. Yeah, especially if you've got this template you really like, right now, I think we can. Probably just plan to stick with this one. But what I do just want to show you is how you actually submit a claim. So what if you go back to drought psych?
Tracey Sanderbeck: Go back into that one.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, you can do it from here. This one works just as well where you were.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Okay. Sorry. I'll just go back in here. Yeah. Okay.
Adam Harrison: So, yeah, all you would do is go to once you're done with this note. So whether it's this one or the other one. So if it's actually you can toggle between these two notes if you. Yeah, it's right there. So. That's your. That's your. That's the. So. Yeah, so if you wanted to sign that one, you could, like, click on that where your mouse is. And then we'll flip back to this note and then go ahead and just do sign note. We can, we can like amend it later. But what it's going to ask you for is like to fill out a few of these different fields here. So session details. Billing codes and then attestations. So, you know, normally I would just kind of. Yeah, like that one is office, but it should be telehealth, right? Modality. At the top there should be telehealth. As well.
Adam Harrison: Modality tell or video, I guess. Right? Yeah, you can kind of just make sure that this looks correct. Maybe you're recording was like it says, was 21 minutes. Maybe it was a 30 minute appointment. Right. You started it late, so kind of like just modify any of these things for the session. Once you're done with that, you can go to billing codes, which is the next part.
Tracey Sanderbeck: It won't let me erase the two.
Adam Harrison: You might have to just use the arrows on the side there to go up and down.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Oh, God. Okay, Where?
Adam Harrison: You got to pick a number from the top, I think. Just 30. Yeah. 30 minutes. So, yeah, go ahead and go to billing codes. We're not going to submit this as a claim, so it's. It's totally fine. But. But, yeah, these are the codes that you want, you know, used here. It'll recommend a code which is, you know, it looks like here, it's. Recommending 214 and 833.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Let's do. Yeah, so see this? This is this a perfect example. It's recommending a 14 and a 33. Right.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, I know it's inconsistent with the note, so I totally hear you on that. So. And then. Yeah, you pick the diagnosis code. So it's going to have those there. You can just star the one that's primary by clicking on it.
Tracey Sanderbeck: I have to just pick one.
Adam Harrison: So you can add as many as you want, but you got to pick, like, a primary ICD code. And usually, like, we recommend, Right. I think typically it's better to have more for billing. And usually there are more anyway. Like, usually a lot of them kind of go together. But you can kind of like if you got rid of one of those, if you click the X.
Tracey Sanderbeck: How do I pick them all? Well, all of this, so this is primary, but all of these are going to show up on the billing because that's important.
Adam Harrison: Yes, they all will. And if you click the X on one of them. So, like, if you want to get rid of one.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Yeah.
Adam Harrison: And then you could search for what you want.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Okay? Gotcha.
Adam Harrison: Yeah.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Yeah.
Adam Harrison: And then once you're done with that, you're going to go ahead and do. Yeah, you can add what you want.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Okay?
Adam Harrison: And then there's some attestations that, you know, you don't have to click, but, you know, we kind of recommend just checking those. And then. Yeah, once you sign, you can do that. And then it'll. Take a second, and then there's this. Create claim button on the top. Right here? Yep. So once you hit that. That basically sends that. That's, like, the signal that, like, okay, this node is signed and it's ready for, like, the billing team to submit.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Oh, okay.
Tracey Sanderbeck: So it's just one button. So once I do all this, Jeanette can go in here and go. Or I can go. It's just a matter of clicking on there.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, exactly. So then Jeanette can, from her account, she'll be able to see all the claims that are in the queue and it'll pre fill the claim with like all the patient info and the codes and based on the note and everything like that, so
Tracey Sanderbeck: they pull everything over from like the last note, so. Say, like. Well, I have to sign a no. So let's go back and just look at this. Sign this note. Am I going to have to fill all this out or is it going to pull it? Will it pull it from the last note? See how this has already clicked all of these?
Adam Harrison: Yeah. I think it should pull some of them forward, like,
Tracey Sanderbeck: See, it pulled everything here through.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, I think this is because it's the same note or same encounter, but, like, yeah, I think it'll. It'll pull things through. Because a lot of times, you know, things won't change from the prior session. Sometimes they do, but sometimes they don't. So I do believe it will pull those through.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Yeah, that would be helpful if they pulled. If it pulled all this through, and then if something changed, like, say, like I happened to go see them in the office and I could just change this. Rather than having to do all of this each each time I don't have to. That would be a big time saver.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, it should pre fill each time.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Okay, that's good. All right.
Adam Harrison: So I do have to run. I got a 6:00 call here, but. Let me send you an email with I think approved. All right.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Should we do this now or later?
Adam Harrison: I got a hop, unfortunately. So is there a time. Could we talk on maybe. Wednesday?
Tracey Sanderbeck: I was going to say any day but Wednesday.
Adam Harrison: Wednesday is my late day.
Tracey Sanderbeck: I don't finish until about 7:30.
Adam Harrison: Okay. How about Thursday?
Tracey Sanderbeck: Thursday is fine. I could do. Like 5, 30. Made sure I'm done. Is that too late?
Adam Harrison: No. Thursday, 5:30. That's good.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Send me an invite.
Adam Harrison: Yep, I'll send that now.
Adam Harrison: Okay, send me an email with kind of like a recap of everything, and I'll send you this this meeting link video to.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Okay, Do I need to click this or just sign out? Just leave it. Do I want me to do. Try to do this?
Adam Harrison: Yeah, if you want to do that. Like, totally up to you. Or we can do it together next time. It's, like, fine either way. Okay.
Tracey Sanderbeck: I can figure this out. All right, that sounds good. So I think this was. This was helpful. So there's still some. Yeah, I think I may have to figure out once I get up and running with Dr. Chrono. Because it doesn't seem like I'm going to be. It seems like I'm going to be doing everything, like in jot Psych, and then I'm going to have to turn around and do it in Dr. Krono. But if all I have to do is copy and paste the note and I'm not doing any billing in there, it should be pretty quick and simple until I get to the point that I switch over totally. So, yes, yes, that's the goal. Yeah, I know that Nate said that they're really working hard on focusing on getting the billing down pat and then they'll focus more on, like, the full. Even though you can use it as a full ehr, they're going to perfect that, I guess.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, that is the plan.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Okay. All right. Well, it was nice meeting you. And I will see you Thursday. If you send me an invite, I'll put on my calendar then. Okay.
Adam Harrison: Just sent it. Yeah. Thank you.
Tracey Sanderbeck: All right. Thank you. Bye. Bye.
Adam Harrison: All right, bye.
Tracey Sanderbeck: All right, bye.