Adam Harrison: Kind of go through and talk a little bit about the next steps with her and would love to have you kind of closely involved as we get her sort of, like, up and running here.
michelle.lynn: Okay?
Adam Harrison: Cool. Well, I sent you, like, a 1Password invite. Did you get that? Did that come through?
michelle.lynn: I did get it. I didn't do anything with this since you said we would talk about it today, so I was like, I'll just wait.
Adam Harrison: No, it should be totally fine.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, we're trying to use this system to just manage logins for everything instead of just writing things down.
Adam Harrison: It just is a little bit easier to keep everything in one place here. So, yeah, maybe go ahead and just click the sign up and then I'll make sure you get added here, and then we can get sort of, like, logged in and everything.
michelle.lynn: Sure. It's optional. Never mind. I'm like, what do you want me to put here for the roll?
Adam Harrison: Oh, yeah, you can just leave it blank. Looks like. Added you here. Okay? See here. All right, so you should have access to this vault now, which has. Our billing account login for Amanda.
michelle.lynn: It's loading.
Adam Harrison: Okay?
michelle.lynn: Access password here. Hopefully a billing account. Got it. Okay? I was like, where am I supposed to go here? So I'm there.
Adam Harrison: Okay, cool. So you can see the username, password. Yes. Okay, great. Just want to make sure you could see that all. Maybe just log in on my side. If you want to log into, feel free, but I can just share my screen for now.
michelle.lynn: Okay?
Adam Harrison: Because I just want to give you kind of like a tour of the software, because I know it's, like, changing so, so rapidly, so I just want to, you know, show you the latest version here. But this is an account that is basically connected to. Connected to. This the right one? See? Yeah. This is connected to Amanda's organization. So if I go over to, like, your practice, These are all the different clinicians she has. So Amanda is the one that we spoke with last week. She's got, like, a mix of. Mostly. I think it's mostly other psychiatrists. There's a spreadsheet I can share with, like, you know, kind of the specifics on who each of these folks are. It actually looks like we have their NPI in the. In here. Which is good. At least for some of them. We went live with Blue Cross Blue Shield of Arkansas for ERA for her starting today, actually. So I kind of wanted to show you what were like, kicking off with her. Really what I just. I'm hoping for in these, like, early stages is, you know, we partner closely together and kind of, like, figure out what the system is going to be for, like, how we support her, her clinic. Particular, I think. You know, we're trying to set up the system in a way where the claims gonna like pre populate based on the know, based on the patient info, based on everything else. But we're definitely going to have bugs and weird stuff going on and so probably want to have you or someone from your team kind of, like, helping to just make sure everything is, like, you know, in pretty as being pretty, like, tightly. Tightly managed as we are just kind of like starting out. So that's kind of like my. My hope, at least. I think you know basically what their workflow is. Is they, you know, record a session. I don't have this because it's a billing account, but they record a session that there's a note that gets created. They can then review the note in here, right? They can, like, make any changes. Then at when they're all done, they. This CPT code will be populated with like, a recommendation. They can override it with their own.
michelle.lynn: Ok.
Adam Harrison: I cd m codes. And then they. There's a button here that's not on my. This is again a billing account, so I don't have it, but they would click sign. And the note is signed, and then they press create claim. And then that goes into, like, you know, basically our, our queue of like, the claim backlog. So if I come over to the billing and auditing tab on jot bill. This is basically showing, like, all the different encounters. All the different claims that have been created. This one is. I think, like, this was a mistake, that this was. Yeah, this is just like. A. A dummy one. And then we have payments, which it looks like, because now we are getting. This is actually new, it looks like. I don't know where this is coming from.
michelle.lynn: Oh, look. Total paid 11556. That's pretty fast. If you guys just sign that up today.
Adam Harrison: We just signed up last night and it said it was going to take a few days, but they were like, it's done. It's approved for Blue Cross Arkansas. So these are probably claims from their old system.
michelle.lynn: Right, But, I mean, your eras are flowing in, so that's a huge plus.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, these are the, er. Yeah, exactly. So. But we don't. We didn't submit claims for these eras.
Adam Harrison: This is, you know, these are claims that are from their old system that are now getting sent here.
michelle.lynn: Is this what you would expect to see or no? Yeah. Yep. Okay, so you should be able to drop. So is that all the way up to the top? Let's see. So what I. Didn't see on there was like, a whole breakdown. Can you go back into that for me? Let's see. So. Go to the one below that because that one's got nothing. Yeah. Yeah. So all that is. That's what I don't like. Is it showing? Impact. Because, like that one there. Says that it paid. Well, when it was. Yeah. So it says that it paid 31.$29, but it doesn't show that breakdown very well.
Adam Harrison: Yeah.
Adam Harrison: I don't know if this is secondary. I don't know if that means secondary insurance.
michelle.lynn: Yeah, that was secondary insurance. Especially because these are a nurse practitioners at that low of a rate.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, there's probably. I think Jackson on our team still has to probably set up some of this, and it's probably not, like, flowing correctly.
michelle.lynn: I was going to say those are terrible eras. If that's the case.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, well, terrible in the sense that how would you maybe, like, what would this look like to you in a perfect world, like, what would you want to see?
michelle.lynn: So it would have, it should have the client's name, obviously the claim number, you know all the details of it. So your procedure code, your modifier, service date, the amount you build. And then it should also have what is client responsibility, what the contractual write off should be, any other adjustments, it should just break it all. Down for you.
michelle.lynn: So that it's very clear. And then there should be a column that has these codes, like the contractual obligation. And, you know, and it will list there like, you know, the OA23 will be next to a fee so that you know what that fee and that code is representing.
Adam Harrison: Got it. Okay?
michelle.lynn: That is. Once it's broke down, it should look be very easy to read.
Adam Harrison: Okay? Okay, that makes sense. And then, yeah, I guess these were just deposited and I'm not sure why this is unknown.
michelle.lynn: Unless they just didn't bring it in with. Maybe you didn't have. Maybe it flowed in. And it's unknown because these are. It looks like these are all secondaries.
michelle.lynn: So even though, you know you had the Blue Cross Blue Shield of Arkansas, if they crossed it over, if that's the only thing set up in here when the ERA came in, it's probably going to come into your system and it's going to pop. An error like that, not recognizing some things.
Adam Harrison: So sorry. These are claims that were the primary payer was someone other than Blue Cross and the secondary payer was Blue Cross.
michelle.lynn: It could be that way, yes. Yep. Until we can look at a client. We're not going to know that for sure.
Adam Harrison: Until we can. We just don't know. We just don't know.
michelle.lynn: Yeah, we don't know until we can see what actually who was billed. And what their insurance is, what their secondary is.
Adam Harrison: Okay, got it. All right, great. Well, I think I just want to give you kind of a rundown of how this interface is currently structured, and I think two goals in mind. Like, one, so you can navigate it and, like, take, take any actions that you need. But two, also, we're still refining this, and so, like, we want kind of your. Your feedback, too, so. Basically, we're thinking of a few different stages. So encounters are, you know, any kind of, like, appointment, right? Where there's, like, a note created.
Adam Harrison: And so for this one. So the first column here is, like, the status of that note. So this note has been signed. This one is still, like, in draft. And then we have this, like, audit kind of thing. And there should be some more detail around once we get the rules set up, of, like, why this note is being flagged as non compliant. But for example, if they're missing certain, you know, things in the note that for compliance and audit reasons, you know, you know about this, like, need to be included, this should sort of be like a helpful flag to maybe tell the provider, you know, hey, this note. Was signed, but it needs to be amended before I create the claim for it. What we're asking the providers to do is. Sign the note. Like, we don't really take any action on notes. Eventually, I think we want to be reviewing notes and kind of coaching them on, like, making revisions. But for right now, we're basically saying, you know, sign the note. And then once you. And then after you sign the note, if you want us to. Bill for it. Press the like create claim button. So none of these have, like, a claim created, right? So all of these are without claim? I don't think any are really with the claim, except this one, which I think was like a test patient that we did together. But that's fine. We can kind of take a look at it. After, you know, the claim is created, it comes into this tab here, which, like, you can kind of filter on different, different fields here. But, you know, what you can do is click edit. It takes you into the cms. Claim form. This gets pre populated based on the stuff we have on file for them. And let me zoom out because it should also show some of this stuff on the right hand side. So these are all the kind of either the provider's inputs or like our AI is what, you know, is. Is picking up. And then that all gets kind of pulled into the claim automatically. If I do rebuild claim here. It's going to. Like, refresh this claim with the latest information here, because sometimes it'll change and then it's also going to, like, look at the. You know, kind of the validate. It's going to surface some, like, issues here that I need to go fix before I submit. So, like, charges? You know, maybe I need to put. 200 and then 100. I don't know. We could look at their fee schedule. This can also. We can also set it to update automatically based on a fee schedule. And then this is 25 modifier. Depending on the payer rate, we might need like 90. This is office, so we don't need no modifier. Yeah. So this looks probably okay. The other thing I'm noticing here is. I think this is the wrong address. So for some reason. Oh, maybe that is correct. Actually, that's pig it. Yeah. So maybe that is right. So, yeah, this claim. It looks actually okay to me.
michelle.lynn: But where is the text? It's pretty small. But where is the tax ID located? On there.
Adam Harrison: Let me make it bigger here.
michelle.lynn: Oh, there it is. Okay. I was like, where? There's no tax id, but I see it now.
Adam Harrison: Okay? Insured address. This is the address of the office. Oh, no. Is it? I know. It just looks similar. Interesting. Okay. I thought that was maybe a mistake. I guess they live right near the office. But just eyeballing this, does this look. Like a clean claim to you.
Adam Harrison: For the most part, it does.
michelle.lynn: Your diagnosis is? Yes. You got your rendering provider?
Adam Harrison: I'm not sure what this is. Assignment.
michelle.lynn: So that means that if you accept assignment, that means that the insurance is to pay the provider. If you select no in that, then they would pay. Because sometimes you can submit claims on the client's behalf. For instance, instead of giving them a super bill, if you're out of network, you can submit the claim for them you've already collected, and then the insurance company will pay them.
Adam Harrison: Got it.
michelle.lynn: But, yeah, otherwise it looks like a good, clean claim.
Adam Harrison: Okay?
michelle.lynn: So I do still see that there's one error. What was the other error? Fixed before submission box 1 13. Authorized authorization required. Yeah. So that should auto populate to the signature on file.
Adam Harrison: Yeah. Okay.
michelle.lynn: That auto populate too.
Adam Harrison: Great. So that it looks like this is actually okay. So we're not going to submit this because I think this is just a test claim. But, yeah, I think we're expecting, starting today, even some claims to start getting created here because they're going to. Be probably signing some notes pretty soon. Blue Cross is, like, a pretty big one for them, so I think. We should expect daily claims being created here. And then these eras should probably. How long does it normally take for the ERA to come back after you submit the claim?
michelle.lynn: In your experience, it's usually so, depending on how frequently you do it. So I bill my clients daily. They basically get paid weekly. So it's usually about every seven to 14 days, depending on the insurance. You'll get the eras back.
Adam Harrison: Okay, so we probably would wait at least, like, a week before getting any kind of thing. Okay.
michelle.lynn: Have you asked them how often they want you to bill, or are you guys just doing it? However?
Adam Harrison: I think it's probably daily is kind of what they're looking for. I don't think they're going to hold us to that. Necessarily, I think. There's probably some flexibility there.
michelle.lynn: I think that's a good idea. I think. And I bill everybody daily because then you're looking at the claims more frequently. I don't know. How are they charging the client their copays? Or is that. Are you guys going to do that?
Adam Harrison: So right now, it's kind of on them to do the patient payments. They have like a front desk staff and they do. The patient co pays already there. But I think we would probably. Be doing any kind of reconciliations that need to happen afterwards and adjustments and that sort of thing. But they want to collect the payment at the time the patient comes in. Which I think is common. Relatively common, I guess. Right now. I think the sort of arrangement we have is like, we're not really going to be in the business of reviewing everything in all the different encounters that happen and doing QC on notes and stuff, as much of that. But to the extent they want us to submit a claim, they can press create claim, it'll come to our queue here. We'll scrub it, we'll edit it, and then we'll kind of handle all the follow up and patient stuff that needs to happen afterwards. The know wrinkle I will mention here is our patient billing stuff is still a little bit wonky. So if I were to look at Diane, if we were to get an era back from Diane, and it was going to say, like, okay. Patient responsibility is $20 right now. The way I would validate that, I would have to go over to patients. Search for diane. Look at her payments and look at her past invoices. And then try to like, oh, I see. $20 is paid on this date. It doesn't super cleanly. It doesn't super cleanly link together right now. So actually, I'm curious. How you might. Do you have a suggestion on how we could solve that? Because they're going to be at the time of service, they're going to be billing, but then we're going to be creating a claim, obviously, like, later. So what's the best way to link those two things in your experience? Or does it have to be manually posted somehow afterwards?
michelle.lynn: So are they going to be collecting the fee within jot psych? Like running a credit card within jot psych?
michelle.lynn: So, technically, in my opinion, you need to have a client responsibility column for that data service.
michelle.lynn: And when they run that card, if the card clears, it should auto post to that and say it's paid, turn it green that dollar amount or whatever and then you're going to know that that is paid.
michelle.lynn: And then right next to that will be what's outstanding for the insurance.
Adam Harrison: So how do you know? For example, what if they. I guess. If you're looking at the claims every day. You're going to know, right? It's not like they're going to have five visits before you look at a claim.
michelle.lynn: Yeah. So. Have you ever seen what simple practice looks like?
Adam Harrison: Yeah. They're billing interface, but yes.
michelle.lynn: Would you like me to share with you? Yeah. Because simple practice, honestly, is a very clean billing. Look.
Adam Harrison: When it comes.
michelle.lynn: Let me pull up my sample account really quick. And honestly, with simple practice. If you were able to kind of duplicate the way the billing piece looks. I think people would absolutely love that. But improve the reporting.
Adam Harrison: Okay, that's really helpful.
michelle.lynn: Because simple practice doesn't have the best reporting. Give me just a second here. I'm going to go. I got to go add an appointment. Just so you can see what it looks like.
Adam Harrison: You know what? Simple practice. How much does it cost to use their billing? Self serve billing thing.
michelle.lynn: I can look and see.
Adam Harrison: Look. I was just curious if you knew.
michelle.lynn: Off the top. I think it's kind of pricey. Honestly. I don't know that to be 100% true. Okay? So.
michelle.lynn: Let me share my screen. I got to find my share here.
Adam Harrison: Okay?
michelle.lynn: Okay, so here is the way this kind of flows across, and if I was going to. I better get on the right screen instead of clicking on yours. So if I had a copay there. And it was $20. Then I can go right here and add that. I'm just going to put it in her as cash, just so you can see what it would look like when a payment was added. Sorry. I forgot to create my invoice. Create my invoice.
michelle.lynn: And then I'll allocate the payment to it. And then it shows this. And then see how it has the green. And then it has what's left for insurance?
Adam Harrison: Okay.
michelle.lynn: How easy that is to read that. And then it puts the invoice here. But then you can also go here and do view all which then it would show. What the payment was, you'd be able to see the credit card.
Adam Harrison: Yeah. How does it work? If. From the front desk person's perspective. The patient comes in. Okay, Michelle. I look at your chart here, I know you have a $20 copay. I log that $20 copay. But I don't know necessarily what's getting billed to insurance yet for that visit, right?
michelle.lynn: So basically what you would do is we would set this up like in the back end where it would auto populate. So like here I would set here the $20.
Adam Harrison: In there.
michelle.lynn: And then in my calendar view, I click on my calendar down here, it tells what the copay is. And then, if I hadn't already created my invoice, I could just click charge from here. And that's how the front desk is going to know. What to charge. And they shouldn't have to worry about if there's a biller. They shouldn't have to worry about what's going out to insurance.
Adam Harrison: Right.
michelle.lynn: Does that make sense?
Adam Harrison: Yes.
michelle.lynn: Okay. I'm going to get rid of my appointments so that my provider is not like, what are you doing?
Adam Harrison: Yeah. Okay, that makes sense. So it's really tied to the calendar and appointments.
michelle.lynn: Yes, and that is how it should be because. Without an appointment there, you're not going to know. Whether or not. The client, the client might not show. But that's where your staff really should also be updating their appointment. So even though they're going to do their note and it's going to record it, whatever, when they hit submit and create the claim, it should populate onto the appointment and say, this is the code that was used for this session. How does the calendar work in here?
Adam Harrison: I'm on the schedule. So you have to click on practice to see. Like, this is now the practices schedule and this icon. We need to move a little thing here. But you can toggle who you're looking at. Let's just start with Amanda, because she looks like she's actually kind of off today, except for whatever that is. Let's look at these other ones. See if there's any that. Are. Yeah. So we definitely have appointments in here. That I'm not sure. We can't see all the detail that you can see in simple practice right now, right? Like this one doesn't have insurance in the system.
michelle.lynn: So when you click on that, it does show that it's scheduled for a 30 minute. But it doesn't say what kind of appointment. So that would be my question, because how would the front desk know? How to schedule other people if it doesn't say like this is a 30 minute meta appointment versus a 90 minute intake appointment.
Adam Harrison: So I think it does. Right, like appointment type here, Medication management.
michelle.lynn: That's set up in the back end, then, I would assume.
Adam Harrison: Yeah. So there's all sorts of weird stuff that they have set up, but mostly medication manage. I mean, they mostly do medication management. But yeah, there are some weird things here. Of this is an odd title for an appointment, right? Because I think it's a note template. So you're saying we should really have for each. Patient, we should know what. It's almost like what the CPT code is that you're going to charge so you can set up. I mean, you might not know that beforehand all the time, though, right?
michelle.lynn: No. And I mean, it can change. So, like, for instance. For most of my nurse practitioners. We set up a 30 minute med. Appointment for follow up. And then they'll do their med appointment, and if they're going to do psychotherapy, they'll add that codon, which will then add the duration in there for that. But at least what we would do with that time frame that we initially select, it blocks off that section. So that and I don't know if Jot zeit does this, but some programs where they can go on and they can auto schedule. So if it's not blocked off for a certain length of time, you're going to have overlapping appointments happening. Only way, in all honesty, in all the years I've done this, the only way that I know to do that would be to have a duration associated with the appointment or type of service, so that it leaves that duration. Unless you're going to set up a duration for every appointment for 30 minutes or an hour. It would be just however the provider, I guess, would want.
michelle.lynn: To work their own calendar.
Adam Harrison: Yeah. Right now they are kind of like it's a little bit of a messy transition period phase, which is part of why we're just doing one payer. Because they have their calend. Like, multiple calendars. Multiple. They're trying to transition to job seg from Valent, but it's going to be like a few months of maintaining things and duplicate systems. And it's going to be a little bit. Of like it's not going to be super streamlined to start. But we'll get there.
michelle.lynn: Oh, yeah.
Adam Harrison: But, yeah, that's helpful. To see simple practice and to hear how that appointment flow works. I did want to ask you a couple things here. So one is for Medi cal. One of our providers is saying she thinks she needs a group NPI to be able to bill to Medi cal. Does that sound correct to you, or is she just confused?
michelle.lynn: Well, it depends on. Let me look at my template here and see.
Adam Harrison: And while you're doing that, I'm going to pull up some documents I got from her. Let's see here.
michelle.lynn: Is she a solo provider?
Adam Harrison: She's a solo provider. And she did share this thing with me, which is. Her approval.
michelle.lynn: So the only reason I think she would need to. Have a group npi. As if she's billing under her tax id. But otherwise it should build them like under her social she should be able to just do her individual mpi.
Adam Harrison: So should I just suggest that she bills? Well, it would depend how she's credentialed. Right?
michelle.lynn: It's going to depend on how she credentialed.
Adam Harrison: Okay? So this document here doesn't really tell us anything. Let's see here. She gave me. It doesn't look like for her billing identity. It looks like she gave me. Sorry, let me switch back. Looks like she gave me an Ein, not like a social.
michelle.lynn: So then if she's billing under her tax id, they probably want her to enroll as a group. So the other tricky thing about sometimes with that is if they may not know how many providers fall under that. Some insurances won't let you enroll as a group unless you have at least five providers. So it would have to be the guidelines of what her contract actually is saying or what she. What kind of contract she's trying to get.
Adam Harrison: Got it. This looks like an ein, right? Like, not a social.
michelle.lynn: Y.
Adam Harrison: Eah. Okay, so I guess. There's not really much we can do for her at this point. Then she needs to kind of just figure out.
Adam Harrison: Because she's essentially not credentialed from billing. From a billing.
Adam Harrison: He's not, like, ready to bill.
michelle.lynn: No.
Adam Harrison: Okay?
michelle.lynn: Not if they're requiring her to get a group npi.
Adam Harrison: Okay? Is that something that's like a credentialing service?
michelle.lynn: So typically, yes, because a lot of providers have no idea what they're doing when it comes to applying for an MPI or selecting a taxonomy or anything like that. So a lot of times they're just like, please just do this for me, and they can sign you up as a delegate.
michelle.lynn: So that you can go in and handle all of that information for them.
Adam Harrison: Okay? Got it. I don't think she can even get logged into. The nppes. Yeah, I think.
michelle.lynn: Square one of providers that have no idea. And that happens because of credentialing. So many times providers are credentialed by the first company they go to work for. They don't know any better. They know they have an NPI and they go from company to company. And never have a clue that they need to take that. That is their information and they should take it with them. Yeah.
Adam Harrison: She said yes. She said, this morning I could not sign into the portal. I called but did not get a definitive answer. And then she says, I realized I need a billing npi. Anyway. Maybe she'll figure that out and come back to us. There we have another one who also seems to be. A bit confused. And I wanted to get your thoughts here. Always have confused customers. That's our. Or maybe that's just. Yeah, exactly. So she is telling me that. So she's also confused on her address and group solo npi. She doesn't know any of that. But she said she cannot bill Blue Cross Blue Shield, according to an email she got from them. Because she's now working from home. And let me share. I don't know if this is something you've encountered or not before. Let me share the email here. Let me go back. Sorry. So she forwarded me this email that she got. I mean, she's just doing telehealth. Should I just tell her to put it to her home address?
michelle.lynn: Well. She? Could, but typically they want to. I mean, they're going to want. To make for sure. Whatever address they have doesn't populate on the bills, especially because it's mental health. You don't want somebody freaking out and coming to your home. So she could maybe get a virtual mailbox or. Oh, that's what it says. Submitted a virtual office address. There's a lot of places that you can sublet their address. And I don't know if that's something that's available in Mississippi for her. So she could do her home address, or she could see if there's someone that will allow her. There's places that will charge, like, 20 to $50 a month for you to rent their address.
Adam Harrison: Okay? Got it. Okay. That's kind of the guidance I'll give her. Then. But, yeah, I don't know what you did, because I kind of put this intake form together. And for Blue Cross. She's telling me that this is the service address, this is the billing address. United. Service address. Which is different than this service address, but the same as this billing address. This is the same. I don't know if that means this. This is a different address. That's the service address now. Anyway. It's just like. And then this is blank, so. I think people just don't know how they are.
michelle.lynn: Credentialed or registered. It's always an interesting game to get them, first of all, to get their paperwork to you and then, if they are already credentialed, to sort out the mess that they're in.
Adam Harrison: Yeah. So I guess that's one thing. I'm trying to figure out the best onboarding process. And our onboarding process will be a little different than yours because we have to, like, migrate everyone out of their current system.
Adam Harrison: And so we need to redo eras and yada, yada, yada, so. I guess. Like, one thing we could do is just get logins to their existing billing systems and see probably claims going out. Like, what's on the claim sheet.
Adam Harrison: And maybe that's all we actually need. And that's just like, we're done. Some people that were just starting out and they don't have that or they did that and they never got paid because it's wrong or, you know, so those are investigate more.
michelle.lynn: But yes, the going into their current billing system and looking at a paid claim. And then, you know, going to the back end to see how they have it set up. Is going to probably be the best thing that you could do, because then you're not going to be interrupting and tweaking anything. If they're getting paid that way. They're going to continue.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, yeah. Okay? Yeah, I think that's probably better because versus, like, getting. Contracts and fee schedules and welcome letters and. I mean, maybe that's still important to collect anyway, but maybe it's not necessary.
michelle.lynn: It's not. If they're already established, it's not really necessary until you run into an issue. And then when you're in an issue trying to get that information. So maybe you get everything rolling, and then as a closing to all of it, you say, okay, now we would like to have a copy. Of all of your contracts. So if we run into billing issues or, you know, credentialing issues, we have those things on file for appeal purposes. Because it will happen, you know, right now in Colorado. I just have to tell you what a show Medicaid is and call it State of Colorado right now. We have four rays for our Medicaid. It's based on counties. And when they switched over their system, we used to have seven rays. They switched to four here in Colorado in July. When they switched it over, everybody flipped their systems and it disenrolled.
Adam Harrison: So many providers.
michelle.lynn: So it took us like, almost a full six months to get everyone and re enrolled. And then they went back and paid everything. Well, here we are, the first of the year. And now they're making everyone's paperwork match what actual Colorado Medicaid matches.
michelle.lynn: And if you're not, they just stop paying you and you have to re enroll.
Adam Harrison: Yeah.
michelle.lynn: So you will like. I have providers who have been providers in Colorado for 20 years. And now they have billing issues. It's just a nightmare sometimes. But, you know, so you will definitely want to have that stuff on file. To refer back to if that, you know, because when a client doesn't have, you know, if they're not getting paid, they instantly go into panic mode. The last thing that they're going to do is be very cooperative with trying to find a schedule or a contract for you, because most of them don't even realize how important it is to keep a contract. I would do that kind of as a. This is our final step. Now that you're onboarded, we would like to have all of this, and then once you have it, you can then go in and set, you know, fee schedules if you want, or, you know, just have them to. To go back to.
Adam Harrison: Okay, great. So I guess coming back to Amanda, then we can kind of wrap up here. Like, what would you say for us? We're getting her started with one payer. Obviously, we're not really, as you can see, we're a little bit disorganized and we don't have everything buttoned up, but sort of the nature of the. The game and where we are right now. But what would you suggest? Like what? Should we do as the immediate next steps here? Is it like, hey, we need to go through and for.
Adam Harrison: You know, all the upcoming appointments we need to, like. Have a, like. Fee schedule associated with each appointment and run eligibility checks for everyone. And fix some of, like the appointment naming conventions and stuff like that. Or is it fine to say, like, hey, we're just going to focus on submitting claims and making sure that eras flow properly. But you know, again, they're in this, like, weird transition period where they're sort of half adopting us for one player. And it's more for the, like, insurance stuff to start, and then we're going to move more and more over time.
Adam Harrison: But I'm just curious from your standpoint, as you look at this setup and are kind of like, oh, if I was, you know, If I was the biller for this, like, you know, what would be the top things that are giving me anxiety? Because I'm sure there's probably like 10 that jump out. After looking at this today, like, what would you say we should. We should focus on the start.
michelle.lynn: Well, the first thing I would do is I would make for sure that all the demographics, like, have them make for sure that all of their clients for this payer, their demographics are all good. Insurance cards and then do the eligibility. Because without those two things, it doesn't matter. You're not going to be able to put claims out the door. Once you have that information, then, then we can work with the claim situation and you know, we, when they put their note in, we could go from, to our steps with that and fix all of the tweaks and the claims that we would need to do, but without having those two pieces. I mean, you're. You're just kind of dead in the water anyways. It does you no good. They need to make for sure. Well, since. Since they actually are selecting their diagnosis on your note. At the time, right? It's not a preset in your system. They selected each note, right?
Adam Harrison: Yep.
michelle.lynn: Okay, so then you wouldn't have to worry about that. So really, it's just matter of, I would say the demographics and the insurance and eligibility. And then we can. We can go through and do the claims based off of the note information. And the coding, and we'll be able to get the claims out the door.
Adam Harrison: Okay, that sounds good. I'm just looking at the. Let me go back to the schedule here. Again. I'd have to look at these specific patients.
Adam Harrison: I don't know that we're actually going to get any claims this week that are ready. I'd have to go through these one by one. And it looks like Friday is sort of an off day for them. But I suspect, you know, there may be, like, a, you know, a few from. Today. Maybe. Maybe a few of these tomorrow. I would guess probably, actually. Blue Cross is their biggest payer by volume, so I would imagine there's probably at least one in here. So maybe tomorrow. Tomorrow. Sometime. And then maybe, like, Friday morning, we could just have a look and see if there's anything that's come through in the queue there, and then if we need to, like, chat through what to do, we can kind of, like, do that. And in the meantime, All circle back with Amanda on the eligibility stuff, but. But yeah, we did do, like, a big bulk import of all their patients, so all of the, like, demographic insurance data is in here now, thankfully. So that is definitely a big piece of it.
michelle.lynn: Yes. The biggest piece, honestly, because without that, you're not going anywhere.
Adam Harrison: Exactly. Exactly. Awesome. Well, yeah, I think that. Let me check, make sure I didn't have anything else here. I think that is all I had here. Yeah. The virtual address thing. We talked about Amanda, we talked about group mpi. I think that is. I think that's it, though. So. Yeah. Thank you for your help. I know this is a tricky one, but, you know, that's right.
michelle.lynn: They're all a challenge in. The beginning.
Adam Harrison: They're all a challenge. We have the added challenge of having, you know, sort of a working prototype of the software, which. Which will improve over time. So. And she. She knows that we're kind of, like, figuring things out. So I think we'll just work through that, work through things as they come up.
michelle.lynn: Yep. And once we get one thing working, the rest of it just starts to smooth out.
Adam Harrison: Yes. Yes. Yes. Awesome.
michelle.lynn: Well, thanks, Michelle. You guys got your first claim submitted and accepted.
Adam Harrison: We did. Yeah. We have something submitted and accepted, so we don't know if it's paid yet or not, but you know that that's for another day.
michelle.lynn: Yep. That's exciting in itself.
Adam Harrison: Yes. Yes. We're doing era for health link. I don't know if you've done health link. It seems like it's a lengthy process. They seem like a difficult one, but. Maybe. Maybe your experience is different. I don't know.
michelle.lynn: No, it is. Some of them are super easy. Yeah.
Adam Harrison: I mean, I was shocked. That era for Blue Cross, it was instant. It was literally like within minutes, it was like, okay, it's going to drop. Psych now. Like. Okay, so. That's. Yeah. It's just so inconsistent.
michelle.lynn: It would be nice if all of these insurance companies would come together and they would find one place. You know, like if you were doing delegated credentialing, one roster that was across the board or one, you know, one ERA enrollment and, you know, but everybody's got to have their own challenges.
Adam Harrison: Yeah. Yep. It's all. It's. You just never. I. I said to Amanda, I talked to her yesterday. I'm like, all right, well, I'm going to submit the ERA enrollment request. It'll take maybe one day. It'll take a week, like, I don't know, but once it goes through, you know, this was Michelle's recommendation. We should sort of wait for it to go through. And then go live. She's like, okay, I'm ready whenever, so. So. Yeah, we shall see. But, yeah, I think soon. Sooner is better, so good to keep. Moving forward.
michelle.lynn: All right.
Adam Harrison: All right. Thanks, Michelle. Talk to you. Talk to you soon.
michelle.lynn: Okay, Take care.
Adam Harrison: All right, bye.
michelle.lynn: Bye.