Tracey Sanderbeck: Sorry. There we go. Okay. Out myself. How are you doing?
Adam Harrison: I am doing pretty well. How are you?
Tracey Sanderbeck: I'm good. I didn't get too far yesterday. I merged the one for I was able to merge and I was trying to get the consents over to you and I was trying to no, no worries.
Adam Harrison: I know there's a lot going on, so I appreciate. I did get the consent forms. I'm still working on getting those into your account. I did an initial upload, and I got to clean it up to make sure it's going to be ready for prime time. So I just need. We're at, like, a company off site right now, so it's been a little tricky. To make time for that, because I want to make sure it's ready to go. And not kind of half baked, but. But I will get that done and I will share it with you. The other things here. Let's see what else was there.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Share my screen with you.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, I think you mentioned, like, the patient stuff was kind of buggy, so I'd love to maybe just spend a few minutes on that, because that'll be. That's probably the most important thing for billing, right?
Adam Harrison: Like making sure that the patient data is all in there.
Tracey Sanderbeck: And let me just show you this one real quick. Who was it? Who is it? Who is it? Who is it? Hold on. Let me think. Let me think. It was one that was. Hold on, hold on, hold on. I know who it is, okay? Look at this. This is so weird. Patient. All right, so look at plato. I think. I think I figured that one. Okay. P l a t l.
Adam Harrison: It was.
Tracey Sanderbeck: For some reason, it was. It was flagging these two. Pamela davis and patricia plato as. Are these the same person? And it said something about their birthdays, whatever. So, patricia plato. I think this is ok. So let's go back and look at it on the list. Plato. P l h e o. 1028, 72. Now, I'll go into her chart. 1028. See? Look at that.
Adam Harrison: 1029.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Hold on one second. Now let's go back and look at it and make sure. I saw it. Right. Hold on. Come on. Plato p l a t. Oh, 2872. Okay, let's go into her. Let's go into that. This is what, 10, 29, 72. And then look over here.
Adam Harrison: It's going to be different again. 29.
Tracey Sanderbeck: 29. So let's so her actual birthday. Oh, wait a minute. Let's look at her actual birthday before we get lheo. 1029. So let me go in here. So, 1029. 1029. That all matches? But when I look her up and I cannot fix it. The L, A, T, o, it says 28 there. Okay. And then. Now look at this one. Pamela Davis. Yeah. This is when I said, good night. I'm going to bed. This is pamela davis. Oh, sorry. Hold on a minute. Pamela Davis. Initially they had had these. Both of them had a birthday of 12, nine something. And I was just like, how's that? So here she is. 11, 30, 66. 121 66. 12, 1 66. And I've tried to change it, and I believe her birthday is. 12, 1 66. But let's make sure D a b I s I s almost positive. Pamela, Pam like 12, 1 66. So initially, under the merge, it had Pamela Davis and Patricia plato, both for the birthday of 12, 1 66. So I was like, that's really weird, but okay, let me go and I put it as do not merge them. They're not the same. Then I started looking around and I'm like, that's even weirder. And I can't change it. It won't let me. Like a 12 one. This all matches, but when I'm pulling her up, Under a patient, Pamela Davis, as you saw.
Adam Harrison: It has the wrong one.
Tracey Sanderbeck: It has. It has 11, 30, 66, a whole different birthday. It's very strange.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Okay, that's really weird, but Pamela Davis and Patricia Plato. I believe it is. If you want to write that. P, L, H. Patricia.
Adam Harrison: Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Do you mind going to Patricia? Just click on that and then can you just copy the current URL that you're on? And then just put it in the chat. Or send it to me, and I think, what's. Yeah. And then I should be able to have them look at these specific patients.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Just accidentally cut it instead of copied it. Okay, so this copy. Where am I? I'm over here. So where is the chat?
Adam Harrison: You could just send the email, too, if it's easier.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Is this the chat?
Adam Harrison: Just see if you get. That's the chat. Yeah, you got it.
Tracey Sanderbeck: That's it.
Adam Harrison: Go ahead and just send.
Tracey Sanderbeck: And do you want the other one? Pamela.
Adam Harrison: That's okay. I just need one because I think it's the same issue. And this is my guess. I am not, you know, a software engineer. So again, this is just a guess, but I think. I think the data is being stored correctly in the sense that like, 12196 is showing up in the actual chart. Why it is showing up not that way in the patient list is a mystery to me, but I think. To me, it's a good sign that in the chart it's showing up with the right thing. If it was the reverse, I would be, I think, much more concern to me. This feels like it's a some kind of display logic thing that is showing up on that one screen, so I'll check.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Initially and had them both with that 121606 that they were showing. Their names were correct, but the birthdays match and that's why that's how I caught it was showing up. Merged, asking me to merge these patients. And immediately I was like, no, they're obviously not the same patient. I'm like, why are they thinking they're the same patient? Well, because the birthday. But the birthdays were not. And then it was just weird. But that one. And then I'll show you. Well, I guess I can't really show you now Because I fixed them because I had to. Well, I can mute. I can still. Let me see.
Adam Harrison: Would love to see them.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Simmons. Now, I don't know how many of these. Are like this. So, austin simmons. I change into uppercase and all this stuff. But I went ahead for my purposes. I want. Excuse me. Put this stuff. Oh, I didn't put his email in. Hold on a minute. But. He was in there, but the demographics, and that's somebody I have not seen for six months, so I know for a fact.
Tracey Sanderbeck: I have not updated him, but. So, for whatever reason, Taste. If you look here, nothing came over. See? And then what else? Now he self pay. So that's, you know.
Adam Harrison: But his adverse over.
Tracey Sanderbeck: But then I can show you Austin, who was the other one. Hold on a second. And it was weird because there were. Let's look in my documentation.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Because, like I looked at, there was another. Was it, burner?
Tracey Sanderbeck: I think it was Berner. Let's look at Burner. But then, like Suzanne Hughes, Oh. How do I get in a chart from here? Can I or no?
Adam Harrison: Can I get in the chart?
Tracey Sanderbeck: Yeah.
Adam Harrison: If you just click the name, it should go to the chart, I think.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Yes. All right. I think if on my memory serves me, but I could be wrong. No, this one was because. Yeah, because she said she switched over to Aetna. Now there was a couple and then there were. Let's see if it was. It's just hit or miss. Suzanne, what's drew S, U, Z A N. Maybe she was another one. That was. It's just hit or miss on some of them. There's that. Let's see. Yeah, her stuff is in there. There was another. There was another couple of them that I found just from today's. I could go back and get them if you need the names, but they're from today for sure.
Adam Harrison: It didn't bring everything over.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Yeah. Like that, austin. I don't even know. To be honest with you, I don't even know. Six months ago because it was all lowercase, so. And there was nothing in the chart. So if. I don't know if I was doing, I'd have to really look back and see when I started with you guys.
Adam Harrison: But.
Tracey Sanderbeck: So I don't know if that was just a chart that was in there and was, you know, incorrect. We could probably look at the number on there. And also I noticed that the ones that are coming over. I don't know if this matters or not. The ones that are coming over. Have. Let's go into his chart. Let's see. What. Yeah. Okay, so this is. See, this must have been one that I put in. And so when. Whenever. It never even brought him over, for whatever reason. Because also if you notice patients, if you go down, let's try to find some that have that are not ok. Jennifer Adams. You see, it picked up their Dr. Chrono user or their doctor patient number, and somehow. Is that okay for you guys?
Adam Harrison: Yeah, yeah, that's totally fine.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Very good. Okay. Because I know some of them have numbers, some of them have letters. I didn't know if you had a specific. I mean, yeah, it's all over the place. With what? Their number. But then all the ones that are coming over. Well, that would have been. So we know. For whatever reason, we know. That Austin was not brought over because he doesn't have ID and so he was already in there. And. But none of his stuff came over either.
Adam Harrison: Back to austin. One second.
Tracey Sanderbeck: It had his whole name. This is. Gosh darn it.
Adam Harrison: Yeah. Can you search him? Too.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Yeah.
Adam Harrison: Okay. Austin, that's him.
Tracey Sanderbeck: The number is an old number, so obviously it's not a Dr. Chrono number. It didn't have phone number. It didn't have birthday nothing, because I must have just. It was all lowercase. And I must have put him in back in the day because there were no notes in there either. Every six months. And so there was nothing in there. But not only did it not bring it, didn't you know it had his birthday? No, it wouldn't have known. It wouldn't have known his birthday. So maybe that's why it didn't pick him up, because all that was in there was a lowercase. Austin Simmons. But see, as you can see. Nothing came over. See?
Adam Harrison: So. And what? He Was definitely in Dr. Chrono with all his info?
Tracey Sanderbeck: Yeah, he's definitely in Dr. Krono, because I'll show you. Simmons. I mean, he's been my patient. Forever. Austin Simmons.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Okay, but because here's his thing. Here's his patient id. So you know that that was an original one that was already in there. S I S O N S. The spelling is correct. There was no birthday in for it to match it. So I just do our due diligence and let's just for the heck of it just to make sure we're not missing anything? Let's look and then do command F, which is what you taught me, which is freaking fantastic. Let's do Simmons. Let's just see. If maybe for some reason it didn't pick him up because of a.
Adam Harrison: No, no, no, you're right. You're right. I'll have our engineering team look at the log for the import and see why he didn't come through.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Okay?
Adam Harrison: And if there's any others maybe like him.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Yeah. So far, yeah. Ok. I'm wondering if it could be. I don't really know what their parameters are, but I don't think so because it looks like you guys brought over dead people. People that are, you know, you brought over all of them. Because when you look at my patients, See, when I put the xxx, that means they're not my patient anymore. And anyway, so some reason she came twice. Anyway, it doesn't matter, but. And see in. This guy's dead. You have no way of knowing that. I don't have it marked as I do have him marked as dead, but you wouldn't have any way of knowing that, so. I see that a lot. Of them came over.
Adam Harrison: So I'm not sure.
Tracey Sanderbeck: But the one caveat I will tell you might want to tell them I don't know because I don't speak their language, is that he is seen only usually only ever six months, unless he has a problem.
Adam Harrison: Got it.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Could have. Like if there was a date. Let me just look and see.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Like, if there's some sort of parameter that they use to pull over,
Adam Harrison: I think it should be everyone. So it's probably something where, for whatever reason, he wasn't matched to the existing profile you had. I don't. That was probably, like. I don't know why that would be the case, but. Yeah, we'll get. We'll try to figure out the root cause, and if there's other, you know, folks like him, you know, we'll try to, like, go fix that. But. But yeah, I think overall, it looks. It sounds like this broadly worked OK with, like, a few weird. A few weird things. Okay.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Yeah, I'm just working on this list right here. Which is not too, too bad. I start on it last night. I got some of it done. I at least got all the ones that I knew right off the top of my head. No, no, no, no, no.
Tracey Sanderbeck: I fixed all those. So far it's not too many, so I'll get those done, but anyway. So that's pretty much where I am. And then, like I said, I sent you what I was supposed to send you. That's it.
Adam Harrison: Okay, great. Great. Well, I. I wanted to check. You know I will. So on my side, I will work on the form for you. You know, that will just take a little. A little time to make sure it's all, like, in good shape before we publish it. I also sent some requests to the product team based on our last conversation around, like, you know, I think. Do we talk about Super Bill last time, right? That was one of them.
Tracey Sanderbeck: So I stepped out for a minute, but you and Jeanette talked about the Super Bill, how sometimes she needs it. You know, the different screening tools, not being able to. Like having to print them off and do all that crap. It's very time consuming. What else did we talk about? I think that was. That was.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, there was a. There was a credit card bug with the. So. So those things the team is all aware of and is working on. So that will just, you know, that. Is part of the backlog at this point that they're working through. What I wanted to, I guess, spend a few minutes on now was check in if you are, if you want to go live with Aetna to start, and if we could turn that on. You know, as soon as you're ready to. If, you know, you feel like you and Jeanette need a little more time to kind of spend time on things, that's. That's fine as well. But the next steps would basically be, I would start the ERA enrollment process for Aetna, and then once that gets approved, it could go through. I think it usually will take like a day or two to get approved. Sometimes it's instant, sometimes it's like a week. You just. You never know with what the payers do, unfortunately. But, but whenever you're ready to kind of start that process, I can initiate that. So we can start doing the billing for just that, that one payer. So if you're good to kind of move forward now, I can enroll. But if you want to, you know, wait and spend a little more time, that's. That's also fine. That's totally your call.
Tracey Sanderbeck: I say let's. Do it. Let's at least get it done, and then we can figure out, like, if there's any bugs. The only issue, and I don't even know if it's an issue. That's not even the right word. But I want to get down the process for when the patient because I want. I want to start the process or learn it or fine tune the process using one pay or so. Okay? Jeanette gets a patient, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. And they say, oh, I haven't. And it should be say, okay, hold on a minute. Then what I'm going to do now, she's going to go to Jot Psych, and she's going, you know what we're talking about.
Adam Harrison: So she totally, totally.
Tracey Sanderbeck: She knows a patient. She puts a new patient in and she goes into their chart. And then she initiates that. That form, you know that. Intake. So that they can put their address and all stuff, and then it'll go in and she'll take it. And all she'll have to do is put like their name, address. Shouldn't need their address, their name, birthday, email address, whatever, into Dr. Chrono. She doesn't need to enter their insurance. But I want to get as you're as as we're testing this portion. With one pair. Then I want to fine tune our process as well, to make it as easy as we can for both of us, because it's only us. I say. I say that, you know, let's go. But her next call for an Aetna patient. The other thing we could do. No, it doesn't matter. Does it matter? It doesn't matter. I was thinking that somehow. And who knows what. Dr. Crono probably too damn hard. I was thinking maybe she could. We could run a report. But that would be too hard because Dr. Kronos reports are terrible. Of all the Aetna patients. And then I was thinking she could, like, go ahead and text the aetna. Patients, the form, but there's no need for that because they're not new patients and everything is good.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, that's. That's the good thing. I think the forms and all that stuff is only really relevant for, like, new patients, and in particular, right now, only new Aetna patients, which. I assume is probably very few. And we can always do another data migration if we need to in a week or two weeks or a month from now. From Dr. Chrono. So you could, if you wanted to, you could kind of continue doing everything in Dr. Chrono. And as long as you are, like, signing the note in job psych for your Aetna patients and pressing submit claim, Like that is kind of the current, that is like the minimum of what we sort of need to do at this point. But I do think it is good to your point to kind of think through what the longer term system would be. But I don't think that holds us up from getting started.
Tracey Sanderbeck: But also keep in mind that I do want to try to cut down on some of this double work as we're moving forward.
Tracey Sanderbeck: And so if. Even if they're not actually now and thinking what I was thinking talking and I was thinking at the same time, Which probably is not very good, but anyway. I want her to get to a point where she's putting all of the new patients. In once we get it all figured out, you know, once those forms get done so she can put all the new patients into job sites. So, number one, they're all there. Number two. The new patients, regardless of their insurance, they fill out that form. I have that form.
Tracey Sanderbeck: I can review that form. I don't have to. We don't have to send them. All we have to do is send them a link to the portal to send messages. They can sign the consents via text. They can do all that fill out that form and cut that whole piece of it out, because that's a big time suck for her is these people. It's not difficult, but they just can't figure it out because I don't know what is wrong with people. They just. People are.
Adam Harrison: Whatever the farms.
Tracey Sanderbeck: But they just can't do it. They cannot do it. But if you send them stuff on their phone, Boom, boom, boom, boom, boom. It gets done. So I'd like to. I'd like to do all. Whether they're Aetna or not, as soon as we can. I would like for her to be able to send all of the patients that information, collect all that information, have it stored. I can put what I need because I can be talking in. The new patient appointment. I can be looking at their form verbally going over it with them. It'll go into their note. I don't even need to have it in Dr. Chrono in a whole nother spot. You see what I'm saying? And I can just even more so like I updated. All of my Dr. Chrono forms last night as well. Cut them all down to, like, nothing. I added, like, the mm, the MSE and your review of systems. I don't have any of that in there. So now all I have to do is. All of it is in my jot, like note. And that's it. So that's the other piece of it is when you get the forms already that we can boom and send the patient. We are going to start doing all of the new patients that way, not just Aetna.
Adam Harrison: Okay, great. Yeah, that's perfect. I will block some time on my calendar tomorrow to get the form done for you, so. Because I think that does sound like it's pretty important as, like, a near term thing that you want to get, like, the right system in place there.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Do that, if that's possible. That would be. That would actually be very helpful because then we can cut out this whole piece.
Adam Harrison: I already said all. No, I totally hear you. No one wants to sign into a portal to do the intake.
Adam Harrison: And, yeah, people just want to do it on their phone.
Tracey Sanderbeck: They do. And it's so much easier. I mean. I send these people this stuff while I'm seeing them. And I sit there and wait, it's done. And then I. You know, these screening tools, it's fantastic. I can just do it.
Adam Harrison: Ahead of time.
Tracey Sanderbeck: I know who I'm seeing. I send it. They do it right away. It's like. It's like magic. I mean. We pull teeth trying to get anything. Through Dr. Chrono. And to be able to do it this way is going to be fantastic. One quick question. It's in my head and if I don't ask, I'll forget. And I'm jumping ahead and I don't know, eventually, are you guys going to have a portal in job? Site.
Adam Harrison: Is that a great question? For, like a patient to log into, you mean?
Tracey Sanderbeck: Yeah, well, just a portal, messaging portal for a patient. For like. Like a HIPAA compliant where they can send. Because I use it heavily for clinical questions. They can't wait to your next appointment or pharmacy issues. And then they message all the other stuff. We use Spruce, which is texting, but. So that's. That's my only question. I didn't know if you guys were going to have something.
Adam Harrison: I would say it's definitely something that you and others have, like, asked for, so I think it's definitely on the roadmap. If I'm being honest. Yeah, it's probably like later this year kind of thing, you know, as opposed to the next few months.
Adam Harrison: So that would be my guess, but it is definitely, I think, something we want to build at some point.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Yeah. And Nate explained to me the whole process of I've been with you guys. For a long time. For a while. I don't know when you started, but I feel like I've been there fairly. Not too long after. When did you guys start? Do you remember? When did you start?
Adam Harrison: I've been here since almost the beginning. I think.
Adam Harrison: I think you were here before I was here.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Oh, that's nice. Yeah. I feel like I've been there for the beginning because. Yeah. So it's. It. So anyway, so I just remember, you know, it's just the two of them, and I talked to them because before I signed up, I wanted to get to know them as a company. Why they started a company and all of that anyway. And so he kind of shared with me that they're really trying to perfect, like, the billing part. And they're going to move to this, and then they're going to. Which I think is a beautiful business plan. And it's. It's going to be very successful. So many people just want to throw it all out there. And anyway, I won't waste your time with all that. But anyhow, so he did share that with me. That this is something that's going to be in the, you know, like, later on in the year, these other things, which is fine. I just didn't know if that was on the radar as far as having a messaging. It didn't even have to be a portal, but some sort of secure messaging system would. Be that would go into their to keep track of. Because phone calls. It's not possible with what we do because they do too much of what I'm doing right now. This right here. Sorry, go ahead.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, no, totally. I think that's why I asked what you meant by portal, because portal can mean so many things. I think portal would probably be like, we're not really thinking about a portal right now. And that patient messaging, definitely something we're. We're thinking about.
Tracey Sanderbeck: So going backwards. Honestly, a portal is going backwards. Because you guys have it all. Integrate all the pieces that are important beautifully. Don't mess with it. I mean, it maybe need to. Don't mess with it, but just a messaging system. That's what I was talking about, okay?
Adam Harrison: Yes. Yes.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Okay. So, yeah, go for it.
Adam Harrison: So I'm going to go ahead and create the enrollment. I think it might. It's going to ask you. I might need to send you some. Like, there's going to be a few actions you have to take on your side, because I think Aetna is one of the ones that makes the provider actually, like, confirm this as well as, like, the clearinghouse. So actually, let me just share my screen so you'll know what's coming. But I'll send this to you in an email. I don't think we'll be able to do it all right now, but I do want to just show you, kind of, so you have a heads up.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Okay, here we go.
Adam Harrison: So I'll send this document so you have it. But basically, what you'll need to do is I think you probably have an enrollment with Aetna already set up, right? So you're just going to log into the portal.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Yeah, one health. We have all that.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, One health care.
Adam Harrison: And then all you're going to do is change the enrollment to availability and not steady. Yeah, it goes steady is, like, integrated with availability. So it would go via availability.
Tracey Sanderbeck: We did all this before, so this should be very easy. So if you send me this.
Tracey Sanderbeck: We will go into the One Health or whatever is pretty well none of them are.
Adam Harrison: They don't make it easy.
Tracey Sanderbeck: But we. I know what we're doing. We just did all this. So then we'll change it to. So I'm changing the Clearinghouse to a villain. And then that's it.
Adam Harrison: So that's it. And then Just let me know once that's done. Because then I'll need to take a few steps on my side, too. But I'll send this to you, and, you know, we can kind of go from there.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Okay? I should be able to get that done tonight. I'm hoping. I'm going on my walk, and then I got to go to Costco with my sister. And then if I can't do it she'd been doing for sure, I'll just have her get on there and do it. We'll get it. Probably get it done tonight anyway. Yeah. So, yeah, I say let's go for it. We're good. Let me know when. Whenever you figure out. And everything's good with the wish where she can start. Sending, you know, putting all the patients in and. And then we'll go from there.
Adam Harrison: All right, great. I'm going to send this to you right now.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Do we need another beanie or are we good? And do we need another meeting?
Adam Harrison: Oh, yeah, it's kind of. Why don't we just put one. I think it's good to just have, like, a placeholder, just so we have, like. It's just. We can cancel it if we don't need it. But I think this week we should be okay, you know, unless. Unless you. Need something, we can. We can hop on a call, but why don't we just plan on. Can we plan on the same time? 5:00 Tuesday, next week?
Tracey Sanderbeck: Yep. Perfect. Let me. Let me look real quick. And let me see. I got at 420 on that day. Next Tuesday. So Tuesday the 17th. You're talking about? She takes forever. That's good. That's 5:00 is good, Yeah. This is a new one. Yeah, I mean, I think I can do it. Yeah. Five o'clock is good.
Adam Harrison: Do you want to. Can we actually do 5:15? I realize my call might run a little long, and I don't want to keep you waiting.
Tracey Sanderbeck: No, no, that's okay, Jill, because I was just thinking, you know, I'm pretty sure I could do it, but that last one could be a little bit of a talker, so. That's okay. Give us a little buffer.
Adam Harrison: Okay. Yeah, that's good. And which. I have two emails for you. Is there? I've been putting both on there. Do you want me to take one off?
Tracey Sanderbeck: Just put in for me and you. Let's. Yes, let's use the ILMH at Island Life. Mh because that's a secure Google one that I like, a HIPAA compliance secure whatever. And that way, if you're sending me financial information or whatever back and forth, I think that that would be probably okay. Yeah. So it doesn't. I mean, but that. That's probably better for me.
Adam Harrison: All right, well, thank you, Tracy. I will send you an email right now before I forget, and then we'll talk next week.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Okay? That sounds good. And anything or whatever, just let me know and. Or I'll let you know. Okay.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, likewise. Likewise. Something. Now.
Tracey Sanderbeck: All right.
Adam Harrison: See you.
Tracey Sanderbeck: Bye.