Valentina Rendich: Fine, thank you. Thank you for your time.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, thank you. How are you today?
Valentina Rendich: I am excited for this meeting. So awesome. Very nice, Very nice.
Adam Harrison: And you, are you in, was it Buenos Aires? Is that where you're based out of?
Valentina Rendich: Yeah, yeah, I'm from Buenos Aires, Argentina.
Adam Harrison: Oh, so nice. How, how is, yeah, how, how are, how are things down there? How's the, how's the weather looking for you this week?
Valentina Rendich: Well, at this moment it's really hot. We are in the middle of summer so we have high temperatures here and well, well it's the middle of, of the day and we, we, we already have like a, a high temperature so it's a lot of, of funny days and not so rainy. So it's really, really pleasant to, to enjoy the day and hang out. It's really nice.
Adam Harrison: Nice. Yeah, that sounds great. Yeah, for us, we are in the middle of like a freezing cold time here because I'm in New York and I saw pictures. Yeah, crazy, crazy, crazy. So so glad glad you're keeping warm. I'm trying to keep warm too. I, yeah, I, I'd love to kind of jump into things here. The purpose of this call is to just share a little bit of like background on us as job psych and kind of what we're looking for at this point point in terms of this role that we're looking to hire. And then I would also just love to hear a little bit more about you, your experience and sort of like what you're, you're looking for next. So yeah, if you don't mind, I'd love to start, you know, on, on your side. I had a chance to you know, obviously look at your resume and look at your portfolio, but would love to just hear, hear more about you.
Valentina Rendich: Sure, of course. Well, I'm a performance focused video editor. I mostly work on paid ads for TikTok and Meta and especially with short form and UCC style content and I'm very hands on editing and testing hooks and based on that trying to optimize and the next iterations and I'm very used to work with growth teams and strategies so I'm always receiving feedback. And working with other persons. And I, my, I think my most of my of my work is about testing hooks like I said and also like learning from performance. And I'm currently working in a US based agency and delivering creatives and ads every week. So that's why I'm really interested in your proposal because I think I'm very aligned with the role.
Adam Harrison: Thanks so much. Yeah, that's, that's awesome. And yeah, that sounds very, very aligned with the role. Maybe I'll just share a little more context and then we can kind of go from there. So in terms of my, you know, I'll start with kind of myself and my background. I have a background in management consulting and, and have been at jots like now for the past year or so. We're an early stage software startup so we have an AI scribe that saves psychiatrists, psychologists, therapists time on their notes and other administrative work. So you know, we're fairly early stages at the company. So my role has sort of spread expand both on the marketing side. So everything from what we put on the website, how you know, press releases, going to conferences, our performance marketing on Google and Meta and other, other places. But also I work on other parts of the business as well and like the product side of things and operations. So. So yeah, I think you know, basically where we are and what we're looking for is as a team we really are not very strong on the creative side. You know, we're much more like just from a personality standpoint, we're more like analytical and sort of like data and engineering oriented people. But so we're really actually pretty bad at like content and creative and that sort of stuff. So what we're sort of looking for or what I'm looking for at this stage is someone who I can work with as like a partner who will figure out. What's the different content that we should be putting out into the world and actually help. To think through some of the strategy of that as well as obviously the execution as well. And so our first near term focus is going to be much more performance related. So meta in particular. So both static imagery as well as short form video would be probably like the near term priority. But over a longer time horizon, you know, we may do longer form, you know, kind of video formats. We may do, you know, other kinds of other kinds of things as well. So. But the near term is definitely more performance based which is why you know, I kind of reached out to you in particular because I know that was, that's kind of your background. So. So yeah, maybe I can pause there actually before, before I do I'll just kind of outline what the next steps in the process would be. So the, the next steps would be like a paid take home assignment and we would pay $100 for, for this and I'll send you like a write up where there's a lot more detail on what that actually entails. But basically what we're looking for is one static creative asset and one you know, short form video asset. Very, very like open ended in terms of what you know, you want to create for that. And yeah, we can kind of like talk through that in more detail, but that would be. And with the idea that like we might actually, if it's, you know, if it looks good we might actually like put it into our meta account. So. So yeah, that's a little context on like the myself, the role and like what the next steps would be. But curious if you have any, any questions or reactions to any of that. Oh, the one thing I forgot to add is we probably are looking to start with more of a part time like contract kind of thing and if things go well, it may be more of a full time contract and then you know, potentially even like a, a full time role later on if, if it's like a good mutual fit. But you know we are definitely more in the like contract to hire sort of camp to start. So. So yeah, that any questions, reactions, thoughts on, on any of that I shared. I know that was a lot.
Valentina Rendich: Well that sounds great.
Valentina Rendich: I would love to do that assignment. Well, you said that in this task there is like a lot of. Creative mind from, from my side.
Valentina Rendich: And one thing I like to know is during the, the, the role is this like creative, open minded, like direction and still available during the work or it will be more like a brief and detailed work. I don't know if I'm, I'm saying correctly. I'm sorry.
Adam Harrison: So, you know, I think we probably won't have really explicit briefs for you. What we can like you and I, I think could be, could like brainstorm things and come up with things. But I think at this point we're looking for someone who and I can share like, oh, these hooks have performed well. These hooks have not performed well and I can like relay a lot of that feedback back to you. But just because we, you know, I just don't have the bandwidth to be like writing the briefs and things. We are looking for someone who is a little bit comfortable with like doing both the specking out, you know, what the, the brief should be as well as actually like executing on it. So I think normally those are maybe separated and more of like a strategist and then producer role. If I'm understanding like kind of the agency model correctly. We are probably looking for someone who is like a little bit excited about doing both with the understanding that, you know, I would be helping to fill in a lot of the gaps on the strategy side and could answer like questions that you have and would work with you. But we would want someone who's like, yeah, kind of going to want to be involved in both aspects. So. Yeah, I'm curious.
Valentina Rendich: I really like that.
Adam Harrison: Okay.
Valentina Rendich: Is that okay?
Adam Harrison: I know like it's not everyone's preference. You know, sometimes people want to be more execution focused. Sometimes people want to be more strategy focused. So, you know, totally understand if it's not the right thing for you either, you know.
Valentina Rendich: No, no, I, I really like that. I think it's a, a perfect mix of both things and I, I always present myself as a creative person. I'm always think, always thinking new ideas and, and well I also love to, to create content for my personal social media accounts. So I'm really used to that kind of stuff of task. So I think it's perfect from my side.
Adam Harrison: Awesome. Awesome. Well, great. Let me. And if you have like another few minutes, I might just pull up the assignment.
Valentina Rendich: Sure.
Adam Harrison: So you have a chance to kind of ask questions here before we get started. So. So yeah, this. You don't need to. I'll send you this whole document. So no need to like, worry about taking notes or anything. But yeah, we're really looking for one static, one video asset as, you know, a deliverable here you can use any kind of, like, tools you want to build them. The video could be any style, Right. It could be more product focused, like, you know, screen recordings. It could be different clips you found with like an audio overlay, you know, from. From online. It could be UGC style. You know, it really. And any kind of format is flexible. You know, it's just totally up to you. I think what's most important to talk about a little bit is a lot of the context on JOT Psych, the product and our customers, so that, you know, you have something to go off of when you're kind of doing your brainstorming. So that's maybe what I would want to spend like the next few minutes or so on. But yeah, like I mentioned, JOT Psych is a software built for behavioral health clinicians. So that's mostly psychiatrists. And PMHPS is psychiatric nurse practitioners. So these are, you know, providers that are prescribing medication. And we also work with therapists, social workers, psychologists. The only difference between them and psychiatrists is they are not prescribing medication. So they're doing more like talk therapy with their clients. So we are angling a little bit more towards psychiatrists because our product is just a better fit for them. And I can get more into that in a minute. The main things we help clinicians do. So the core product is ascribe, that takes notes for you in the background. It records your session. It writes your clinical note for you. So the main pain point we solve is less time on documentation. Psychiatrists might spend an hour or two per day on notes. And with this AI tool, that can go down to maybe just like 10 or 15 minutes. So that's the main benefit. So less time on documentation and. And that's like kind of the key thing here. Some other things that helps with staying more present during sessions, like with your patient, so you don't have to worry about taking notes that, you know, that hook has worked. Okay. It's. Not maybe our strongest one. I'm going to skip this one for now. The sooner you get your note done, the sooner you can get paid. Because the note has to be done before you can bill something to insurance. So it helps them get paid faster. There's also the possibility that you may get audited by insurance. And then if that happens, they're going to ask to look at all your notes. And if your notes aren't like in order and look good and you have all the information you need in there, they can actually take money back from you that they've already paid you up to five years later. So I would say this is a big thing. There's a lot of fear among clinicians about audits and like, oh, if I get audited, are my notes going to stand up and be defensible in an audit? So those are kind of the main things that are maybe like worth leaning into here. Let's see. Yeah, this is a little bit of like the same, right? Saving time. People either work late or, or on the weekends in session distraction. I already talked about that. Billing and insurance again, like the sooner your note is done, the sooner you can get paid. And jot psych also will help you prep the like, claim that gets submitted to insurance and that can help reduce denials. Again, like anxiety around audits. That's another one. And yeah, lastly, there's just big, a lot of burnout in the industry related to notes and insurance and it's just sort of exhausting. And lastly, here, I'll just show you. There's a few ads here that have kind of, you know, performed well. These are mostly static ads, just be mostly because we haven't tested really video very much yet. So here's one example. This was sort of like an AI generated thing, right? Charting is the term for doing notes. So we are sort of flipping the idea of notes being stressful into like it's actually like a spa day because it all, you know, jots, like kind of does it for you. This one very, very simple and kind of like bold, right? You know, showing an example of what your note could look like, you know, done for you immediately. This one is sort of like more aspirational, you know, like, I'm getting my life back, I'm able to do the things I want to do. And instead of doing notes. And then last one here, this is just sort of like text on a. You know, kind of. Some of these are like post it note styles. Some of them are just text. But you know, those are, those are a few examples here. So what I would suggest here definitely kind of like before you dive in too deep, feel free to create an account, explore the product a little bit, learn a little. Spend a little time learning about like what psychiatry is, what like what notes are. You know, like just what, what some of the terminology is. Would definitely encourage you to do that. You can also go through, I mean I'm sure you notice already like some of our existing ads, some of our competitors ads. Yeah. And I can share more competitors, but there's like so many of these out there. And yeah. Lastly this is sort of like just what we're looking for. And, and yeah, how what we would ask for you to submit like within the next week or so. But any, any questions on any of that? I know that was a lot and I know we're also kind of over time but I did wanted to share a little bit of like context before I just threw you this like random assignment that very open ended.
Valentina Rendich: No worries for the time. First of all, and I think I, I got the idea clearly. And I, I would like to, to take a second read.
Adam Harrison: Okay.
Valentina Rendich: When you send me that and maybe if any question. Yeah.
Valentina Rendich: Comes to my. I can send you. Yeah, I think I'm okay.
Adam Harrison: Yeah. Feel free to please take your time, digest. It's a lot. So feel free to email me any questions. I will get back to you within like a day at, at most and yeah, whatever you need. I'm like very happy to be like a partner with you on this. I don't mean for this to be like, okay, see you later.
Adam Harrison: You know, Valentina, like good luck. I'm happy to go back and forth on whatever you need and you know, we'll kind of like go from there. But. But yeah, if that all sounds good to you, I will let you get on with your kind of Friday and hope you have a great weekend and I'll send this over and you know, looking forward to working together on this.
Valentina Rendich: Thank you so much. Yeah, I, I will put my hands on this task and I'm really excited for this opportunity. So I look forward for hearing from you and continue chatting. So thank you so much for your time.
Adam Harrison: Yeah. Awesome. Thank you, Valentina. And actually one thing I should mention is. We can talk about this another time too, but. Is there a compensation range you are targeting for this? I think, just for full transparency, we are still calibrating what we are, you know, kind of planning for this. I think I sent you a range that was not actually, like, correct. So we're. We're still, like, looking to calibrate that, and.
Valentina Rendich: Yeah.
Adam Harrison: But is there anything we should know from your side of, like, what you're. What you're looking for otherwise? If not, you know, we can just come back to you later on once we get more clarity there.
Valentina Rendich: Yeah, no, no worries. I think that I have completely flexibility on this, on the. The compensation, but based on research I made from similar roles, and I think compensation between 10 and 15 per hour would be okay. But like I said, I can totally be flexible with that. I don't have any problems with discussing this later, and. No. No problem with that.
Adam Harrison: Okay. Yeah, that sounds great. And yeah, we can circle back to it. I'm sure that will be totally fine. And yeah, that. That all sounds good. We're. Yeah, we're focused for now on, like, finding the right person, and we will definitely, like, make compensation work, you know? You know, for. If it's a mutual.
Valentina Rendich: But of course. Yeah.
Adam Harrison: All right. Thank you, Valentina. I hope you have a great weekend and looking forward to. To working with you on this.
Valentina Rendich: Same from me and wishing you a happy weekend, and thank you for your time again.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, thank you so much. Have a. Have a nice weekend. Bye.
Valentina Rendich: Bye. Thank you.