Jack Waugh: Hey Amy, this is Jack from JotSync. How are you? Yeah, definitely happy to do that. And yeah, we can definitely take like another time or have a little bit more of a chance. Yeah, well, I just kind of wanted to ask you, it looks like maybe you found out about Jot Psych through Facebook. Is that right? Or. Yeah, definitely. I'm happy to tell you about kind of like what we're able to help clinicians with. And was there any particular reason you were interested in like trying us out, like anything that made you reach out that you were hoping we would be able to do? Yeah, totally. So we do a few things. I mean, as far as like the core of our platform, so we're one of the few scribes that's actually built for behavioral health clinicians. So this means is we actually trained Jot Psych on notes that were more likely to get approved through insurance for psych professionals. So it's a really, really accurate scribe and it's able to save people anywhere. I've heard as much as 10 hours, but typical is like five to eight hours a week on their note taking time and charting. Yeah. Are you like, so I imagine you're spending a lot of time on charting and note taking. Is that part of why you had reached out to us? Yeah, it is. So basically the way it works is like it's meant to take all of that, you know, sort of mental load off of you. So you're just able to be like more present with your patient. So you're the way it kind of like functions is you hit the record button. It records the session. Patient walks out, you hit stop and it generates a fully HIPAA compliant note for you. Perfect. All right, awesome. Well, we can definitely help you. Gotcha. The great thing about Jot psych, like if you have a custom format, you're used to working from is you can actually upload that format and we'll just upload it to our platform and like, yeah, we'll have like the recording populate that note in that exact way. Yeah. Yeah. Definitely. Well. I mean, I definitely would love to show you like a little bit more in depth. And I can also like get you set up with like a free two week trial when we talk next. Would there be a better time for you maybe this week? So I can actually like share my screen and kind of show you how things work. Yeah, no problem. Wednesday or. Any chance would you have anything tomorrow, Tuesday? Okay. Gotcha. And Friday is your, your off, you said. Why could you Friday if that works for you if there's like a time maybe like, are you Eastern time? Or Central? Okay, I'm central. I could do like 10 30 central time on Friday. Would that be okay? It's pretty quick. I mean, it can be as short as you. Want. Okay. Let's see if we can do like 230 today. I might be able to fit that. In. How about next Monday? Is that okay for you? Yeah, how would that work? Yes. Yeah. Sorry. I know the timing is. Yeah, no, I want to help you get set up with this. If you do have any time or anything frees up today, I see like a little gap in my schedule after 3 30 central time. So I'll be around until five central time. So you can just like let me know. But we can always have Monday. As a fail safe. Unfortunately, I'm out of office Thursday. So that's the only reason that just this week my schedule is a little bit all over the map as well. I know, I know how it is. I know. It's one of those weeks. Well, why don't I go ahead. Yeah. You absolutely can. Yeah, I'll have some like. Yeah, I could, it looks like I have a 1pm if that works okay for you. At 1pm Central. Okay. Perfect. Let me go ahead. I'll put that down and yeah, like if we need more time on that following Monday, we can always like, you know, talk again then if we're finding we're a little pressed for time. But I'll go ahead and put you down for Friday at 1pm Central. And you should see an email update. For that. Let me know that you get that. I think it, like, just sent now. Yeah, take your time, no problem. That's okay. Actually, yeah, that's, that's even better for me on Friday. Yeah. That's okay. Yeah, just changing it. So you should have a new one. New email in there. That should be incoming. Yeah. When you say presented, do you mind elaborating a little bit? Yep, it's that easy. Yep. And it works with like telehealth and everything like that. So there's really, unless you're using headphones, we just have a little button that you click for that. But otherwise like, it's just meant to work with whatever you're using. So yeah, you just. Yeah, we have an app as well. So if you want to use the app to like record sessions, you can do that and then you can go and like check the notes later on the site. But yeah, it's all through the website basically in the app. Okay. Perfect. Friday at 3 p.m. right. Okay. Perfect. Thanks Amy. You too. Bye.