becca: Thursday.
Mariah Smith: Awesome. I know Jess is held up a little bit on another call, but I'm happy to go ahead and jump in.
Mariah Smith: Yeah, I wanted to get a little bit more from you on exactly what would be the most helpful today and the kinds of topics you're interested in covering. I just want to make sure we're tailoring the kind, the walkthrough a little bit to what's going to be the most important to you.
becca: Yeah, I guess, you know, we got our first person on Jots rx, which is super exciting. One thing came up that we didn't really understand, though. I don't know that this is anything to do with the admin panel, but she saw like a need for pre authorization for a medication that was like not a controlled substance or anything and was very unclear what to do next. She said she had never seen anything like it before.
becca: That is maybe like there's a process question here, which is like, what's the best way for us to get more information for our users? But I think so separately. Originally, why I wanted to set up this call was to learn about the admin panel a little bit troubleshooting. What are some common things that come up that we should be aware of so we're not kind of flying blind when we're trying to help out our users?
Mariah Smith: Yeah, absolutely. So we can cover both today. And I can also send over some more resources on the EPA portion of things. Because you did get certified for epa. Let me just double check that. That's if there's.
becca: Remind me what that means.
Mariah Smith: Yeah, so there's a couple different components of EPA here, and I think it's important to differentiate between the two since they do sometimes kind of get convoluted. 1. So when we say EPA, we're talking electronic prior authorization. And so we do offer a functionality in our platform where if, when we're running the patient's eligibility information in the background, if it indicates that the medication we're queuing up requires some sort of prior authorization, it will flag that for you. And so that's likely what your prescriber saw in the system is that whatever medication, and it doesn't always have to be a controlled substance, it can be any medication, it's entirely driven by the patient's insurance policy.
becca: Okay.
Mariah Smith: If that medication requires a prior auth, we do have the ability to submit and process those in the system and you can receive a response back. You'll get kind of the prior authorization confirmation code, and then you can use that to actually send the prescription in so that you're not getting any sort of surprises later on down the line. Right. Like if.
becca: If the patient tries to build it. Are you saying, like, the clinician who will get that code? Okay, got it. So this individual has, like, prescribed or this clinician has prescribed this individual this medication for a long time. Is the system ever wrong about prior authorizations? It wasn't a new patient.
Mariah Smith: So it. It's dependent on the insurance information first and foremost. So I don't know that I have information on kind of accuracy scores around it, which I can also. I can kind of dig into that on the back end if that would be helpful. If they've never done it in the past, Becca, they. They do have the ability to kind of ignore that message.
becca: We couldn't see that. Actually, that would be helpful to know because they almost looked like you could not send the prescription without it.
Mariah Smith: Interesting. Okay. So I would want to see what they're seeing, and if it's not a functionality that you all really want or need, we can always turn it off too. So they wouldn't necessarily get that message. The only kind of risk that comes with doing that is if there is, you know, a prior auth requirement for the patient's insurance and they're intending to use their insurance to pay for the med, then they just may not pay for it. Right. If the prior auth wasn't successfully gotten ahead of time.
becca: Yeah.
Mariah Smith: But again, if this is. This sounds like a situation where they've been working together for some time, you know, the cost and kind of the process around this med is familiar for the patient, and so if it becomes more disruptive than anything else, we can absolutely turn it off.
becca: Okay. So we will keep an eye and an ear out for that and see if it becomes an issue. I think the most important piece of it, though, is just like, that it's clear to the user that they don't need to do it in order to submit the prescription. So maybe I can just send you a screenshot of what we saw. Saw, yeah.
Mariah Smith: And you could.
becca: I mean, I can even, like, share my screen right now if that would be.
Mariah Smith: Yeah, if you have it up, that would be fantastic.
becca: Okay, here, let me share my screen.
Jessica Brinkley: Sorry I was late, friends. I got stuck in my call previous, so.
Jessica Brinkley: You're in good hands, Becca. Mariah's the boss. She's got this.
Mariah Smith: We're. We're working through it. Awesome. Let me see here.
Jessica Brinkley: I can see the ghost of Marcus up there on your screen, right?
becca: Yeah, totally. Right. So there's this. There's this initiate. Oh.
Mariah Smith: Oh, my God.
becca: She's. Let me mute this. I don't know if you could hear that, but I could hear it. It was distracting.
Jessica Brinkley: Okay, we could. So we couldn't hear you.
becca: So there's this prior authorization here. Right. And then I asked. Oh, so what you're saying is. I guess.
Mariah Smith: Yeah.
becca: Oh, okay.
Mariah Smith: So see how you still have that green approve and send button. You can still, or you should be able to still send it doing the prior auth, if that's what you would prefer to do.
becca: Oh, got it. Okay. We did not like that. That makes total sense. And now I know what to tell people that they don't actually have to do it.
Mariah Smith: Yeah. See, the function is active, though. So if they do, you know, if they're getting feedback from their patient that, like, hey, I know this requires a prior auth, I'm concerned it's not going to be covered unless we do that. This is the right window that they would probably populate. And the EPA request is how you can do it electronically through our system. Versus doing like an offline request. Some payers have like specific portal processes for prior auth, all that good stuff. So if you, if it's a known scenario and you're doing it kind of outside the system, you. You select offline.
becca: Okay.
Mariah Smith: Yeah.
becca: And then expedite request is basically like ignore submit.
Mariah Smith: Essentially, expedite request is more. So if you're submitting an electronic prior auth and you need it coming back fast.
Mariah Smith: And so this is, you know, we're. What. What's essentially happening here is that we're submitting all the details of this particular prescription to the patient's insurance and saying, hey, we're going to be. We're looking to prescribe this. We think it's medically necessary. Here's all the information. And hopefully that kind of flags it. To get you a response faster. You would essentially just leave the med queued up until you get the, the EPA response back and then you would send it through with the confirmation number.
becca: Okay, great. That's super helpful. Awesome. Okay, yeah. So just would love to learn about admin panel stuff, troubleshooting.
Mariah Smith: That sounds great. Let me pull up my screen here and we can just kind of walk through some things. Definitely interrupt me if you have questions, if there's specific scenarios that you want to walk through. All of that good stuff. Let me, let me know when you can see this. Okay.
becca: Let me just pull this over to the.
Jessica Brinkley: We can screen.
Mariah Smith: Perfect.
becca: Oh, yeah.
becca: So Joseph is actually someone we want to cancel. So he sent a prescription, but he.
becca: Then it was just for a test. So yeah, I would love to see, like how we do that.
Mariah Smith: But yeah, so when you say cancel, cancel the actual prescription or. Or deactivate him as a clinician.
becca: Deactivate him as a clinic. Clinician, yeah.
Mariah Smith: So if you come in here, actually look at his clinician profile, you have the ability. So we don't ever remove data necessarily from production, but you can flip him to inactive.
becca: Okay. And that means we're not getting charged for him anymore.
Mariah Smith: Correct.
becca: Okay, Correct.
Mariah Smith: So you would just flip that, confirm it, and then you would be fine to go. And I'm happy to do that now.
becca: Yeah. Will you do it? I wanted to do it, yeah. Great. Amazing.
Mariah Smith: And I'm gonna say great. Yep. And then you should be good. And then the way you can double check is if you go into this particular organization, if the clinician status is filtered on active, you shouldn't see him.
Mariah Smith: Yeah, you can still see him if you filter for that, but he should be good. And you'll see all of his registrations get kind of stripped away as well. So he's not actually registered to even do anything. So you're. You should be good to go. Yep. Awesome. So we can kind of go into maybe one of our other organizations here. So. Yeah. When you are kind of working through some of these with your actual prescriber. So we kind of went through the ability to add clinicians in this space. So again, Kind of selecting the correct role, making sure an MPI is available, all of your demographic information once you actually have a prescriber loaded. And we can kind of go into Kim's just to kind of get familiar with some of these tabs here and not some of these, just so that you're aware too are internal only tabs that only do Spot will see. So like you wouldn't necessarily see like an ftb, Vela tab, anything like that. So this will look a little bit different on your side than it does on mine.
becca: Okay.
Mariah Smith: But one of the things I, if you were to ever, you know, run into an issue where, you know, a clinician wasn't able to prescribe something along those lines, some of the first things that I would come in and look at is just what their surescript status is in. Kim's in good shape because she's in this lovely sure Scripts. Okay. Green status.
becca: Yeah.
Mariah Smith: And I'm seeing these lovely checkboxes over here. Usually it only because just with the, you know, the small window here, you're only able to see a couple of the message types that she is actually registered for. And so if you want to get a full view of all functionality that she should be, that she has, based on her sure Scripts registration, you'd actually want to come into the full clinician page and then look at this Clinic info tab.
becca: Okay.
Mariah Smith: And so if you scroll all the way down here, you can see where it's. It would show clinic to clinic. So say she was attached to more than one clinic. You should see them all kind of listed here. She's only in one right now, so that's great. And then anywhere you see these lovely green checkboxes, that's what was registered when we completed that automated registration process for her within the sure Scripts network.
becca: Okay.
Mariah Smith: So she has the full suite of functionality. That's beautiful. That's wonderful. One of the common things, and I forget if we touched on this on your go live, call it all, but one of the common things that we sometimes see, particularly with any prescribers who are migrating from another E prescribing vendor to do Spot, is that sometimes you'll see X's on refills and RX change in particular. And that is because there is a sure Scripts requirement that those two message types are only able to be enabled on a single ERX vendor. And so if they were say, coming from like a doctor first and coming to do Spot and they had those message types enabled on the Dr. First side, we would need to, within our support team submit a what we call a change of vendor request to sure Scripts to get those message types migrated over to their dose spi.
becca: Can you tell me a bit more about what you mean by message types? Like, does that mean that they actually cannot submit refills and cannot submit new scripts because most of our people, I feel like, are going to be migrating over from somewhere else?
Mariah Smith: Absolutely. So message types are essentially the functionalities that you would be experiencing within your E prescribing work. Flow.
Mariah Smith: And so new RX is the ability to actually send new prescriptions. Right. Refills are the ability to take in refill requests, process refill requests from the pharmacy.
becca: Okay.
Mariah Smith: RxChange is also the ability to process change requests from the pharmacy. So these two message types in particular originate on the pharmacy side.
becca: Okay.
Mariah Smith: CancelRx is the ability for the prescriber to cancel a prescription. Rxfill is another pharmacy generated message type. Whereas it's kind of the updates on when the patient has actually picked up their prescription, whether it was fully filled, partially filled, those kinds of updates. So refills, change and rxfill in particular are all pharmacy originating message types.
becca: Okay.
Mariah Smith: And so our understanding of the limitation on the surescript side is that just the routing of pharmacy originated messages, they like to keep that isolated with a single vendor at a time.
Mariah Smith: And so that's why you'll see that. So what I would recommend, Becca, is as you guys start to kind of formalize your clinic to clinic rollout plan, let's, let's stay tight on that. And you can always submit a salesforce support ticket to our support team. I. I would recommend it right in the subject line, indicating that it's a change of vendor request.
Mariah Smith: And you would just want to outline the prescribers, you'd want to get them added into the system and outline the prescribers that you would want the request to be for. And we'll submit a ticket to sure Scripts on your behalf. We can collect most of the information on our side, including like the do spot specific SPIs that we would want to move those message types to.
becca: Okay.
Mariah Smith: An SPI is a. It's a particular prescriber identity number that sure Scripts uses and it is specific to location and prescriber.
becca: Okay.
Mariah Smith: And so we would just need to know the originating spi, so the one where they're coming from and the dope spot one that they're going to, if that makes sense.
becca: Yeah. So just to say it back to you.
Mariah Smith: Yeah.
becca: Actually, I have a couple questions. I don't want to lose sight of it. So the first one is what are my. To take away from what I'm seeing right now that Kimberly was not actually using a different prescription vendor because those are green.
Mariah Smith: Not necessarily that she could have been, but she just may not have had refills and change enabled. Those are really the two main ones. And what you will see a great way to tell. Right. So if you were to, you know, come into this clinic. Right. And see that she's in it's refills and change.
becca: So it's not new rx. So they'll be able to sign up with our platform tomorrow. Can send a prescription no matter where they're coming from.
Mariah Smith: Correct. We would need to do that change of vendor process just for those two functionalities only. Usually what we will do because anything that ends up in an error status. Right. So. So say she's in a red error status that comes to our support team first and we'll do what we can to resolve it. And in a change of vendor scenario, what we usually do is just disable those two message types so that they can at least move forward with new rx.
becca: Got it.
Mariah Smith: Right. So they can usually still move forward with new rx, cancel rx, bill, epa, you know, the additional kind of suite of services. It's just those two message types that can sometimes be problematic.
becca: Okay, so then can I.
becca: Sorry, can I interrupt really quickly? Because I just want to make sure I'm super clear. So. But what that means is like I'm a clinician, I have refills, RX change associated with Dr. First. I sign up on JOT Psych and I purchase Jawrx. I actually still can't prescribe medication right away because the support team first needs to turn that on for me. But the support team is going to get an alert when I sign up that my status is red because my refills and RX Change are on Dr. First. But. But I'm still a little bit blocked until the support team can flip that on for me. Is that right?
Mariah Smith: Correct. And so that's why I say, like, let's stay really closely aligned as you are onboarding new clinics. The turnaround time, if I'm remembering correctly from our conversations with sure Scripts, is that they usually need at least three business days heads up before they can turn things over. But they usually give us back the date that the flip over will happen.
Mariah Smith: And so if you submit a support ticket to our Dospot support team for a change of vendor request, they'll give you that date back so that you can, you know, provide that back to the clinicians and let them know, you know, they wouldn't necessarily be able to receive a refill request or a change request in dospot until this date.
becca: What's the turnaround time though, for a new clinician who not for. Who then can start prescribing right away if it has to go to your support to like turn new RX on for them? What is that turnaround time?
Mariah Smith: Typically it's pretty quick. So we're, we're constantly reviewing that, that workflow and that backlog in order to resolve registration errors.
becca: Okay.
Mariah Smith: So it should be, it should be fairly quick, usually same day, I would say to get that initial registration error resolved and then, and then the change of vendor request, we would need insight. So the only sticking point really, Becca, there is that you, we would need insight from you on whether or not they want those message types transitioned too. Right. Because, I mean, in this day and age, right, like, clinicians are working across platforms and sometimes they don't want to move that. So we wouldn't, you know, initiate the change of vendor request until we get confirmation from you. All that. That's actually what the clinician wants to do.
becca: Makes sense. And so then can you just spell out the email that we would submit, support all of the information? So we would need our clinician to get the SPI number from their other vendor. Right.
becca: They would need to give us that. No. Okay. Yeah.
Mariah Smith: So we can, we can see that on, on our side we can actually, we can go into sure Scripts. There's a production sure Scripts workbench that we're able to look up a, a prescriber usually based on their npi just that we can get like here's where they're coming from, here's where they're going, here's what we need to shift in terms of message types. Usually all we will need from your end is typically they like to have a clinic called Contact Person and it can be the prescriber themselves but it's just essentially someone for sure Scripts to reach out to to confirm like yes, you do want to do this.
becca: Okay.
Mariah Smith: So that's usually all we will need. It's just name, phone number and email of the right contact.
becca: Got it. Okay, makes sense. Okay cool. So that makes sense. And yeah, what, what else should, should I know that just, just to confirm that.
Mariah Smith: Right. So if you're ever curious you see someone in an error status, you can always come into registration history as well. And it looks like you know, for, for Kim in particular, she hasn't run into any errors. That's fantastic. But if she did, you would see that as an entry in here. And usually the registration status error language will tell you refills enabled at Spix it will actually give you that language. So that's always a great place to look just to confirm your understanding of what's going on. If it's not a change of vendor related item. The registration status column should also give you some language about what's going on. We just ran into one with a client the other day where it was just funkiness in how sure Scripts wants to see addresses formatted. It was like one of those 45th North 85 west kind of scenario street address and it was inputted with lowercase letters. It caused an error. It was a super quick fix. But it was really great to see that description right here in the, the registration status column. Just so it gave us something to go on in terms of like ooh, what should we play around with to see if we can fix this? So this registration history tab is super, super helpful if you're ever running into anybody who is in a registration error status.
becca: And let me see, but those are things we would need to escalate to you guys, right? Or do you get alerts about those and they get taken care of or we have to escalate? Yeah.
Mariah Smith: So they come to us first. So anything that ends up in an error status will route to our support team first. We'll do what we can to see if we can resolve it, but typically where it's some sort of demographic mismatch, we want to make sure that we have the right information, right?
Mariah Smith: And so, you know, sometimes it's. Maybe we, like, put in one wrong digit on an MPI or something along those lines. Or the name, maybe someone got married, right? Their name changed. It now doesn't match the NPI database. Something along those lines. And so what we'll do in those cases is we'll escalate that back to you all, just to confirm the data with your client, make sure everything looks right, and then we'll. We can try the registration again. And so when you come in, you usually land right on your dashboard. You should see any escalated registration errors right in that first dashboard view when you log into the admin console, anything that requires your attention.
becca: Okay, do we email a notification?
Mariah Smith: I think a notification does go out to client admins for any registration errors that are getting escalated back to you all.
becca: Okay, got it, got it. Cool. Super helpful. So we don't. In our app currently are not going to be flagging if there's issues at the pharmacy or the pharmacy kicks it back or. Or requires pre op. Do you guys route any, like, emails to the users because you have that information from Dosebot or. No. Like, a clinician would have to be checking their Dose Spot account to see that.
Mariah Smith: So it depends on what it actually is. And in many cases we will send a push notification for that. And so the notification icon that you built out in your application that we looked at during the screen demo process, should flag if there's something in Dospot that requires the clinician's attention. And so the most common examples that we talk through in those situations are like, if you get a refill request, if you get a change request, something along those lines should light up that icon that you have in your platform so that the clinician knows, oh, there's something in dosepa I need to go attend to.
becca: Wait, which. Which icon? I wasn't in the walkthrough with Marcus, so I actually didn't know this would. Do you recall? I mean, I should ask him, but I didn't know this.
Mariah Smith: Jess, do you recall exactly what it looked like? But oftentimes it's just like a little bell icon that you put into your platform somewhere that will get you a little like.
Jessica Brinkley: Yeah, it normally lives in just that bell icon, like on the prescriber end. Is that what we're talking about?
becca: So Marcus showed you that in jot Psych, is what you're saying?
Mariah Smith: Yes, it's something that we always check off as part of the screen demonstration. Yes.
Jessica Brinkley: Yeah, yeah, right.
Mariah Smith: Because like, your. Your clinicians are going to be living in do spot all the time. Right. And so that's. That's part. That's one of the requirements we have as part of the Jumpstart integration, is that there's something to tell them in your system when they need to go look at something in do spot.
becca: Okay, got it. I totally did not know he built that. So that's helpful to know.
Mariah Smith: Yeah, absolutely.
Jessica Brinkley: So I believe when we were doing the EPCS walkthrough, that we did with you, Becca. You know, we had to go to that where the tfa.
becca: Yeah.
Jessica Brinkley: Notification. It's that same. It's that same overlay. It's just it. When you select on that button, it may just have different sections that pop up. So. But it's in that same spot for prescribers. It's that little bell and it'll have, like a doe spot.
Mariah Smith: That's the doe spot one, though. So there's also, you know, as part of the screen demonstration process, we should move all similar. The iconography is usually really similar, though, Becca. It's like. Some sort of little bell in your UI somewhere that will digest push notifications or will be pinging our AP our Notification count API on a regular basis just to make sure that they're getting the prompt that they need to launch the DoseBot UI to attend to something.
becca: Okay, got it.
Jessica Brinkley: Yeah, I was stuck in the do spot side, but yes, we did look at that. I don't exactly, but it was very similar.
Mariah Smith: No worries. I think so we also have notifications for like prescriber onboarding steps, so as their status changes related to like the identity proofing process and I believe also related to tfa. And then to your original question, Becca, I think that there are also push notifications for transmission errors. So if for whatever reason, you know, they tried to send a prescription, it didn't go through, there was some sort of error issue, it would also send a notification. And then if you wanted to do more kind of digging on your end on what's going on for any sort of error, transmission error in particular, what I would recommend is leveraging the reports tab in the admin console.
becca: Okay.
Mariah Smith: And so if you come here, there's a nice little suite of standardized reports here. Once my system catches up, sometimes it can be a little slow. But this, I think it's the second option. Under prescriptions by date range, there's outstanding transmission error reporting. And so you would just, you know, look for the right dates and then you can either show that right here in this window or you can export it into a CSV and it gives you a little bit more information. There's some language that kind of indicates what actually is going wrong in those instances. Like we just dug into one the other day with a client where, you know, the pharmacy note was too long. You know, they, they were going over the, the character limit with that. That's what was causing the problem. We were able to resolve it. So yeah, see this? All outstanding transmission errors. You would want to select that.
becca: So if I can actually just follow up on this, is it like. So in that case, I could imagine us looking into it being able to understand what that error was and relay that back to our clinicians, like, hey, this is the problem?
Mariah Smith: Yes.
becca: Are there going to be cases though where like, it's not going to be clear to us what to relay or we're going to need to escalate it to you? I'm just curious about like the responsibility and where that lies.
Mariah Smith: Yeah, absolutely. If it's not clear, you know, and obviously depending, there's all sorts of different potential transmission error. Root causes. Right? It totally depends on what the problem is. In some cases, it can be something that you. You're able to relay. Like that pharmacy note example. Right? Is a good one. Just. Like maybe put less information or try to truncate it in some way. If it's unclear or if it's something suggesting, you know, maybe like a problem with sure scripts or something along those lines. I would absolutely recommend creating a support ticket and giving you know, the, the error text that you're seeing and the error type, whether it's you know, a 900 error or 400 error or whatever, whatever error code it actually was and they can help to dig into it on their side. Again they have the ability to access like the scripts workbench and see a little bit more about like what data sure Scripts actually received and where the error got flagged.
Mariah Smith: And if it's more of like a surescript side issue, they can escalate that to the surescript support team.
Mariah Smith: If it was maybe some sort of intermittent issue on our side, they can work to with our dev team to get those things like re queued and resent. Doesn't happen super frequently but if that were, you know, ever a thing, the support team would be your best bet to help you out with that.
becca: Amazing. So I actually have to jump in a minute but I do want to ask two additional things. One is just this is super helpful and is there like more here? Should I set up another call to keep walking through this? Like truly extremely helpful and I'll relay all this to the team. The second is about DEA numbers. So like just there's a quick answer. We have clinicians who have multiple DEA numbers. Is there any way for them to update that themselves in the app or we have to do it for them or like our UI has to ask for multiple DEA numbers.
becca: We actually, we know we can add it like Marcus did it for a clinician. I'm just curious like is there any sort of self serve for the clinician and could it be through our app?
Mariah Smith: That's a great question. Let me, I would have to look at the. Whoops one second and let me look at the APIs. This might be one. I know you have done the hot backup but this might be one where we need to follow up and just see what is available with the Jumpstart integration.
Mariah Smith: Okay, let me let us dig into that and I'll send you an answer on it.
becca: Yeah, we'd love to just follow up over email about this and maybe setting up another call because truly this has been great and I really appreciate it and yeah, a couple more questions. I promise this will spare you guys emails in the future.
Mariah Smith: So that's what we're here for. Oh it does look like there is a post. A post DEA Numbers API endpoint where you can add a DEA number to a clinician. So it does look like something within the Jumpstart API guide that you can, you know, configure on your side that they add a second.
becca: Yeah, Yeah.
Mariah Smith: Y. Okay, great.
becca: Thank you so much, you guys.
Mariah Smith: We'll be in touch, of course.
becca: But really appreciate it.
Jessica Brinkley: Becca, just to let you know, I know you've got to run. I'm out of office next week, so if there are. If you need to send emails, just put Mariah and I both in them. So that way somebody has eyeballs on them. If it's email.
becca: Great. Thank you guys so much. I'll talk to you later.
Jessica Brinkley: Thanks, Becca. Bye.
Mariah Smith: Bye.
Jessica Brinkley: Bye.