Emily Kaiser: I don't know what's happening over here. Both of my screens went white, so I'm trying to get back in. But I figured I would join on my fountain for now.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, no worries. So, yeah, I was just kind of saying that you go to this dashboard, you can kind of look at, like, what's the status with everyone. But honestly, I think as I was, like, thinking about it more after you drop off. The thing is, there isn't really one, like, process, I guess, right now, because everyone kind of has their own stuff going on. So it's sort of like whatever the next steps are, like, for that particular account and customer.
Emily Kaiser: So whatever kind of pops up is how you kind of navigate your day.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, I think the best way to. Discuss, like, the best actually way to approach it would just be if I kind of, like, go through each single customer and kind of explain what's going on and what the challenges are and what the next steps are. Then you're gonna. Then you're. I think that's going to actually be more helpful than talking about, like, a general, like, how do I approach my day kind of thing?
Emily Kaiser: Okay, before we do that, I am wondering. Let me look at my list here and just see if I have any more, like, General questions.
Adam Harrison: So, yeah, let's. Let's go through your list first.
Emily Kaiser: I think we went over all that. Do you. Oh, that was kind of. Do you go through claims every day? Oh, something that Michelle brought up. We were kind of talking about, like, she was talking about the way. And again, I'm learning the language, so I'm probably going to butcher this. Don't worry. Like liability wise, like talking about how, like, you know, if you put B instead of a, she was saying that jot site could get in trouble for that, like, legally, of course, and if. Or it kind of falls back on a clinician, and that's why we don't want to make those selections for the clinicians. We want them being the end person that's selecting those choices. And I'm wondering, like, how does that work currently? Like, have you guys ever had a situation where, like, you're personally responsible or liable for anything like this? I know that jot bill is, like, fairly new. But, yeah, I don't know any insight on that yet.
Adam Harrison: I think it's definitely good to be aware of, though. So I think it's. I think ultimately, I think. The clinician is sort of responsible for, like, the codes that they choose and making sure the notes are, like, documented and stuff like that. But we also, like, kind of want to do right by them, I think. So do we have liability? You know, I would say. Yeah, I'm sure we have, like, some level of liability. And I'm not sure exactly, like, the legal implications, but I think it's. Like. It's more of. Like. You know, if there is something that is. Like. Structurally wrong or, like, misrepresenting. The work being done or, like, the documentation isn't there to, like, whatever. If there's, like, if basically, if Michelle, if Michelle, I think, was like, oh, this is concerning. In some way. Then, you know, that would be something we would, like, raise with the. Clinician. Yeah. For the most part, we, like, haven't really had any, any issues there. I don't think typically you're going to have. Like, big liability issues. It's more. It's more like. You know, a claim might get denied because you code something wrong. That's going to be probably the most common thing.
Emily Kaiser: And then, yeah, I thought that was interesting with what Michelle said. She said that, you know, the audits and the denials happened because, I don't know, she gave some high percentage of it basically being like 95 coded wrong. That was interesting.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, exactly. So most of the claims, I think, are going to be pretty straightforward. I would say what I would suggest is like, you know, I have this weekly call with Michelle for you. What I would suggest is, like, keep that call in the calendar or schedule it for a time that, like, works for you.
Adam Harrison: You know, you guys can find a good time. I don't really think Jackson will, like, join those too often, but he might and just go through, like, for your first few claims, kind of just, like, go through them with her. And, you know, review them, like, before you submit something.
Emily Kaiser: Okay. I'm back. Okay, no, that sounds good. And I think you guys were talking about, like, exactly what you said kind of flagging something for Jackson when there's in the product. And you guys were talking about yesterday on the call with Michelle of, like, something to where the clinician can go in and edit it when that decision does need to be made claim. So is that kind of like how the process typically works?
Adam Harrison: Yeah. So sometimes Jackson is on the call, in which case, like, it's kind of great and you don't really need to do anything because he's already got it. Sometimes it will be like he is not on the call, which will probably happen, like, a little, you know, I assume in, like, a few weeks, as Jackson, like, transitions off and you transition on more. And then what I typically do is I post in the, like, you know, probably either that I don't actually know. It's like either the job bill Channel or the bug reporting feature request Channel. I would say put it in the bug reporting channel and just, like, tag jot and tag Jackson. And just, like, explain, like, as much context as you have around. What the, like, issue or the request is. And then if you really want, you can put a link to the, like, grain meeting if you have, if you have one in there in case he wants to, like, go watch the clip.
Emily Kaiser: Okay. Yeah. And then my last one is just a question I've gotten on a call that I wasn't sure of. So Blue Cross Blue Shield, they obviously have a bunch of extensions. Now. I don't know if. Let's see. So does somebody is credentialing with Blue Cross Blue Shield? Does that cover, like, you know how it's $300 per payer? Does that cover the umbrella of their extensions? Or is each extension $300? Does that make sense?
Adam Harrison: What do you mean by extension? Like each state, you mean, like Blue Cross, there's, like, Blue Cross, Tennessee, Blue Cross, Arkansas, Blue Cross.
Adam Harrison: Like the network.
Emily Kaiser: Well, I thought that there was, like, outside of states. I thought there were other extensions in Blue Cross as far as, like, maybe, like, different insurances, different payers. But like I said, this is super.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, it's super complicated. And I would say. It probably depends. You know, you might. Be credentialed with Blue Cross. I think for the most part, if your credentialed with Blue Cross, your credential with Blue Cross. And, like, you know. But it might be different if it's. Like. Medicaid or Medicare or something that might be, like, different. But I think if. Yeah, I think. I think it's probably. I think it's just very, like, plan dependent. Yeah. So I would say. I would say for the most part. It's probably like, it's probably fine, but there's also some weird Edge cases. Like, we'll get into. We'll talk through a few of them. Like when we get through, when we start talking about the, like, customers.
Emily Kaiser: Okay. That's honestly the end of my list. I just want to flag for you. I have to hard stop at five.
Adam Harrison: Okay. Should we just look at tomorrow or sometime to keep going here?
Emily Kaiser: Yes. I wanted to let you know tomorrow the meeting with Beverly, I have a jot start meeting that I have to do, so I won't be able to use that one.
Adam Harrison: Okay, that's totally fine.
Emily Kaiser: But after that, as far as the day goes, I have availability between.
Adam Harrison: It's possible that someone else could do the job start.
Emily Kaiser: Probably they're just being scheduled, like, directly to my calendar, I think, right now. But let me ask Chris.
Adam Harrison: Okay, it looks like he has him call. A meeting for. If it's an important meeting for you in terms of, like, your. I don't know how you're. Like, incentives and stuff are set up. So it's. It's totally fine. We can.
Emily Kaiser: I don't know if anyone else, like, as far as in the SDR role are getting these meetings on their calendar. I'm just not. Okay, so let me just ask him and see. If anyone else is even doing the job start right now.
Adam Harrison: Okay. It's totally fine because I think also Jackson is available. So he can just. He can join this time and then next meeting, like, you. You and Jackson will join together. So I think it's actually totally fine.
Emily Kaiser: Okay. Okay, that sounds good. And then other than that, I don't know if you're available at 10 30 to 11, but it looks like that's kind of my only other Gap.
Adam Harrison: I'm 30 to 11. Okay. I do have a conflict then.
Emily Kaiser: Okay. What about. 1 30 to 2.
Adam Harrison: That should work? Yes. So I'll send an invite for that.
Emily Kaiser: Okay, perfect.
Adam Harrison: All right, so let me think about what we can. Go through in the next. 10 minutes here. Why don't we just start talking about specific customers, and I'll sort of just say, like, where they are in the process. Sounds good. Did you have a chance to look at that, like, customer? Folder? At all?
Emily Kaiser: Not really any more than we did.
Adam Harrison: Let me pull it up. Though. So let's start with Brittany. And then go ahead and. Yeah, go to, like, the handover. Thing, go to Brittany.
Emily Kaiser: I'm trying to navigate to where that was. Is that going to be in, like, my docs?
Adam Harrison: It'll be in, like, the Google Drive, and then there's a folder called Adam Handover. And it'll be in the customers folder. So I'll share my screen with, like, Her profile.
Emily Kaiser: So I see. Let's see. I don't see Adam hand over, but it looks like I'm seeing the. The stuff that's in the folder. Clinic docs.
Adam Harrison: Yep.
Emily Kaiser: Okay, got it. Adam, hand over.
Adam Harrison: Yeah. And then customers, and then it'll have all the customers in there. So I'm going to start with Brittany, and I'm sharing my screen now. So I meet with her weekly on Tuesdays, and Jackson will be joining these to. To start. So the key thing with Brittany. Is she's super low maintenance. Like, you barely have to do anything with her. All you got to do is, like, check a few times a week. See if there's any new claims. That she's created. See if there's any new claims that got paid. If there's a new claim that's get that, you know, has been created kind of, like, go through and get ready to, like, submit that, submit it yourself if you can, or work with Michelle Jackson to do it. We can go through, like, a claim together maybe tomorrow or something. But all you got to do is, like, submit any outstanding claims, then review. Any eras that have come back.
Emily Kaiser: Is what?
Adam Harrison: It's like a receipt. It's like what they've actually paid.
Emily Kaiser: Okay.
Adam Harrison: Yeah. So for her, we have two payers. One is health link. And there's, like, a few different steps here. This is in the, like, onboarding process.
Emily Kaiser: Right.
Adam Harrison: So EDI is like sending a claim. You don't have to do this very often, but for some payers, you do have to do EDI. The second one is era, and that's like getting the receipt back for the claim. Of, like, what was paid or what was not. So that's what we were looking at with Michelle yesterday. EFT is what's actually, like, deposited. This is. Like, this is like bank account setup, basically. So, like, the actual money. And so for health link, we have, like, done the whole setup here so we can submit a claim, we get a receipt back that shows up in job site, and it goes into a bank account that actually we set up for her and the details are also in this folder on, like, what that bank account is. So for any help link patients, it's basically just. Like reviewing claims that she's created, submitting them, monitoring the payments. And then if there's any issues, just work with Rochelle to, like, resolve them, basically. Okay. She also says co-aliance, which is another pair. So we've set up EDI, we've set up ERA. The one that's going to take a little bit of time is the EFT enrollment for her. And so in the same folder. Brittany rolled in, rolled on, rolled in, whatever it is. There's, like, an enrollment form and the bank account details. Those are two PDFs in here. That you'll see in the same folder. We can't do the EFT enrollment until we actually get our first era back. With the, like, has some. Like. You know, reference number that has to go on the form. So basically here, we just have to explain. So Brittany. Brittany doesn't know. You know, where we are with coal Alliance. I think the update for Brittany is when, you know, we talked to her next. I actually won't be on that because Tuesday. But it's basically something like, you know, We have the. Like, era set up, but the payment right now is still going to go. As, like, a check, or it's actually like a card, I think, that gets, like, mailed to her. With the payment. And we just need her to let us know, like, when she has that card or that check is it'll have, like, a two, like, reference numbers on that that we'll need to set up the, like, direct deposit, essentially.
Emily Kaiser: Okay.
Adam Harrison: But in the meantime, we can still, like, submit, you know, claims for both of these. But it's just like the payments won't be going into Mercury until, like, this is finished.
Emily Kaiser: Okay. In Mercury is the account connected to jot psych of how she gets paid from us.
Adam Harrison: Yeah. Mercury is like a bank account, basically, that Nate set up. Okay.
Emily Kaiser: Now, looking at this document how once we get the era back and we then fill out the EFT and submit that, how does this document get updated? Because it seems like you're tracking everything from this document, right? So then it's.
Adam Harrison: Like this was just kind of a one time thing that I set up, just like for Handover to you. I think for you, I would say, like. You should feel free to use whatever system of, like, kind of like cracking. Tasks or, you know, status or whatever.
Emily Kaiser: Like, I just did this. What's that? What do you currently do for this stuff?
Adam Harrison: I would say. Right now. It's more. Like I'll send, like, a pretty detailed follow-up email after I talk to them with, like, okay, these are all the next steps. And then I kind of work off of that. For, like, the next thing that I do. So I try to, like, make sure all my follow-ups are, like, very precise about, like, everything that is, like, the next steps. So that I can kind of, like, just look back at that if needed. If you want to get really Advanced, like, probably what. You know, Nate and Jackson would guide you towards is, like, having a, like, clawed code harness setup that's, like, connected to your email and connected to, like, grain, you know, the, like, note taker. I do have, like, some version of that set up. I think it's going to be confusing if I try to, like, transfer it to you because I think it's just. Like, it's kind of, it's not really, like, perfect right now. But I think things that I do that I would suggest, one is, like, kind of have a folder, like, maybe build on these folders for each customer and, like, kind of save things down there. I would say. Yeah, just keeping, like, you know, you can have a note, like a note, a notepad or a notion page, like one for each customer and just, like, the action items. Yeah, I guess it's kind of like up to you and, like, your own style, I guess.
Adam Harrison: I don't know that I have, like, the perfect system right now.
Emily Kaiser: Okay. I didn't know if this was like, like these sheets were kind of being used, and they update as you go, but.
Adam Harrison: Okay. No, no, it's, it's not. This was purely like I built this to make it more clear, like, where exactly we stood today so that you had, like, a good jumping off point.
Emily Kaiser: Okay, cool. And what is a cloud code harness? What is that?
Adam Harrison: Oh, it's basically like a folder on your computer. And then. If you ask Nate, this, he'll, he'll explain it much better than I, but basically, it's, it's, it's a little bit, like, technical, the setup. So it'll take a little time.
Emily Kaiser: So I would probably start with a more basic. I don't know if I could. I'm going to start with notion.
Adam Harrison: But just, just kind of keep it to-do list or a checklist. And then if you, like, I would say here's like, I guess the very basic tips and tricks that I would say that are helpful. I would say one is, like, definitely use grain. And do you know how to, like, go into grain and, like, get the transcript from a call?
Emily Kaiser: Honestly, no. I was thinking about that today.
Adam Harrison: Okay, so I'll give you a few, like, helpful tips and tricks for just, like, staying organized and on top of things. Without, like, giving you some crazy system to build tomorrow.
Emily Kaiser: Fabulous. Okay.
Adam Harrison: This is kind of like you'll get a lot of the value without going crazy. So this is like the call with Michelle. And you can also look at, like, old meetings. So you could look at, like, Beverly. I've had so many meetings with her, so you could literally. Take all of these. You know, take this, go to the transcript. You can copy the transcript. And then go into, like, chat GPT or Claude. Paste it in there. And then you can just ask, like, what were the action items from this meeting, and then you can just literally take it and, like, put it in your own whatever you're using to track your own stuff.
Emily Kaiser: Okay, perfect.
Adam Harrison: It works pretty well, actually. And it sort of helps if you're, like, losing track of stuff on the call. You know, it helps if you just, like, verbalize sort of on the call at, like, the end of the call, like, okay, so this is what's next. Like Amanda, you're gonna, like, you know, you're gonna, like, review these claims and, like, create any new ones for, like, notes that you haven't done that for yet. Okay, great. What I'm gonna do, I'm gonna, like, check on eligibility for these three patients, or I'm gonna, like, talk with Lee and do another, like, data migration. Or, you know, and then if you sort of do a verbal summary at the end, then it's like you're really sure that the grain, like, picks up everything you need. So I would say that's like, yeah, that's probably going to be super helpful. Just having a grain in your meeting. It's sort of like your safety net.
Emily Kaiser: For sure. Okay, cool. I'll do that.
Adam Harrison: Yeah. All right, so back to Brittany. So. For her. Just getting coal Alliance setup finished, I think that's going to take a few weeks to get there. Another, another thing is, like, right now, she's not billing her patients for anything. She's just, like, submitting to coal Alliance or HealthLink. They pay her something. So it's good to just, like, remind her that she can do it.
Emily Kaiser: Go a little bit deeper on that. What do you mean?
Adam Harrison: Yeah. So, like, when you go to see, like, oh, also, I don't know if you have to run now, by the way.
Emily Kaiser: Oh, yes, I probably should maybe, like, five minutes, if that's okay.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, sure. So what was I going to say?
Emily Kaiser: Yeah.
Adam Harrison: Yeah.
Emily Kaiser: So, like, when you.
Adam Harrison: Yeah. Like when you, like, submit a claim for whatever a doctor's visit. It's like the. The insurance is going to pay some amount and then the patient is going to, like, pay some amount. So depending what your benefits are, it might be like you have a zero dollar copay and then you just don't pay anything. It might be you have a $20 copay, and then that is like just $20. Sometimes it's coinsurance, which means you pay, like, a percent, like 20, whatever the total was. Other times you have a deductible. And first you got to pay your deductible. And then you don't pay anything after that. So it's all just dependent on the plan. Most common is like a copay of, like, $20 or $30 or whatever. So how do you actually figure this out? Two ways. One is you can do an eligibility check, and I still need to show you, like, how to do that and what we use and, like, how to read that. The providers also were, like, coaching them to do. Eligibility checks. And when you get, like, your era back, it'll actually tell you, like, this is what we paid. This is how much the patient owes. So at that point, you know, you can kind of settle up with the patient afterwards. With the, like, balance that they have. So you either are, like, collecting a copay, like when you go for your visit, right? Like, if you go to the doctor, it's like, all right, that's 20 copay for today. Sometimes you do it then. Other times. They wait for, like, the era to come back. And then they bill you, like, depending whatever insurance says. So both, both work. A lot of times people are going to bill at the time of service. And then if there's some weird thing adjustment they have to make later, they'll, they'll do that afterwards.
Emily Kaiser: Okay.
Adam Harrison: That's kind of the best practice.
Emily Kaiser: Yeah, yeah, yeah. So this comes into play with Brittany in what's currently happening in her accounts because we're waiting on the era.
Emily Kaiser: So for Brittany, where does it kind of come into play with her just so I can, like, bring it full circle?
Adam Harrison: Yeah. So looking, if you go into Britney's account, and I would recommend, like, logging into some of those billing accounts just to, like, kind of get oriented. You'll see some of the eras, and it's. Like the insurance paid eighty dollars. The patient is responsible for thirty dollars. And so right now, Brittany, to my knowledge, is not. Like billing the patients at all for that amount. So technically, on the plan that she selected, she's on the eight percent plan. We should actually be. Like, doing the patient billing for her. But that's kind of hard. Like, if we don't. We don't have a credit card on file for each patient. Like, we can send the requests. But. But. Yeah, it's, it's kind of hard to collect if, if there's no credit card on file. So I think, I think basically the next step is, like, something when we talk to her, like, hey, Brittany, we've been getting some eras back. They're getting paid. There is, like, a patient responsibility for some of these. Like, how do you want to, how do you want to handle those? Like, you know, do you want to not, she's probably what's going to happen is for the ones, because she was billing for some, like, from, like, October. So if it's, like, from October, she's probably just going to, like, write it off because it's, like, kind of, you know, it's kind of weird to, like, ask now this all this time later. But for patients that she was seeing, like, a week ago, it might be like, yeah, I should actually probably collect the copay for that.
Emily Kaiser: So would she go into jot psych and do, like, the requesting payment?
Emily Kaiser: Directly to customers? Typically, is that what happens?
Adam Harrison: So she could do that directly. Or technically, right. Because she's on the 8% plan, there's like the four, six and eight percent plan. You know, we are, like, kind of in our contract. We, we are, like, signing up to do that on her behalf, too. So I think a lot of times payment that way. Yeah, we could do that.
Emily Kaiser: Exactly.
Adam Harrison: So we would go into that, like, billing account connected to her account, go to the patient and then, like, request payment. Yeah. So I have not done, I have not done any, like, patient. Billing requests. Yet because we've still been kind of, like, building out. The features for that still. And it's kind of like right now they're not really fully connected to, like. You know, the claims are kind of in one world, and then the patient payments are in, like, another world and they haven't really fully reconciled until recently. So it's probably like a conversation with Jackson, a little bit of, like, Hey, you know, Adam said we aren't really collecting patient payments yet. You know, for a lot of the providers who are on the, like, four percent or six percent plan. You know, we're, we're kind of telling them that, like, they have to do that. But for, like, Brittany on the eight percent, you know, we technically are, like, offering that. And, like, do we want to, like, start having that conversation with them?
Emily Kaiser: Right. Okay. Good to know.
Adam Harrison: Yeah. So that's Brittany. That's pretty much everything you need to know. It's just like getting coal lines set up. Submitting any claims and then trying to move forward the, like, patient billing stuff in the right direction. And, you know, I think there's a world where, like, she just requests it in the session, and there's maybe a world where, like, we are going to request it when she, like, creates a claim or when we get an era back or whatever, and we just should discuss. We can just, like, discuss, like, what. I would probably say, like, have Jackson in that conversation and then just, like, kind of have a chat with her about, like, how she wants to handle patient payments in general, and we can kind of, like, figure out a solution together.
Emily Kaiser: Okay, that sounds good. Is she our only 8% right now?
Adam Harrison: He is, I think there's at least one other one. But. The. Yeah, I'd have to look again. But. But, yeah, we can go through the rest. I know you got to run. We can go through the rest tomorrow. I think we'll probably need a little more than, like, 30 minutes, to be honest. But I also, you know, can talk on Monday, too. But I do want to make sure, like, you have everything you feel, like, comfortable before, you know, I sort of, like, turn into a pumpkin or whatever.
Emily Kaiser: I do have, I have the whole hour if you want to do 130 to 230. Okay. I'm working until my daughter wakes up from her nap, which is. Just who knows.
Adam Harrison: All right, we can play it by your. I'll say 215 because I will have to, like, run probably a little before 2 30, but, yeah, we can. We let's just do that for now. And. Yeah, well, it'll be. It'll all work out. Like, we'll get you up and running, but.
Emily Kaiser: Well, thank you. I appreciate.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, of course. All right, Emily, thanks again. I'll let you get out, but talk to you. Talk to you tomorrow.
Emily Kaiser: Okay. Thank you. Bye.