robin: Hey, Nathan.
Nathan Peereboom: Hey, nice to meet you. I. My name's Nate. I'm the CEO and co founder of JOT Psych and I'd love to just learn a little bit about you. Where are you calling in from?
robin: We are basically based out of India, Nathan.
Nathan Peereboom: Cool.
robin: So we are. We are. We are just a startup billing company. We just started somewhere last year. Sorry, 2024. August 2024. But we started operations on last year. February we started our operations. So we're pretty, pretty new.
robin: Not in with. With the company, but not in the experience field. I've been in the RCM industry for almost 18 years now. Mario is the CEO. Mario has been there for almost 10 years. So we've worked for multiple billing companies, big billing companies. And then finally we decided that we will go independent with our own billing company. We have a set of values which we have compared to how these big players are. So we decided let's move in separately and start our own billing company.
Nathan Peereboom: Awesome. Okay, cool. Do you mind if I ask some questions? Just about like what you guys do, how big you are. Just so like I have a little context now. I'm also happy to start out with giving you some context on who we are.
robin: Okay. Wonderful, Wonderful. So like you said, we started small. We started operations last year, February 2025. So we started with three of us basically doing all the groundwork. Myself, Mario and Bruno. We three are partners. And then now we have a team of almost 15 still scaling up.
Nathan Peereboom: That's awesome. Who do you all serve? Do you serve mostly practices in the US Are you doing mostly behavioral health? What's the. Yeah, I guess the specialty mix and also the geographic distribution?
robin: No, no, we serve across the entire U.S. and again, it's. It's our niche. Core specialty is behavioral health. But then we have been. We like, we have wide experience. Myself, I have worked with the cardiology, oncology, trauma, home health. So I've worked with multiple specialties. Even Mario and Bruno, they have worked with pain management, orthopedic, dental. But again, their core strength for Mario and Bruno is behavioral health. Behavioral and mental health.
Nathan Peereboom: Gotcha. How do you all win customers in. In the US Yes.
robin: So basically I was working for an EHR company called EHI Enabled Health Inc. So I was with them for almost five years. And then I had some good rapport with the medical practices. I was taking care, in fact for the entire, entire New York. So I was in working with them. They. They were kind of like, like me. And when I came moved out of ehi, they. They still reach out to me and they said, robin, can you help me out with our billing? So that's how we got a couple of clients and then word of mouth.
Nathan Peereboom: Gotcha.
robin: Good job. Yeah. So that's how, that's how it happened. Now, right now we have a couple of our friends who we've reached out to, based out of San Francisco and then Farmington Hills there in Michigan. So they are helping us again. They are. They have their own 9 to 5 job and. But then they still try to help us out with some. We, we have like this. Basically there are a lot of again, Indians out there who. Doctors as well, who practice. So they try to help us out to connect with them and get some projects for us.
Nathan Peereboom: Very cool. Where in India are y'? All?
robin: We, we are based out of Chennai, Tamil Nadu. It's out of India.
robin: Yeah, yeah, I've been to Chennai.
Nathan Peereboom: I used to live in. In Gurgaon, just southwest of Delhi. So I, I know, I know that area obviously far away from Chennai, but.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, but I know the area. Very cool.
robin: Okay, great, great, great, awesome.
Nathan Peereboom: So are you guys. I mean, let me tell you a little bit about what we're up to and then you should just kind of tell me if this is an interesting conversation or not. So. So we are, you know, we're a company called JOT Psych. Started out as an AI scribe. We work only in behavioral health. And we have launched a billing product that essentially makes it really easy to audit, submit an auto appeal for a claim. So what the way clinicians use us is they'll record a visit, we do the eligibility check, then we'll screen the note. Because we've got like this AI tool that, you know, essentially reads the payer docs and then creates a list of rules and then checks the notes by the rules. And then, you know, we can submit it, you know, directly through an API, obviously. Um, and so as we're building, you know, we're a tech company, we're growing quickly. One of the things that we're trying to do is purchase a revenue cycle management company. And the. Yeah, the reason we're trying to do that is because we want to just continue to grow quickly. And we need one, the expertise of people who do revenue cycle management. And two, we are looking to grow our customer base. So we're looking to kind of purchase customers and purchase a team. And so I guess just at the outset, I don't know if Mario passed this along too, because I'd reach out to him on. On LinkedIn. Is that something that you guys are open to, or are you kind of like, hey, look, this is our startup. You know, we're kind of in a groove right now. We're not interested in, in any kind of exit for the next few years.
robin: What, what kind of growth are we discussing? Nathan here? Again, I, I know that there are a lot of other companies who have been partnering this way, but again, in a captive, captive model. Again, it's not like outright purchase, but it's like a captive.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, it would be exclusive.
robin: Exclusive building company working for you. But again, where do you see yourself? What's the scope of growth? How big can we grow? That's, that's where, where I, I, I want to try to understand.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. I mean, of course, like our goal is to just be like the largest company in this space. So you know, we, we're VC funded, we've got several million dollars of ARR. But we're, we're small. Like, we're not a large, you know, we're not a large company by any stretch of the imagination.
robin: No, no, yeah, no problem. That we, we too, we too are, are. Like I said, we too started small. Our goal is again to grow big. We are even looking for partners who we can work along together. Basically. You are there in the U.S. right. It might be, it's one of the biggest, what do you call, advantage where even we, if we could work together, that's something really wonderful. I would say that. I'm having a quick thing here. Mario was supposed to join. I know he's late. I'm sorry about that, but.
Nathan Peereboom: That's okay.
robin: I'm wondering maybe he got stuck somewhere. I, I was when, when Mario told me about yourself and then about the purchase, I said, Mario, see, we have our own vision. We have our own again, goal. I know if, if there's, it's something, both of our goal and mission collides. Right? It, it does much, it does sync, I believe. No, we can, we can definitely work together. I'm not sure about purchase, but if you're okay with something like, like a captive model, I, I would say we are up for this. But again, the call goes for Mario.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, yeah, of course.
robin: Yeah. Again, I, my part, my part. Like when you say, right, I, I definitely want to grow. I definitely want to see the company grow big. It, we can do it in phase wise. It doesn't happen overnight. Like, we can go step by step, step by step. Take it one, one phase after the other.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. Okay, perfect. Help me. I just want to understand your like, vision and like how you guys work initially. So, so initially a lot of your customers come through relationships. You guys have relationships from the past. You have, you know, folks who are. It sounds like doing. Almost like. Let's see, someone else is joining.
robin: Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: Can you.
robin: That's Mario.
Nathan Peereboom: Oh, Mario. Hey.
robin: Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: So, Mario. Hey. Hey.
robin: Nice to meet you.
Nathan Peereboom: Nice to meet you. Okay, let me go on mute on video. There we are.
Mario Patterson: Can you hear me? Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: There we go.
Mario Patterson: Yes. Sorry. Sorry Nathan for joining in delayed. So I just caught up in another call and I cannot skip it. Sorry.
Nathan Peereboom: No, no, trust me, I get it. I totally get it. Well, I got the background from Robin. Mario. It's so nice to meet you. My name is Nate. I'm the CEO and co founder of Jot Psych. And it sounds like you guys are kind of a startup in India. You're. You're. You're doing you know a lot of. You're growing quickly at least by headcount and you've got like a pretty exciting strategy. Can you just tell me like we. I just want to get into the nitty gritty of. Of what you guys do. Where do. Where do your services start and where do they end? Like how do you guys work with customers? What are the things that you provide wholesale?
Mario Patterson: Yes. So it is kind of like we are me, Robin and another directors. We where we started our got are all from billing background. So we reach the customers, we understand their pain points. Who are the doctors practice, I mean single providers, all those people and tell them what are the strategy and why they are leaking. There is a revenue leakage. Why we discuss all those things and we start right from first initially we clear the problem, we clear where the problem is like billing. So we will clear the. We start generating the more revenue for the doctor once there is a more revenue then we start improvising the doctor's income by either we propose them to start a new branch or else in expansion or we. We make the more food fall by having an increased revenue. We ask the doctor to invest them into the marketing of their website, Google meta ads, Facebook, all those marketing and we increase their revenue. So it's kind of partnership we do with doctors. We don't do like in another vendor. So because the more the doctor ends the more the amount we end. So it's a simple logic we follow and we start with eligibility, credentialing, billing and then calling the insurance and collecting the payments. We post them on monthly basis. We provide the financial reports to the doctors like KPIs, how many days the AR is collecting and how much they are pending and why there is a delayed and what are the key issues that they are facing and what is the footfall from the last month to the current month. If there is a decrease, why there is a dip where we have to work to all those KPIs we work with the doctors. So that's a simple. I mean it's very depth insight.
Nathan Peereboom: But you guys do everything. So you do. You do patient acquisition. I just want to make sure I understand that. So you do patient acquisition and marketing, right?
Mario Patterson: Yes, we do that for the providers who are willing to, but we don't insist them to do it. We tell them we can do like this.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah.
robin: Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay. That makes sense. Do you guys do eligibility checks?
Mario Patterson: Yes, we do every RCM cycle. Entire RCM cycle. Right. From the patient's eligibility and then authorization. And then coding, billing, AR calling, payment posting and patient collection. We call the patient and collect the payments and then the whole cycle, the 12 cycles we follow.
Nathan Peereboom: Gotcha. What do you guys use as your software? Are you always working in your client's electronic health record or do you have your own suite? Like how do you guys, how do you guys approach software?
Mario Patterson: No, Nathan, we haven't have got our own product but we get the channel partners with some of the providers like Simple Practice and EMED Practice ecw. We become channel partners and even we work with the client DMRs mostly.
Nathan Peereboom: Gotcha.
Mario Patterson: Because we don't. Yeah, sorry. Please go ahead.
Nathan Peereboom: Nate, how do you train your team? Because so much of what you're describing, whether it's the coding or the eligibility check, it's hard. It's actually like really hard work. I mean we've, we've done it and we've done the manual version. How do you guys train your team to be really good at this? Are you hiring only like people who have done billing in the past? Do you have like a curriculum you're like leading people through? Like what is your method there? Because it sounds like you have a pretty large team.
Mario Patterson: Yes, 15 is very less I will say because they have like thousand to 2000 employees. Companies that doing medical billing in India comparatively we are just fraction of that. But still there will be a standard procedure. Whenever we have taken a people inside the pressures, mostly we will take freshers or an experienced people. They have the idea we will start have a 30 days of training period for them. So 30 days is where we indulge them with the knowledge of the medical billing and another five days will be the training on the platform that they are going to work like EMR system to navigate the EM. So then on the 20, I mean 40th day we will start keeping them in the on job training where they will be sitting beside an experienced person and go through this flowchart of how they have been working. So that's a 50th day or 60th day, couple of months, they will start working for them. Because we, we cannot simply bring them and keep it on the before the keyboard and ask them to do something.
Mario Patterson: We have to indulge them with good knowledge. Then only there will be no issues for any client.
Nathan Peereboom: Understood. When you think about your dreams just at a personal level for the business like and Robin and I were touching on this a little bit, what is, what is the thing that would make you interested in selling your company?
Nathan Peereboom: Like what would you need to believe in order to be like, you know. Yep. Like we're actually ready to do this.
Mario Patterson: Yes, Nathan. So we have started this with a dream actually like to provide a better services to the client. Unless. See, we worked with the big players in the market. Big billing companies, Me, myself, Robin and all. So what we've seen is actually they're. They're not even working for the client satisfaction focus. They have been just a profit and loss ledger. The client is an ultimate profit and loss. Ledger for them. But it's in working people. We always find a solution but we are not capable of implement it to the client. So that is where we started this company. And sincerely I didn't. I. We never thought of selling this at this point of time with this, I mean like we are not like completely well settled but we've been growing and we, we are able to obtain like 10 clinics with us and 15 members. We are able to do it in one year, but we still growing. So it's about rather than. I'm not sure how to put this, but yeah.
robin: Yeah. So. So Nathan, like. Like I said like again we, we have a mission, a vision, a goal.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah.
robin: And then, and then right Like I said, if, if both. If you say you want, want to buy a billing company. Again it depends on. It all depends whether your vision and your goal does work out with the billing company you're planning to buy. Now I would say now what Prem Mario is trying to say is that we work for billing companies like Access Healthcare, Ron, rcm, Omega, I work with mackenzien. Uh, and then we, we work with a couple of other big companies. Now for them it's like this, you get a client or a practice, right? It's like you know, you have, you have milk, you milk the cow until you get the mail. After that you just discard them, right. It's basically was like that for them, but for us it's not like for us it's like when we work with a practice or a client, right. We, we want them to grow basically. We help them grow. We provide all our services. Like I said, we do end to end, right. From everything. Even credentialing. We do that and then we work with startup doctors. We help them grow their practice by helping them develop a website, do all the digital marketing and then what you call billing. So it all again depends on what, what your, your goal is. Like I said at this point since we are just a startup, selling is somewhere which we haven't considered. But like I said, if it's something to do you want us to be captive model and then the plan is to together we can definitely do that. We can be just focused on working with you. And then since you are there in the US you can, you can maybe upsell your product and we can help with the billing. End to end. Right? End to end. It's right from, from everything right from credentialing until patient collections, billing and then that then.
Mario Patterson: Thank you. Yes. So to precise nothing. So what is your, I mean like after after work that I mean assume like the R dot has been sold to chart site. So what is the operations that we have to do and what is our roles and response? And what is the plan of chat psych in future?
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, I mean, we. I was mentioning this to Robin. So, you know, we're an AI scribe. We've become an RCM software company. And as part of that, we have set out to purchase RCM service companies as a way to do two things. One, increase the knowledge on our team, be really close to like, the actual problem space that we're continuing to solve with automation and, and to critically to grow our customers. Like, we, we essentially, you know, we believe that we have a competitive advantage in terms of the quality of the note that we write, the accuracy of the audit we do before we write the claim, the accuracy of the claim that once we submit it, and the ability to appeal that if there is a denial in the most fast, you know, rich way possible because of like the, you know, because of the software. So we in our minds were like, well, we should be able to acquire service companies and essentially turn them into tech companies. So, you know, in terms of partnership, we. We really prefer to have only one of two relationships with folks. We either like to purchase them or we like them to be customers. Those are kind of like the only two things that have worked for us. Partnerships we find really, really gray and challenging and complex. And we already have like a billing team on the company, so we don't actually need like, like more like kind of hands on deck in terms of like processing the billing. And in fact, that's like kind of the thing that we're trying to, you know, we're trying to like, use software for. So, so I think here's what I would say. If you guys are not interested in selling, that's totally fine. I think that we should keep the relationship up though, because at some point you probably will. You know, whether it's this year, next year, three years down the line, you will. Um, and what I think I would find helpful, I mean, I'm happy to show you our software if you're interested in it. Um, but I think the thing I would find most helpful is just understanding what you guys would need for an acquisition to be attractive. Again, totally understanding. It's not now, but like, if you imagine, if you put, if you put like the, the dream on even five years from now, and you think like, hey, this is what a company would need to say to me in order for me to hand my company over to them. That's helpful to us because, you know, I can write that down in my notes. I can have a little folder and say, you know, five years from now, hey, I'm going to come back to Prem and Robin and, you know, hopefully have something that's actually really good for them rather than opportunistic for us.
Mario Patterson: No. So, Nathan, if you're obtaining acquiring a company, so all existing clients billing will be taken over by job site and everything will be worked under your billing company or we will be here doing the operations for you. So how is that?
Nathan Peereboom: So in an ideal world, we would essentially be purchasing your customers and we would keep like probably leadership on. For a year or two to help with the transition and help like, you know, make the technology better. You guys would probably be like, in sort of like product manager roles where you'd be like, kind of govern, like shepherding the software as it was doing its work, but. And like, you know, dealing with edge cases and things like that. But ultimately we want you guys to be able to serve more customers. So if you're serving 100 clinicians right now, we want you to serve 4, 500 clinicians in two years, but with the same staff because, you know, software is doing so much of the work. So the, the goal is. Yeah, the goal is essentially just to absorb a company into our current way of working.
Mario Patterson: Okay. So none of our employees are like ourselves, will not be part after one year and we have to step out of the operation. So everything will be in short, psych and wherever your billing companies, that billing company is going to work those clients. Right.
Nathan Peereboom: Nathan, if I'm understanding right, I think we'd have to like, look at it in like, that part is kind of customizable. Like, if it was really important to like, you and Robin, if you guys were like, hey, look, we need the whole team to stay on for like, you know, two years or three years, and we want to own our client relationships. Like, that's workable. But. But the, the thing that is part of the strategy is like, we want all the customers to be on job site. You know, we want everyone to be using this software because again, I mean, here, let me just show you. I'll just like show you guys, like, what goes on in here. So if you go to jot psych and you see our software, like every time you make a note, you. You can basically upload rules. So you can upload any kind of document or rule, and every note gets graded by that rule. So you can click into any kind of specific rule, view the violations, click into the violation, fix the note. And so what this enables is like the note. And the. What you want, right, is the note and the claim to be perfectly incoherent. So if there's an audit, you're protected. You want the claim to be like the highest bill for like whatever that note supports. You want the, you know, the actual era to say that not only is the claim approved, but that it's approved at the same rate or at the same, like, you know, bill cost as the contract. And then you want the credit card statement to show coherence there. Like, all of that is done automatically in job site. So for us we're like. Like, that is so powerful that we want all of our billing clients to be on that. The human beings who manage the relationships and, you know, are part of just, like, again, dealing with some edge cases. We're. We're fairly open in terms of, like, being creative there, but the goal is to serve way more clients with the same number of staff.
Mario Patterson: Okay, so what if, like, so. What do you say? Like how much is charts at Jot psych? If, if your clinic is using jot psych then there is a necessary for them to have an additional EMR or. Not required.
Nathan Peereboom: No, it's not required. It's just an AI scribe. So you use it on the side and we hold, you know, the, the documentation.
Mario Patterson: So everything like the patient information, patient records and all the document documents like scans and appeal letters, everything will be saved in the job site. That is like a platform for them. So they no need to necessarily depend upon any other platform. Right?
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, that's right.
Mario Patterson: Even the clearinghouse is integrated or we have to depend upon other clearinghouses.
Nathan Peereboom: Everything's integrated.
Mario Patterson: So clearinghouse, I mean internally, which clearinghouse we've been using in jot psych? Is it like Office Alive?
Nathan Peereboom: Were you steady? Do you guys know Steady Steady?
Mario Patterson: I didn't come across. We use like major officer, like waster and.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, yeah, yeah, of course.
Mario Patterson: Okay, fine. So every era and all the audits, transactions, billing, coding and everything will be in jot psych and they don't need any other platform. So what is the cost if a provider wants to use the jot psych without billing from job site?
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, it's 150 bucks a month per provider. Yeah, that's right.
Mario Patterson: So unlimited billing. I mean unlimited submission of claims, right?
Nathan Peereboom: No, the claim like if you're going to do billing with us, it's like more. It's probably going to be closer to I think it's 200. But with if you're doing billing with us, we charge like 6% per. Like we. It's a revenue collection.
Mario Patterson: 6% collection and there will be no charge for 150 right? Or.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Mario Patterson: Okay.
Nathan Peereboom: What do you guys charge your clients? Like do you, do you guys do like a 6%, 7% collection or something like that?
Mario Patterson: Same, same. It's a market standard.
Nathan Peereboom: Standard. Yes, Exactly. Okay, cool.
Mario Patterson: 6 to 7%. And based on the complexity, I mean less complexity, we go for like as a startup, we, we have to step down some market value and we go by somewhere 4%, 5% for some clients to acquire them. So we've been like selling other upselling other EMR practices like email practice and this ECW simple practice for behavioral health clients. And also we've been become channel partners for them and we got some referrals from there to do the billing. So is it okay if we suggest jot psych for our few doctors that are coming for new and mutually. We have an understanding and you guys will not pitch for them billing. And we do the billing for them through jot Psych.
Nathan Peereboom: That's interesting. Let me, let me take that back to my co founder. I think we'd have to like maybe pilot it, you know with a few folks. But that's something that we would be open to perfect.
Mario Patterson: Because it's a huge market actually the medical billing is. It's growing rapidly. From last year it was around like 24 billion and now it has been like almost reaching 60 billion within just couple of years. And there is huge doctors that comes coming in in us and also a lot of changes in market and the market is getting open. So restricting ourselves and closing market to the single wire. I don't feel that is correct. I feel like working together like you refer some clients to us like you maybe like overwhelmed business. Like we will be your channel partners who do the billing for you. Using the jot side you might be charging 6% and you can outsource that billing to us. So we do the billing for them. So it is kind of like a dual partnership that we can do. We will upsell the job site to the providers that we are coming through whoever been starting the practice and also we will ask them to enroll for jobs like use them as a platform and you can end for using the software and we end for billing them.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, let me. Well listen I have to go for a 9:30 call right now but I, I hear you. Let me take this back and can I just Follow up on LinkedIn or on email and, and we can you know, see if this works.
Mario Patterson: Perfect Nathan. No issues. And because like billing always you require more people to hire and always it is like managing the manpower and all. Instead you can have one Spock from Arc. Where it will manage all the job site client clinics for you. So what are the clients that you send us for billing or you send us for any other things. So you'll have one spot from arc.where they will be representing all the clients for you and giving all the information required. So we will consider this and we'll follow up with in LinkedIn. We are in ultimately if required we'll just jump on another call on Friday or something again. So if you're okay and discuss.
Nathan Peereboom: All right, perfect. Yeah. Well let me, let me think about it and I, I will get back to you guys. Hey, thank you so much for this this time and please be in touch if you guys anything else and have a great weekend because I know we'll touch back again.
Nathan Peereboom: All right, perfect. Take care. Thank you.
Mario Patterson: Bye.
robin: Thanks Nathan. Have a great day. Bye. Bye.
Nathan Peereboom: You too. Bye.