Valerie Farris, Psych NP: Valerie, nice to meet you. Hi. Good morning.
Christopher Hume: Morning. Good morning.
Valerie Farris, Psych NP: Nice to meet you.
Christopher Hume: How's your. Your Friday started?
Valerie Farris, Psych NP: Oh, man, it's good. I got two little kids, so as long as drop off goes successful and I get to work on time, I'm having a good.
Christopher Hume: A great day. Glad to hear it.
Valerie Farris, Psych NP: Yeah. How about you?
Christopher Hume: Good. It's a little. I'm based in DC. It's a little rainy today, but it's. It's a good one. It's Friday, so I'm happy.
Valerie Farris, Psych NP: Yeah, it's raining here, too. It's like a little morbid, but, you know.
Christopher Hume: It's just not too cold. I don't know.
Valerie Farris, Psych NP: Maybe it is.
Valerie Farris, Psych NP: Are you in Ohio? Yeah, we need these days to get the flowers, so I'm here for.
Christopher Hume: Yeah, that's right.
Valerie Farris, Psych NP: It is cold.
Christopher Hume: Hey, Brandon. Hey. Nate.
Nathan Peereboom: Hey, all I'm. I'm gonna be commuting, so I'm gonna be on. On audio, but not on video.
Christopher Hume: Perfect. Thanks, Nate. And Brandon, great to. Great to meet you. Oh, I'm sorry. Brandon doesn't. I saw your mouth moving, but I don't know if we could hear you.
bfarler: Better. Better. Awesome.
Valerie Farris, Psych NP: Thank you.
bfarler: Nice to meet you.
Valerie Farris, Psych NP: Morning.
Christopher Hume: Good morning.
Valerie Farris, Psych NP: Nice to meet you.
Christopher Hume: So I'll be kicking us off on our pilot today. And Nate, I don't know. Just to put you on the spot here, if you want to do a quick intro and kick off, kind of looking at some of our notes, I think we're ready to roll. But just want to make sure to give you an opportunity before we jump into kind of the. The jot psych walkthrough. Okay, well, I know Natives in transit, so we'll. We'll just kick off. We'll just kick off then. So Brandon, Valerie, could you just tell me. So I know Nate sort of. Walk all of our features. Could you. Have you kind of walk through the full overview of what is entailed in the pilot and kind of gotten up and running with your accounts yet?
bfarler: So, no, we have not. I first learned about job site just one meeting ago or so with Brittany Wagner from Tidemark and. She is awesome. But that's how we kind of got acquainted. We chatted with her through Bill. And. Yeah. And now we're here just to continue to learn more about it. It was basically a brief overview of it, and I thought, like, an awesome tool. And Nate had offered to set up another meeting to talk more about it, and I thought that Valerie would like to see it as well, just because she would be the user of it primarily. So Valerie hasn't heard anything about it other than what I've told her, and I've had the one meeting before.
Christopher Hume: Perfect. Thanks, Brian. Appreciate you getting me up to speed. So. So what we'll do is we'll do kind of the general overview of JotSec in our pilot program. Then I'll do the little as typical a demo, and I'll walk you through kind of some of the features. One jot. I know kind of my notes here, see, like that audit and billing. Compliance is particularly important. And then we'll walk through how ketamine and spravato clinics use us. And then I think, Nate, if you want to chat about credentialing, I know you're kind of, I saw your note, you're in and out elevators, but I'll make sure to save a little time at the end so we can talk about job cred as well.
Nathan Peereboom: Awesome. Before we just, like, jump into things for the, for the demo and all of that. Brandon, I know that you are in the process of just, like, building your practice in Ohio. Right. And maybe you could give Chris just a little bit of background on, like, where you are in that process. And then Valerie would love a little introduction to you and, like, how you see the world and what kind of patients you're excited to see and, and all that, all that. And, you know, just some more context as, as, as we kind of tailor the, you know, the conversation.
bfarler: Yeah, absolutely. So we just started literally, like, two weeks ago. We finally got credentialing done and completed through, through Tidemark. And yes, so that's, that's good. But we're just now kind of waiting on clients. I have started up a ton of advertising. I've got two or three different ads going on, multiple different platforms. I've been answering a few inquiries that come in from our website and just waiting on some appointments to start happening.
Christopher Hume: Oh, my gosh. This must be such a exciting time.
bfarler: I'm sure very busy, too. It is.
Christopher Hume: It's, it's good. Yeah.
bfarler: Just. Yeah. Now's the time. It's going to just be a slow build. So we're hoping to see his clients.
Christopher Hume: Yeah, of course. And are you, Brendan, it's supposed bravado. Are you doing spravato and ketamine? Yeah. Okay. Understood.
Nathan Peereboom: Brandon, do you guys have, like, it sounds like you're doing advertising. Do you guys have, like, like a fully built website and, like, do you have your whole digital presence, like, fully, fully built?
bfarler: Yeah, pretty much. We've got a website up and going. It's optimized for mobile and desktop. We've got Facebook, Instagram, LinkedIn. And then when I post, it typically will post across all of them. And since it's meta, when I advertise it after crisis across all of them, I've got some Google ads going, business Google business profile up and running that took forever. If you've ever sent one of those up.
Christopher Hume: But, yeah. We have fought many battles with Google and Google ads branded. It is like playing whacK-A-Mole you finally sorted out. And then, yeah, they flagged your ad for something else and the account. So we're very, very familiar with that.
Nathan Peereboom: Oh, yeah.
Christopher Hume: Yeah. Must be, again, just a fun and busy time. And I guess Valerie would love to hear sort of, kind of, I know Brandon was saying you're going to be doing a lot, probably the one using the. Gut psych the most. Love to just kind of hear maybe we're before you know exactly what a day in the life is going to look like. But what do you expect today in the life? To look like when things are up and running?
Valerie Farris, Psych NP: Yeah, when things have been running, we're in person and we're remote in terms of, like, the outpatient med management. And just like psychotherapy aspect of it. So there's going to be patients kind of flowing in that dynamic, but then with also the ketamine IV and Spravato is also going to be an influx of really kind of. Like patients coming in for treatment as well. So there's going to be this overlap of. Like, managing patients. I think I would expect, like, monthly along with these weekly and sometimes, like, bi-weekly tri-weekly treatments. So it's going to be exciting because I think it's once it gets moving, I think it's not going to really stop, especially due to the dynamic of having both ketamine and outpatient. So I'm expecting to be. Kind of float, honestly flowing. Like Brandon says, we're going to slow build and then just seeing I'm here three days a week as of right now, daytime hours. So those days are going to be. I'm trying to get it to my schedules packed, like, when I'm here. Yeah. Yeah. And before I could expand it out. But I'm excited, I think, for the ketamine mostly just because of. Depression and anxiety seems to really be the majority of patients in this area, especially the adults. And a lot of the medications, they're either on them forever and they love it. Like they found the one. Or they, they try a couple and it's just nothing seems to go where they're hoping it to go and kind of mean seems to be through the research and through what we've seen other practices doing. Like a really good answer to. What a lot of people with depression and depression mostly are dealing with in terms of, like, treatment resistance, depression.
Christopher Hume: So.
Christopher Hume: That it's super, super exciting. And I know, I don't think we get to visit some of our clinics. I never, I don't think I've ever been at a ketamine clinic, but I've been in a spravato clinic. I just know the, the room where they did all this product treatments in was so, so nice and cozy. They had, you know, the blankets and the lollipops. I'm like, oh, my God, this is. Yeah, it's, it's a really incredible service that you provide to your, your patients.
Valerie Farris, Psych NP: Brandon's working on the vibe, too. He's getting it going. Okay. It's like we've got a fish tank, we've got. Yeah, it's kind of like what you just described, Christopher, of, like, yeah, it's going to be also a Vibe specifically because of the ketamine treatments of relaxation. Yeah.
Christopher Hume: Gosh, Brandon, you've got a lot on your plate, builded the business, building the five, the digital ads, the Google, the meta. Yeah, I commend you. Well, I guess then my next question, Valerie, maybe mostly for you, but Brandon, I love if, if you kind of have any experience here as well, have you ever used an AI scribe before? What sort of, I know kind of the core functionality and compliance is what piqued your interest. In particular you'd like me to go over today.
Valerie Farris, Psych NP: I've used freed before, particularly for, like, notes. So not as much for, like, the coding aspect of it, just for charting. Big time saver. I mean, I love it. But you still have to go through it. You can't just be like, I'm sure it's fine. You know, AI can only do so much. So I'm kind of excited. My understanding with jaw is it can anticipate the coding that we need.
Valerie Farris, Psych NP: Exactly with the insurance that we have.
Christopher Hume: Okay, that is correct. Pre, pre pre.
Valerie Farris, Psych NP: Yeah, pre-reading you have to be just a code. You're getting really chaotic. So I could see that just being so helpful. You do all this work charting. And if you put the wrong code in, it's. Like you can waste a lot of time sometimes.
Christopher Hume: And Brandon, do you have any experience with kind of AI scribes? Is there anything else in particular you'd like to go over?
bfarler: Yeah. So my W2 job is anesthesia and the hospital that we work at. They just adopted an AI through drag and speak. I'm sure you're familiar with Dragon speak the dictation software. It's been around for years, and they just. Yeah, they just evolved an AI platform and active listening. And our surgeons were raving about it, saying they just turn it on their phone when they walk in. And she says that she basically uses it for her histories and intakes on initial interviews because they're longer and more complex because kind of how when you ask Jim and I or you ask chat GPT a simple question, it's going to go through, give you the answer, a commentary, and then ask a follow up question. She says that that becomes burdensome on her short notes afterwards. So she continues to write her short notes, her follow ups. But for her initial intakes, that's what they've really, really liked.
Christopher Hume: Okay. Yeah.
bfarler: I don't use it only because I have a template. I click a specific quick text. The whole thing drops. I click F2 and drop down the page and I have my note done in less than 60 seconds. But that's not the case for most people.
Christopher Hume: Just because it shouldn't exist.
Valerie Farris, Psych NP: Yeah. Mental health, too, like with new patients, that's when it's the most helpful. Once they're established, you know, you can kind of plug and chug, but with new patients when you get a history and if they're, they're not in a great mental head space to give you a linear line of their history, that's when, like, the AI note can kind of really help just map everything out that they said. Because I was just trying to piece it together sometimes from memory could be a really big challenge more than I anticipated. Going into those.
Christopher Hume: Yeah, no, we, I mean, Nate is our founder. And the whole reason, you know, he did kind of interviews with all different types of healthcare providers. And it, the reason we're, we solely focus my kind of behavioral health is what a challenge it is and what a burden it is on all of you to do these notes. This is all super helpful and make sure that I know Valerie and Brandon, you have some experience now with AI scribe. So I'll make sure to kind of move quickly through the recording part. I won't get too pedantic, but we'll make sure to talk about compliance and ketamine specific notes. I think, Nate, before I sort of jump into the quick overview of Jot psych and the pilot, do you want to, do you have anything to add? Again, I know you're in transit today, so no worries if not.
Nathan Peereboom: No, nothing on my side. I think that that was a really nice overview, Chris.
Christopher Hume: Thanks, Nate. All right, so Valerie and Brandon, what we're going to do is we're going to walk through the, our presentation here. There you go. This is meant sometimes you have clinics that are big. We have a lot of people. We're trying to get everyone on board at one time. This is a little bit more of an intimate setting. And we joke, Nate and I, that, you know, we're nerds. We can talk about Jack all day. But the real goal here is for you both to understand it. So if you have any questions about going through the presentation, please stop me. Put your hand up. Just cut me off and I can dive in greater detail and then we'll tailor the demo on exactly what you two want to see. So with that. Can you through job cycle? Wonderful. So goal today, we're just going to set up, walk you through how to set up your accounts. We're going to do a demo and then we're going to answer questions. So some pretty, hopefully simple goals. They're going to have some pretty, pretty nice outcomes. So kind of been beating around the bush here on exactly what jot psych is. But just to put a finer point on it. So we're kind of, we consider ourselves almost an operating system. For clinics. That we help with note taking. We also help with billing. We do credentialing. And as they sort of alluded to, we're also starting to help clinics with setting up their websites as well to kind of just take, Brendan, I'm sure you're aware of it. Just all of this administrative work. And so allow you guys to focus on kind of your patience and the care that you're providing them. We're going to walk through this together in a few minutes. Got very easy to use. It takes only a few seconds to get signed up. I, I always laugh. It takes less than three minutes to sign up typically. Sometimes when I make a big show of telling the whole group that it takes less than three minutes, it ends up taking more than five minutes. But if it takes less than three minutes, you can all make fun of me at the end of this meeting. It should be pretty, pretty straightforward. And something I like to emphasize Valerie and Brandon is you're familiar with dragon dictation. And read. One of the things that sets Jot Sack apart is that we only work with behavioral health providers. And so a lot of these other tools are used for surgeons. They're used for cardiologists. They're used for, yeah, every specialty. So the notes are going to be a little bit more generic, a little bit more medical focused. That's not something that you're going to see with a job sec note. And then I think, Valerie, this is to your point. Talking about how we can craft your notes and your rules to meet the coding requirements of your payers. We know that some providers, especially providers in the Spravato and ketamine space, might have some pretty nuanced requirements and nuanced note. Codes. That we can craft your experience to meet those specifically. And again, that's something that kind of sets us apart from more generic medical stride. I always like to come up for air every few slides just to make sure I haven't completely lost the crowd. Brandon or Valerie, do you have any questions so far?
Valerie Farris, Psych NP: The only question I had was, was. On the last slide, it showed upload documents. Is that what it showed as well?
Christopher Hume: Right now? What you can do is you could copy and paste documents into this additional notes tab. If you have, I don't know a report or you'd like to type, okay, patient appeared disheveled.
Christopher Hume: That will be integrated into the note. It's funny, Valerie, I actually had a conversation with a customer yesterday who was asking for chart upload. That's something we offer yet, but certainly something I will pound the table with, with the engineering team.
bfarler: Understood. This is, this is a very nuanced question, and it's okay if there's not a specific answer you need to check on it. The last slide where it's under private documents. I'm super excited to use this specifically for the payer contracts because it's just ridiculous how often detailed they are and changed how they can deny things I've had nightmare conversations with Brittany about other people she's taking care of the billing worm. And I know from my other jobs that oftentimes large contracts have confidentiality clauses in them. Are you guys have any concerns of uploading contracts? Reading it through the AI. And then, I don't know, I was just curious if that had come up at all.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, I can answer that, Brandon. So yeah, there are some pairs that have this clause about, you know, not, not sharing these documents. The thing we always remind people is there's no contract in the world that your lawyer couldn't read, you know? And I don't think it would be smart to post your contracts online or put them on Twitter or something. But, you know, with an organization that you have a business associates agreement with where you're sharing patient data where they are part of your team, you know, you have to share things like fee schedules and the fine print and the substance of those documents anyways. Through the litigation history, and in our understanding, there's not a single example of an insurance company kind of going after. A, a clinic for sharing a payer document with someone that is, you know, doing their billing. There's no way to have a billing company work for you without them having the pair document. So in, in all circumstances, like, I mean, we don't think that this is a risk. But, but, but we are aware of that kind of like verbiage on some of these contracts.
bfarler: No, and that makes good sense. That, that, that's very reasonable. And I, I trusted, I just wanted to be certain because I actually have had employers in the past get kind of finicky about that more among individuals. I wouldn't say they threatened it with it, but they specifically go through different rigmar roars when they hire you about that kind of a thing. And I was just, it's just, that's. But what that I'm totally satisfied with that in anti, that answer, Nate, thank you.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, you bet. It's a great question. And we, we thought about it. We had our legal team look at it as well.
Christopher Hume: Thanks, Dave. Very, that wasn't nuanced question, so I'm glad we had the, our expert on, on the line here. Some other things you can do with jot cycle, and we'll walk through these together is there's a job stack over, excuse me, a patient overview page, which will track encounters with your patients forums you sent your patients, for example, pH United gad7, their medications, their diagnoses. We can customize your templates. So if you really like the jot site template, but it's missing your perfect section, we can work together to develop that. And then, as I already alluded to, you can send forms outside of your clinic as well. So we have a pretty large library of pre-built forms. As I said, phq9 gad7 substance use forms. You can also develop anything custom yourself. So if you want to take form or release of information form, that's something we can develop. So, Brandon, kind of in line with your question about confidentiality. Always like to share this, this slide with everyone, make sure everyone knows we're, of course, fully HIPAA compliant. And we can also share our consent documentation with you. We have a boilerplate form that so our customers share with their patients to kind of let them know that they're using an AI scribe happy to get in the details here or kind of get answers from the engineering team. If you have any technical difficult questions, but do you like to off the bat, just make sure we kind of lodge any of those fears about HIPAA compliance and consent.
Valerie Farris, Psych NP: Going to ask the patient or tell the patient, like at the start, that they're being recorded and scrubbed out.
Christopher Hume: Nope. So we, we leave that to the provider. And we have guidance on how the provider can do that. But jot site itself will not, you won't hear a automated recording at the beginning of the, the session or anything like that.
bfarler: As a, as an interesting note. I do have a. Document created for this purpose that says audio and video recording is already occurring because we use cameras in our clinic to monitor the areas. So they do sign that when, when they do their intake paper form paperwork. And, and Ohio is also one party state. I'm not saying that we would just like not tell clients. But even if we didn't in Ohio, it's, it's typically is perfectly legal as long as one party has knowledge of the recording.
Christopher Hume: Wonderful. It's so interesting too, just like kind of go off track here. Yeah. It's almost never been a concern. Like there clinics have been like, hey, we're nervous that the patients aren't going to like this, et cetera. I can count on. I think one finger, the amount of clinics that we actually saw that flare up and some patients had concerns. So it's interesting how we're entering this whole new world.
Valerie Farris, Psych NP: Definitely with mental health, I just could see it becoming. For the paranoid patients. A bit of thing. Yes.
Christopher Hume: That is a very good point. Sometimes with patients who are struggling with paranoia, that is certainly an exception where it probably a delicate conversation is required. Now we get to the fun part. Brandon Valerie, I appreciate you bearing with me as we walked through that deck together. Before we jump into setting up your accounts, hopefully in less than three minutes, do you have any, any other questions for me or anything that kind of anything that came up during that little presentation?
bfarler: I'm good for now.
Valerie Farris, Psych NP: No, I'm good.
Christopher Hume: Okay. Well, then how we'd like to do this? And I know you're both in front of your computer right now is we'd love to get you set up with just like accounts. But you sign up and then you can kind of walk through the platform with me. Like, I guess one question I have for you, Brandon and Valerie, is when do you expect to be able to use jot psych in a, in a clinical setting? Is do you expect to have those patients kind of next week? Or I just want to make sure we're timing this appropriately for you as well.
bfarler: I can say that since I started advertising again, our website traffic has. Really just started going way up. Like we've had, we're getting on average about 45 visitors a day now, which is not a lot, but it's a lot more than where it was. And I've been, I've been starting to get inquiries through our website section. So I know it's getting out there. I know as it spreads, I actually have one to respond to after this. But I hope within just the next couple weeks to be able to start seeing clients. And as Valerie mentioned earlier, it'll be a slow build. We're not going to have, you know, a full schedule in the next month, but just trying to continually bring people in.
Christopher Hume: Perfect. Well, we can talk about that timeline and all that good stuff once we do the demo and get you signed up. But we'll make sure. Don't tell my boss, but I'll make sure that you can maintain access. And even if we had to extend you out an extra week or two to make sure that you could test it with the appropriate patient load.
bfarler: Thank you.
Christopher Hume: So just if you go to jot psych.com and then press start your trial in the top right hand corner. Have you come to the screen yet where it's asking you for a username and password? Okay. So the three minute clock starts. Let's see. If I can be held accountable. Well, hey, Bill. Happy Friday. You're on mute.
Valerie Farris, Psych NP: Though.
Christopher Hume: Good to see you.
Bill Eberhart: Happy Friday.
bfarler: Bill, what's going on? Good to see you, man.
Bill Eberhart: Hey, Brandon. Sorry, I missed the other meetings in the first half here.
Christopher Hume: Oh, no worries. We just did the kind of intro and walk through a quick presentation. We're getting Valerie and Brandon signed up for their trial accounts now. And then we'll do kind of a. Walkthrough demo together.
Bill Eberhart: Excellent. Yeah. Yeah. Brandon, I'll talk to you later after. Some credentialing updates.
Valerie Farris, Psych NP: Okay. I think I'm in. It says welcome.
Christopher Hume: I think that was one minute, one or two minutes. We did it. Wonderful, Valerie. Can you see, is it asking you to record your first note?
Valerie Farris, Psych NP: Yep. Yes.
Christopher Hume: Okay, perfect.
Valerie Farris, Psych NP: We made it.
Christopher Hume: Brandon, how are things on your end? Good.
bfarler: Sorry. I think you're in. Yeah, I'm in.
Christopher Hume: Perfect. Okay, then what we'll do now is we'll walk through together. And I think what I would love to do is. We can even record an example note together just so we can make sure the microphone set up, all that good, good stuff is working. And I'll also show you. How I record. So let me. Share my screen again. This is the Jetsec home page. Can you both see this, Brennan, Valerie?
Valerie Farris, Psych NP: Yes.
Christopher Hume: Okay. So to record an encounter, you can press. This recording counter button. Or you would press record up here. This record button. Is always going to be available no matter what screen you are. So you can simply get to. The recording screen. Oh, looks like I. Already recorded a little bit this morning. From the recording screen. You can select your appointment type. And you select your template type. It will do. Psychiatric progress note. And then you record by pressing this record button. Do you, Valerie and Brandon, are you able to follow along? Does that make sense?
bfarler: Mine's like loading stuff. Yeah, mine's not loading correctly.
Christopher Hume: Okay, well, give it a second. Maybe just the first time. And then I guess while we're doing this, what browsers are you using?
bfarler: Chrome.
Christopher Hume: Okay, that's good. Okay, that you typically no issues there either. But you're saying the recording screen is taking a second to load still.
bfarler: That's just been in.
Christopher Hume: Okay. Same for you, Valerie.
Valerie Farris, Psych NP: Yes.
Christopher Hume: That's why we test it with me on the line. We'll give it another maybe 15 seconds. And if not, I might ask one of you to share your screen. We can get this resolved together. We.
Bill Eberhart: Usually will do like, we'll hit F5 on the keyboard and we can refresh the whole page. And I think sometimes that will help trigger.
Christopher Hume: Yeah.
Bill Eberhart: But I don't know. It's either that you got. It's your product, Chris, where you.
Christopher Hume: No, I mean, that was going to be my first recommendation.
Bill Eberhart: It's funny. Like that sometimes web pages and servers and connections in the signal, they just. It's in. But it's only the very first time, you know, I've noticed, but. And I've been using the product for a long time. So it's. It's super reliable, super convenient, and it's going to save. A boatload of time.
Christopher Hume: Yeah. So let's try. If you could just.
bfarler: I think I know what the problem is. Okay. So all of the other tabs and web pages like schedule client learning videos, all of these load, I think because I'm actively using the microphone that it would use to record. Maybe it's getting bugged right there.
Christopher Hume: Could you share your screen, Brandon?
bfarler: Because.
Christopher Hume: Yeah, because we work for telehealth, so you should be able to be in. An I'll stop sharing mine for a moment.
bfarler: See here.
Bill Eberhart: So. So, yeah, Brandon, I I've been on meetings. When they're doing the onboarding, and they actually have, like, two or three different recording devices going on at the same time.
Christopher Hume: Yeah, we've got a lot cooking.
bfarler: Yeah. Let me maximize this. Okay, so here's the scheduler. And then when I go down to record, it just spent.
Christopher Hume: Okay, well, it didn't do that before.
Christopher Hume: I don't know what I did.
Christopher Hume: I hit the same button before. It's the first time. Yeah. So then we'll just get access.
Valerie Farris, Psych NP: Okay. I'm. I think I'm in now, too.
Christopher Hume: Perfect. Bill, you were right. You're right, Bill. Nailed it. Okay, then, you know, what actually might be. Sorry to put you on the spot, Brandon, but I can have. I can have you kind of record and we can just make sure your microphone is working correctly and do a little example. If. If you'd be all right with it, I'll pretend to be your patient and we'll do a one or two minute session.
bfarler: Yeah, that sounds great.
Christopher Hume: Did you select where it says templates? Actually, it's down beneath counseling intake.
Valerie Farris, Psych NP: And.
Christopher Hume: Oh, let's do. Now we'll do soap for now.
Christopher Hume: There we go. Then could you press that start recording button?
bfarler: Yep.
Christopher Hume: Brandon, thanks for. Thanks for seeing me today. I really appreciate it.
bfarler: Yeah, I'm happy to meet you, Chris. How's your day been?
Christopher Hume: It's been okay. My anxiety has been. We stopped recording. So this is a great thing to. Yeah. Learning experience. You're using a headset. So you need to press. Do you see that micro the little headset button?
bfarler: Oh, yeah.
Christopher Hume: Actually, to the right of that. There's a little. Yep. You just click that. There we go. So it wasn't capturing my audio. It was only capturing yours.
Christopher Hume: So let's add another dictation.
bfarler: Sure.
Christopher Hume: And then choose the Google meet tab, please. Hey, Brandon, how are you doing today?
bfarler: Really appreciate you seeing me. Yeah, absolutely, Chris. How's your day been?
Christopher Hume: It's been okay the past week or two. I don't know. I felt a little more anxious than typical.
bfarler: Yeah. When did. When did that kind of start over the last week or two? Any specific events that kind of got you revved up?
Christopher Hume: Or. Yeah, it was like probably two weeks. After I moved to Norfolk. I moved to Norfolk, Virginia, like, a month ago. And just since then, I don't know. I was okay for a few. A few, like a week or two and then just.
bfarler: I don't know.
Christopher Hume: I feel like I'm really anxious.
bfarler: I'm sorry to hear that, man. Does. Is this. Is it the same kind of manifestations you had before, or is it anything different?
Christopher Hume: Yeah. I mean, it's symptoms I'm familiar with, but I had a little bit of a break from. So now I'm having trouble falling asleep. My appetite's been a little off, which is pretty unusual for me. I'd say I'm only getting, like, six hours sleep. Typically, I get nine. Just. Just peel it off.
bfarler: I'm sorry to hear that. Have you. Have you been having any success with the medicines we've tried?
Christopher Hume: You know, I know you. We kind of. I had that Xanax prescription for as. As required. That has been helping a little bit. But to be honest, I didn't feel like that's been a little less. A little less effective over the past two weeks than it was previously.
bfarler: Yeah. Okay. Well, we can look at adjusting that at the end of our session, just depending on how the rest of it goes. As the. Do you have any family in Norfolk to help you or you by yourself?
Christopher Hume: So I actually moved here for my fiance's job, but I think one of the things that's so challenging is, you know, I lost my social network, I lost my family. I kind of feel isolated.
bfarler: Yeah, I understand that.
Christopher Hume: Yeah. And Brandon, I as patient Chris need to run. We do a check-in appointment next Wednesday at noon.
bfarler: Yeah, that'd be great. We'll talk about this again and you can reach out to me if you need anything before then. I'll put you on the schedule.
Christopher Hume: Thanks. So if you press end recording. So that was example encounter. Then you can add any additional notes in that notepad you see on the left hand side.
bfarler: Yeah.
Christopher Hume: And as we accidentally demonstrated, you could actually record more than one audio file. So if you, let's say Valerie, you have a session with a patient, you know, you're kind of. You have your normal encounter. And then afterward, you want to add your clinical estimate. You can actually record that just in plain English as a second, as a second. Dictation, and it will all be included in the note.
Valerie Farris, Psych NP: Like verbal notes.
Christopher Hume: Is that exactly?
Valerie Farris, Psych NP: Exactly.
Christopher Hume: But that has to be before you press that generate note button. Brendan, could you push that generate note button for me now? I know we chose a soap node, so it might not have. And all of the medication management and compliance stuff. We've discussed. But get the idea across. Typically, this takes 20 to 40 seconds. Laugh. I say that. I'm sure that'll take a little bit longer. But it's typically within 20 to 40 seconds. If there's a delay, it's often because of. Inactivity.
Valerie Farris, Psych NP: I'm noticing, too, what's awesome is, like, when you're choosing the appointment type. Like, I've been playing around with it, you can. Update all that information about the appointment, the links, like, yep, exactly. Add codes there, too.
Christopher Hume: Yep.
Valerie Farris, Psych NP: I love that.
Christopher Hume: Okay, so I think that was right in the 20 to 42nd window. So on the right hand side is your AI notice system. The brand in this and Valerie, this is going to be how you edit your note. You can just explain and plain English a change that you would want. Made. So you can say something like, make this objective a narrative paragraph, and it will just automatically rewrite it for you.
Valerie Farris, Psych NP: Okay. Cool.
Christopher Hume: And then if you. It'll ask you if you want to train Jot psych. If you accept that training, it'll remember that change every time you use a soap template moving forward.
bfarler: Very cool.
Christopher Hume: And then, Brandon, let's look at the audit feature. Where it says edit to the right hand side of your screen. There's like a. Yep. So now we're going to do our audit. Sometimes the first might take a minute. But it's going to do an audit assessment of your note, recommend a code. There you go.
bfarler: Very cool.
Christopher Hume: And so this is totally customizable to your. Tracks. But we have some pretty standard. Rules, public rules built in there.
Valerie Farris, Psych NP: Those that only generate one code.
Christopher Hume: It will generate add-on codes if that's like a rule that we'd like built.
Valerie Farris, Psych NP: Yeah. Okay.
Christopher Hume: And Valerie, I I'm sorry.
Valerie Farris, Psych NP: Go ahead.
Christopher Hume: I was going to say, I'm sure you haven't been subjected to the screen share like Brandon here.
Christopher Hume: So I wonder if you're, do you have any questions or have you been able, has it been working on your end as you've been testing it?
Valerie Farris, Psych NP: Oh, yeah. I've been playing around with it, too. I just haven't done the recording part, but I did have a question just because I told you I use freed before and something I did run into with that was. I would say. And I know it's a completely different thing, so I'm not. But a fourth of the time I would get hit with, there was an issue and it was unable to generate anything from the recording.
Valerie Farris, Psych NP: And it was always random, and I just didn't know. Are you guys having issues with that? And if so, like.
Christopher Hume: How bigly unusual. I think. Yeah. Like, obviously anytime you're working with millions of notes, there's going to be some that there's some weird technical thing or the internet cuts out. But that, that's highly unusual. And the other thing, Valerie, is. I run our customer support team. So if you're ever having any issues like that or you're like, Chris told me this wasn't going to happen, and it did. Like, I will jump on a line with you and we'll troubleshoot to get it resolved. But it's not common at all. Any questions, Brandon, I see you're kind of checking out all the.
bfarler: Yeah. Different stuff. No, it's really neat.
Christopher Hume: So I think the last.
Bill Eberhart: That I want to stress the, so the note, making the note from the, the recording is time saver. But there's the other part of that puzzle, too, is the auditing of the note. So that you may be able to see stuff in there that. You didn't ask or didn't have time to ask and say, we need to still go over a few other things. I don't know. But. Yeah. Sorry. The diagnosis in the CPT code.
Christopher Hume: No, no, that's a great point, Bill. Yeah. Like, let's say for whatever reason you didn't discuss suicidality or you turned on the microphone after you discussed that, it will allow you to attest to that in the note, like, oh, we actually did discuss this and it will make the required changes.
Valerie Farris, Psych NP: Yeah. I feel like jot psych, it's very well rounded, especially for psychiatry. I mean.
Christopher Hume: It's in the name.
Christopher Hume: Is kind of what I would always say at conferences.
Valerie Farris, Psych NP: Right?
Christopher Hume: Got psych.
Valerie Farris, Psych NP: Yeah. Yeah. It just has so much more than what I've seen in others. Scribe system I used. A lot more like ability to personalize it. And I don't know, just, I like that. So it's not just. Just AI. And then there's no human editing to it.
Christopher Hume: Or, you know, no, we want this to be a super personalized and super psych focused, entirely SEC focused experience.
Valerie Farris, Psych NP: So.
Christopher Hume: Brandon again, appreciate you sort of volunteering, being voluntarily to share screen. And we kind of worked through those issues. And it was a great opportunity to make sure everyone knows how if you're doing telehealth with a headset on, you have to push that, that button right here. The last really kind of major thing, Brandon and Valerie, I want to go over for you is how to add and edit templates. I can show you sort of the, the Spravato templates that we have pre-built. And show you how to edit those. Or if you need a custom one, build it yourself and how you can make sure that those are available in your recorder.
Christopher Hume: Now, if you've got a documentation note templates. You're going to have, I'm sorry, this is my account. I helped a lot of customers with it. So I have probably too many templates available over here, but you'll see all your available templates on this side of the screen. So let's. Perfect. So I had Spravato already loaded up. If you, you can access it by going to browse library. And searching won't show up for me. But. Oh, it's already in my list. Adding the spermato template right to your list.
Bill Eberhart: Now, if you, yeah, you guys, you guys already know. So the dot psych actively goes out and they look at policies and compliance and, and literally what each CPT code needs to be able to go through and then it can do a reverse match. So based on the note, who knows what they need. Right. And then you can. But that the amount of work that's, that's needed to be able to update and keep those policies updated alone to me is worth it. I mean, just because that stuff changes. We, we got an email the other day that Blue Cross Blue Shield, Texas is going to Auto down code stuff for people who are doing Spravato. And, yeah, we, we, so we, we sent out a mass mailer and, and said, hey, this is not right. Is right your congressman.
bfarler: Here's a template to send. It's just criminal.
Christopher Hume: It is unbelievable. I was at a clinic in. Oh, my gosh, Billy, you got me sidetracked here getting so, so worked up about the, the code down coding, but they're, they tell us how one of the insurance providers, just every single, is at 99214. They down coded to a 9921 and they had to appeal every single one just in perpetuity. Is just.
Valerie Farris, Psych NP: Yeah, unbelievable moving Target, you know? Constantly moving and you have to figure out where it is.
Christopher Hume: But I could talk about that all day, too. And I do want to be respectful of everyone's Friday morning. So I won't. I'll, I'll restrain myself. But just to show you, Valerie, were you able to find the Spravato template?
Valerie Farris, Psych NP: Yeah, I added it to my template.
Christopher Hume: Okay. If you want to make any changes, you press this edit with AI button. And then very similar, similarly to how you edit your notes. On the right hand side, you can just have a conversation with the chatbot. They're like, hey. You know, I actually don't need the summary section, take it out. Or, hey, the chief complaint should be shorter. Fix that. And it'll make those changes and customize the template for you. Thank. Brandon, I also wanted to note, I saw that it looked like how your account was preloaded. You had a lot of therapy templates and you didn't maybe didn't have like the medication management or psychiatric templates. So we, of course, have medication management. Excuse me. E m templates. Those should all be available in the library down here.
bfarler: Okay, cool. Thank you. Yeah, I don't do any psych personally, so I just selected counselor when I loaded in.
Christopher Hume: Yeah. Okay, perfect. I got a little concern there. Like, oh, I don't see the. Yeah. Okay, that makes sense. And then if you need anything from scratch, you can also just build a template here. Again, you can add sections from our library. Or you can just go to the editor and say, like, hey, give me a template with a chief complaint along there. Looks good. You have it over here. So that is at a million miles a minute. One of the major job stack features. I'm happy to dive into some of the nitty gritty details. Talk Logistics about kind of the pilot program. I do want to make sure, I know this has been a long meeting, so I certainly don't want to go over. So what would be the best use of the next 12 minutes? Or less? We can certainly get out early.
Valerie Farris, Psych NP: Sorry, I'm going through the templates right now. I think. I like that we can build them. Because I didn't see one specific for, like, IV ketamine.
Christopher Hume: Yeah. Off the top of my head, I'm not sure if we have a specific ID ketamine. I know we, as we reviewed have just bravado, but I think we might have to build a custom one for the IV.
Valerie Farris, Psych NP: Yeah, definitely. But, I mean, it's cool. There's the ability to do that. I think, like, I think my other question. Just overall, is like, is there anything else that you see getting utilized by providers through job psych other than the templates and the recording? Like. Is there just anything more to it that I, we haven't talked about or I don't know.
Christopher Hume: There are probably two features that I would love to show. One is our document generator. So if you're on a note, and do you ever make referral letters, Valerie, or Brennan, are you referring or doing workplace accommodations or anything like that?
bfarler: In the future, maybe when we get clients?
Christopher Hume: Yes, you're right. Okay. A lot of notional hypotheticals here. Hypothetically. If you're making a lot of documents, you could say, write me a concise, my gosh. I'm so impressed by all behavioral health professionals how you can type and speak. I just can't do it. So thank you for bearing with me. So that's I can figure it out. And so what this will do is it will generate any sort of document you need. I mean, you saw that there was like three seconds. You can again kind of chat with it on the left hand side. Shorter. And then you can download it, send it to your patient. And then if you're like this in, like, perfect workplace accommodation, you can say that and then just next time it's just a click of a button. That's one feature we love. Any questions here, Brandon or Valerie?
Valerie Farris, Psych NP: I just didn't see how you got to the bad space. Yes.
Christopher Hume: There is a floating button or flowing box at the bottom of your note. Down here. So this button is document generation. This button is lab order. This is follow up. Like, so I'll send like a follow up message to the patient. And this is request payment. So if you need to do like a copay or something like that. You or there are self pay patient, you can do it directly with this button.
Bill Eberhart: Yeah. Another huge feature that, that. Me being a, you know, I was being a billing company. We, we love, literally, it suggests a diagnosis and a, a CPT code to use. And that's based on, you know, the templates. We also have. You know, all of our customers are starting to use dot psych and there, there's almost nothing we have to tweak. But it's, it's just remembering to click that button before you start the session. That is the most important.
Christopher Hume: Almost as important, Bill, is remembering to push stop when the session ends, because that's a painful customer support question. Oh, my God. I left it on for three, three sessions in a row. Can you help me out there? That gets pretty tricky. So the, the last thing, Valerie, you said one or two things. That kind of we could show. And the last one was this patient overview page. I just wanted to so you can set up e prescription through job psych. You have easy access to all your patient encounters. It'll track diagnoses and medications. And you can actually. Send forms through here as well. So this is just going to be a place where your information is saved and you have easy access to all kind of the, your job site notes, forms, Etc.
Valerie Farris, Psych NP: Is there a goal for Jot psych to develop into, like, a telehealth platform? I mean, why is that not there? I guess.
Christopher Hume: That is a great question. You, we are eventually going to be a full telehealth platform. Yeah. So we are actually just saw last week. I was super excited to find out we're rolling out the actual telehealth platform itself through some of our beta users. So they're testing it out so we can roll it out to everyone.
Valerie Farris, Psych NP: Is there an anticipated launch date or is it still just in, like
Christopher Hume: that, I would imagine not too far in the distant future since it's being tested out already. But I'm going to be honest that I don't want to speak for the engineering team. I'm not 100 sure with that date is.
Valerie Farris, Psych NP: Seeing the ball.
Christopher Hume: I guess my, my last question, Valerie, is there any particular pain point? I know, you know, you guys haven't really. Got, is there anything in particular that you. Yeah, a painful part of your workflow that you want to see if JotSite can help you with because, you know, we've only kind of just touched the surface today. And if there's anything that's causing you issues, like we could see if we can help with that.
Valerie Farris, Psych NP: I think I've addressed like the issues that I've had to scan in my brain. No, because really, the only other issues I was having was. With being able to. Like, imprint my own kind of. Variance to the notes. Through. And the only one I've used before is freed.
Valerie Farris, Psych NP: That's the only. Point of reference I have. But with this one, with jot psych, I just feel like you can edit it and change it and customize it for patient so well to the current session. That it kind of helps you eliminate all of those issues.
Christopher Hume: Because of the customer. Certainly the goal. Certainly the goal. And I'm glad that came through in the little demo.
Valerie Farris, Psych NP: To hear.
Christopher Hume: And then Brandon, from, from your perspective, is there any, I know. A little early, a lot of hypotheticals here. Is there anything in particular you anticipate being a challenge that kind of jot cycle can help with that we haven't reviewed yet? Like note reviews. Compliance checks for the team, anything like that.
bfarler: No, not right now.
Christopher Hume: Well, then four minutes left. I think the, the last thing that I'll touch upon here is Brandon, did Nate walk you through the three options for the pilot?
bfarler: Program?
Christopher Hume: Not quite.
bfarler: Okay.
Christopher Hume: Let me just pull those up and we can kind of decide which makes the most sense for you. The, the three pilot options, we have a super low touch free two week program. It's unlimited access to everything. We have a four week program. So the benefit of the four week, aside from the Saturday, it's additional time. Brandon is that we come out and visit, we do in-person training, we review your workflow with you in person. And we also develop two custom templates for you. Valerie, we would develop your ketamine template and then anything else you need. And we also have a longer. Program as well, which is typically used by. Very large organizations. We need a little more time. And of course kind of, again, don't tell my boss, but we'll make sure we get like a two week grace period at the beginning of whatever pilot you choose. So you can kind of get your caseload up and properly try us. But what of these is kind of the most, most appealing.
bfarler: I mean, right now, just the, the two weeks until we can get some, some clients in the door, because even once they do, it's not. I wish 25 people would walk in and say hello. I need help. I mean, we, but like I said earlier, since I started my advertising, I have been watching my website and we've been getting a lot more hits on it. We've been, we've had a couple different people sending me emails through the website, interested in it. I've been posting on social. So, I mean, as soon as we can, what I, what I ideally like to do is I, I'm very interested. I really do want to go with you. I really do especially like the auditing piece because I can't stand insurance companies with the way that they just are. But I also don't want to not be able to use the program when we have people. So I think maybe a good course of action would be once we at least get a few people on the schedule, I'll reach back out and we would, we would start the two week trial then.
Christopher Hume: I would be if you expect had anyone at all next week, I'd be happy to just cut or over the next two weeks, I'd be happy to just do like a two week trial. Like we'll set that up for both of you today. Like we've done it today and then kind of at the end of that two weeks once hopefully you guys are ramping up, we can have another discussion whether you want to do like a formal two weeker or if you'd want to do a longer one. Certainly, I mean, we know kind of you're at a very early stage and so exciting that gets to chat with you now so we can make sure that the first two weeks are kind of just. A gratis, extra gratis time for you to play with us and play with the program. And then after that we can have a discussion on which one of these you'd like to formally try.
Christopher Hume: Whether it's just another weeks or the paid four weeks.
bfarler: I appreciate it. Thank you.
Christopher Hume: So I think the next step would be could we just do a check in maybe at this time next Friday? Just Valerie, if you've been able to play with the platform at all, maybe record one note either real or notional just to make sure that whenever your caseload does build up, you're able to just hit the ground running.
bfarler: Yeah, I'm looking at my.
Bill Eberhart: Ken. So would it would be an inappropriate or appropriate to take an existing note that you have written before from some other place like a PDF or something. And then import.
Christopher Hume: That could work, but I would probably recommend trying to make sure that it's audio focused just because that's how most of the actual sessions are going to be conducted. And that's a good way for us to just work out any kinks during this trial period and make sure that, you know, it's capturing your voice, you know, all that good stuff. And you kind of see the magic of like, oh, I just kind of like word vomit's probably not the best. Word vomited a dictation to jot second. Oh my gosh, this node it created for me.
bfarler: I will probably not be able to make it this upcoming Friday, but, you know, if you want to just check in with Val, I mean, it'll just depend if we've been able to get some clients scheduled or not. And I don't want to waste your time or her time if we're still trying to get that underway. So maybe.
Valerie Farris, Psych NP: The following Monday the 6th.
Valerie Farris, Psych NP: Just a good Friday at PM next Friday.
Christopher Hume: Yeah, the sixth is 10 o'clock or 9 30, 10 o'clock work.
Valerie Farris, Psych NP: Let's do 10.
Christopher Hume: Perfect. And Valerie, I'll just make it a 15 minute check in. I'm just like, hey, have you had any patience? How'd it go? And, and then we can kind of just go from there.
Valerie Farris, Psych NP: Yeah, that sounds great.
Bill Eberhart: I want to talk to Brandon after this. If you Mary, do you want to stay on? I don't know, Chris, is this your link? Who owns the link?
Christopher Hume: Who's I own link, but we can take out our note taker and we'll, we'll, we'll bounce. So you can, you can have the link.
Bill Eberhart: Okay. I just didn't know. Yeah. Because if you haven't, if you. Yeah. Thank you.
Bill Eberhart: Yeah, we'll just going to say to Brandon real quick, if you guys want to stay on, no problem. I don't care. But the, therapists sometimes have huge needs for super depressed people. And I think if you reached out to a lot of the local therapists, call all up and say, or, or go to their office and say, hey. I can help your super depressed people. And here's my criteria that can't have, you know, what, you know, supermassive Brett head injury or, you know, what, you know, I don't know what it is, but you can say these are the people that are outside the scope of my health and, and that, and then.