Ridge Therapist: Here. That's up. Can you. Can you.
Christopher Hume: I can. I can hear you guys.
Ridge Therapist: Okay, we can hear you too now. We can hear you too.
Christopher Hume: Wonderful.
Ridge Therapist: Good to see you. Yeah. Hi. I'm missing a few people here. One is out today unexpectedly, so I.
Christopher Hume: Okay.
Ridge Therapist: But let me make sure this other guy who is interested in this is on the way.
Christopher Hume: Yep, Certainly we can wait a few minutes. And just to introduce myself, Chuck and I'm sorry, I didn't catch.
Ridge Therapist: This is James.
Christopher Hume: James, Chuck.
Ridge Therapist: Very nice to meet you. I think we met in an earlier meeting. Oh, that.
Christopher Hume: That makes sense. Definitely makes sense. Well, nice to see you again then. How is. How's the weather for you guys in. In North Dakota?
Ridge Therapist: Improving.
Christopher Hume: Okay.
Ridge Therapist: Beautiful outside. It's like spring is upon us.
Christopher Hume: We're based in D.C. and yeah, we've had a cold, cold couple weeks.
Ridge Therapist: Okay. We got most of the people. Chuck just stepped out to to get something, but we have 1, 2, 3, 4, and then I think I'm missing two guys. I'm missing Nick and I'm missing Tony. Tony is out today.
Ridge Therapist: I'm not sure where it is. It's probably in a little bit later because he works late tonight. Yeah, I mean, that's it. Okay. So we have these four, which is a core for. These are the most important people. These are the smartest four people we have. Right, Perfect.
Christopher Hume: Then we're in the right place. Right. And just so you. My apologies if I kind of miss anyone. Tom first, for some reason, the image coming through. I can just see you and then little like movements occasionally on the side. So if anyone needs me to answer a question or anything, please, please speak up. I'm not ignoring you.
Ridge Therapist: I think we just centralize the camera here and.
Christopher Hume: Oh, okay. Okay.
Ridge Therapist: It'll probably be a little bit better for us. I think these things should be in the center.
Ridge Therapist: It'll be fine. But there's James. Can you see? There we go. And then I think if I talk, it'll put me up there. Maybe not. Oh, yeah, here I am.
Christopher Hume: Yeah, there we go.
Ridge Therapist: That's all of it. I could make it this window, I think bigger. Here we go.
Ridge Therapist: So I think what we're really asking is, is your product dummy proof? The technical part of it, and I've demonstrated with him before.
Ridge Therapist: Okay, when I said these are the four smartest guys, I didn't. I probably was not considering him.
Christopher Hume: No, we. We are dummy proof. And the whole point of this meeting is so that I can walk you through how to sign up, how to try this out, and then I'll make sure you have my email and my calendar too.
Christopher Hume: So if you prove me wrong and we run into issues after the fact, we can just jump on a call, one on one.
Ridge Therapist: This is kind of a wrench because I didn't tell anybody to bring their laptops or anything. And you could just walk us through it. Yeah, these guys, if they're interested.
Christopher Hume: So yeah, perfect. So what we'll do, Tom and Tom and team, is I'll go through a quick just overview of jot Psych. It's just a few slides. Good opportunity to kind of explain how we work and just get any big questions kind of right off the bat. Then I'll walk through the signup process. It's really easy. I swear. It takes less than three minutes. And then I'll just walk through how to use the software. And it's just a general demo and an opportunity for you all who haven't had an opportunity to use this yet to just ask questions, get them out of the way and honestly get to know me. So if you have questions a couple days from now, you could just reach out. We can have a one on one meeting. Does that sound like a good path ahead?
Ridge Therapist: Yeah, I think that's. That's fine for now. That sounds good. And I, you know, I have to say I don't utilize any of the help so far and I probably couldn't be calling you and I don't. I never do that.
Christopher Hume: Yes, yes. And I'll make sure you all have my, my info. I'll follow up after this call or after this meeting.
Ridge Therapist: Okay.
Christopher Hume: So you can all set up meetings with me. Whatever works. So as I already alluded to, goals today, set up accounts. We'll cheat a little. I'll show you how to set up accounts. We'll do a brief demo where you can all sort of see how Jet Psych works. And then we'll just save some time at the end to answer any questions you have and to make sure you all have my contact information.
Ridge Therapist: Did I tell you I have food coming around noon? So that's.
Christopher Hume: Yep. I. That is, we will certainly be done before noon. Don't want to keep anyone away from the most important part of the day here. So, Tom, you're the only one in the room who's kind of used job psych so far. Is that correct?
Ridge Therapist: Right. My. Some of our nurses use it. I know, and they were just some of them in this room, but now they're. They're off somewhere else. We don't work. We don't connect much with the nurses, as much as probably we should, but.
Christopher Hume: Okay.
Christopher Hume: Well, then for everyone else, I'm sure you already know this, but Jeff, psych is an AI scribe. Have us running during a session. Generates a note in whatever format you need within 20 to 40 seconds of the session. Wrapping up. The other thing to flag is that if for whatever reason, you can't record during an encounter with your clients, you can actually just dictate in plain English after the sessions. Hey, I saw Joey. He seemed anxious. He was dealing with these symptoms. And it will just turn that kind of stream of consciousness language into a note for you.
Ridge Therapist: Yeah, like I go to the jail, for example, just for Mike's. I go to the jail and just take down notes basically and a bunch of questions following some ASAM template that I have and then speak into the come back here, speak into it, paraphrase and it works. I've been pretty impressed with it so far.
Christopher Hume: That's wonderful to hear. And yeah, that's an interesting use case. I've spoken with at conferences, actually quite a few people who work in jails. And you know, the friction always is you can't bring your phone or laptop in. So it's great to hear that that's working for you, Tom. So as I said, jot psych. You could hold me to this. I was going to do a speed test if you had your laptops, but you can email me afterward.
Christopher Hume: But it really is so quick to sign up. It should take less than three minutes. And then how it works is you have it recording during a session, but you could also add context too. So if you want to type something out, maybe something that you don't want to say out loud. Chris appeared anxious or disheveled. You can type that down here and it will be integrated into your node as well.
Christopher Hume: So any questions about what jot psych is that?
Ridge Therapist: That part where you. I can add into it. Just point that out again.
Christopher Hume: That's right here for additional notes.
Ridge Therapist: Okay.
Christopher Hume: You can.
Ridge Therapist: I haven't done that yet. Okay, good.
Christopher Hume: Yep. So it'll push that into the note for you and then just want to flag this off the bat. Of course we're HIPAA compliant. How job site works is the standard settings. The audio is transcribed, the transcript has all PII redacted or.
Ridge Therapist: Yeah, pii.
Christopher Hume: So if you say something like, hey, Chris, how are you feeling today? The transcript will actually say, hey, name, how are you feeling today? So there's never any concern about any of that information leaking out. We err on the side of the over secure over de identification as opposed to kind of the other way. I just want to flag that. I know that's a big question when people start using new tools like this. Any questions while we walk through, if any come up?
Ridge Therapist: Yeah, I haven't seen any HIPAA problems.
Christopher Hume: Wonderful. That was the presentation. I promised I'd keep it to a few slides. Now we'll get to the fun part where we walk through Jottecyc and answer any questions or kind of you can say like, o. Will I do my work this way? Can you do that?
Christopher Hume: This is how you would sign up for Jotsych. It's just Jotsych. Com.
Ridge Therapist: Okay? He's just going to give his class.
Christopher Hume: Okay, perfect. Okay, keep chugging. So you go to Jotsec. Com, you press start your trial. And no credit card, nothing like that. So you can try it out before you bring this to kind of your owner and see if you want to do it as an organization again, it really should take less than three minutes. So, Tom, if you want to help the team afterward, I'll be sure to resend the link so they can just click the link and it'll take them right to sign up. Or if one on one sessions would be helpful, we can do that later this week or early next week too.
Ridge Therapist: Sure.
Christopher Hume: Okay, perfect. So, any general questions? Lost you guys? Can you still hear me?
Ridge Therapist: Yeah. Yes.
Christopher Hume: Okay, perfect. Any general questions about JOT Psych or anything like that?
Ridge Therapist: I don't think so for now. Okay. We're probably more interested in the templates, you know, and I'm sure you'll get into that. Yeah, some of us are addiction, so we, we need addiction type templates. And some of us are. All of us are therapists too, so we need more of a therapy type note. I know you have those templates already.
Christopher Hume: Yep. So, Tom, I know you have a custom ASAM template that seems to be working pretty well for you. Would the therapy templates be more like soap, dap burp notes, situation?
Ridge Therapist: Well, yeah. Yes, mostly.
Ridge Therapist: I also be interested in intake assessments.
Christopher Hume: Okay, certainly. Let me jump into the software now. So what we're going to do here is we'll walk through how you record with job psych, what a note could look with jobs look like with shots, like, excuse me. And then we'll just go through how you can customize your templates again. You don't need to take notes or worry that, oh my gosh, what if I forget how to do this? I'm happy to just jump on the line with you and do it with you at some point tomorrow or next week. This is the JOT Psych homepage. You get to the recording screen by pressing this button here and you have two options. You can either select a patient, for example, this notional Bruce Cahill. It'll give you a summary of your last encounter. Then select your note a psychiatric intake. That will be your note template.
Christopher Hume: And then you press this record button over here. As I was saying, you can also add context to say patient appeared disheveled or something that you don't want to say out loud, or you think of after the session and that will be integrated into the note. The other thing I want to flag for you, Tom, because I know you've used ShotStack before and some of our customers don't know you can do this. You can actually record two audio files associated with a note.
Christopher Hume: So if you have one with the patient in the room, you can load that here, and then you can actually add your. Your thoughts or your clinical analysis afterward in a separate recording. And Jot Psych will combine those into a note for you. So you certainly still have to do that, but it's available to you.
Ridge Therapist: So where. So let's say I'm done with recording my client. How would I add that afterwards then?
Christopher Hume: Yep. So then. So you're done with your client. You'll have this little. It shows your recording down here. You would then just press start recording again.
Ridge Therapist: Oh, okay. Just do that again. Okay.
Christopher Hume: Yep. You know, hey, I saw Chris. He appeared anxious, disheveled. My clinical opinion, he's at risk of substance use the next, you know, in the immediate future. Xyz. Then you push the stop button, and then you would just generate the note.
Ridge Therapist: All right. And that would incorporate it then into that most recent account.
Christopher Hume: Exactly. Yep.
Ridge Therapist: Okay. All right. Yeah. So be equivalent to just adding something written out.
Christopher Hume: Exactly. Both are available for you to you. Any additional sort of questions, confusion, anything like that.
Ridge Therapist: So I have. When I'm doing my substance assessments, I have a template that I have. Can I upload my template on there and have your programming fill it in? Yep.
Christopher Hume: When you mean by fill it, I mean.
Ridge Therapist: So there's. There's. Let's say there's 42 different box questions that I have through there. So you start off with here's client's name, demographic, all that crap. And then you go through the. The different dimensions of the asam. Each.
Ridge Therapist: Each of those questions is. Is to help write up my final assessment. So if I go through, can I upload my hard copy that I have on my desktop to this? Does that make sense?
Christopher Hume: Yeah. So if you have a custom template, you go. Let me just show you. You go, note templates. And then you could just upload your existing template and Jot Psych will walk you through making sure that you have that inside Jot Psych. And then you can use it for your encounter. And your encounter note will be in that format.
Ridge Therapist: Okay. That's pretty cool. Yeah. Yeah. And I didn't even do that. I think I took. You had some sort of standard asam, and I just made very small changes to it. I haven't really even begun to. I could customize it more, I think.
Christopher Hume: Yeah, absolutely. Yeah. I remember we talked about the ASAM template right after the ASAM conference. Yeah. I'm glad that's still working for you, though. Tom. So this is a what a jot psych note will look like. This is a psychiatric intake. So I know probably a little different from a therapy intake, but I just want to show it to kind of show what happens after a session. So you're left with something like this. You can then copy and paste into your ehr. So you can copy all sections or you can go, excuse me, one or two or three sections at a time. And on the right hand side you can train jot psych in whatever changes you'd like made. So again, it's just plain English. You'd say something like, hey, make the let's go if complaint sections bullet points. And then you would just ask job site to do that. It would make the changes for you and if you needed any additional tweaks, you could just continue chatting with it in plain English. So any questions there? It's always nerve wracking when, when I hear silence. Either doing a good job or a really bad job.
Ridge Therapist: No, it's, it's fine. I think sometimes this is where you get into the weeds a little bit in terms of the formatting. Like if it has bullet points and I want to make a sub bullet point, I often just copy it and make the sub point my. You know, on my own, just on a word processor I'm sure there's, there's better ways to give it prompts to do the same thing, but.
Christopher Hume: Yep, you certainly can do both of those. Tom. Sometimes, you know, instead of telling AI to do something, it is easier just to copy and make a minor adjustment yourself. But you certainly can train jot psych and say, hey, I want this to be a sub bullet underneath this and it should be able to make those changes and it'll learn from those changes so you don't have to do them every time.
Ridge Therapist: Yeah. For example, I, it was, it was not naming. You guys went through a little bit of a change with your software last month, I think.
Christopher Hume: Yep, Yep. We had an upgrade.
Ridge Therapist: So it wasn't. Is naming the ASAM dimensions but didn't number them, which maybe is not strictly necessary, but I, I wanted them numbered. I said number the ASAM dimensions 11 through 6 and it did.
Christopher Hume: Yeah, pretty easily.
Ridge Therapist: Okay, that's.
Christopher Hume: No, it's, it's great to hear that kind of the, because the, the edit feature has been updated too. So I'm glad that that's been working.
Ridge Therapist: Yeah. In terms of formatting, depending on how far we get into this as an institution, could we implement the formatting to include our logo.
Christopher Hume: So logo. We. Currently, we don't offer images, but we could adjust the headers to include information about your clinic. Absolutely. Or about Bridge.
Ridge Therapist: Yeah, some address, phone numbers, things like that might be. I'm not sure what we'd need to put there. Right now I'm just copy. Pasting everything onto the. Onto a letterhead of ours.
Christopher Hume: Okay.
Ridge Therapist: And then I sometimes. I often make edits there.
Christopher Hume: No, you can certainly make changes to your kind of header when you copy the whole thing. And that would be kind of up here in your.
Ridge Therapist: Your settings where it says edit template or where
Christopher Hume: that would be up here in. Yeah. And you'd kind of adjust where.
Ridge Therapist: Yeah, I'll look into that more. Okay. The. The changes I need would. Could be my own. And then if Mike did it, they, they. He has his own separate account. Right. So my changes wouldn't affect him.
Christopher Hume: Yeah, that's a great question. So currently, kind of when we get you guys up on these trials, you're all going to have separate accounts. You can all customize it. If you decide to move forward as an organization, you have your. The opportunity to. To. Okay. Everyone has the same template. If, If Tom makes a change, everyone's getting it. So that's an option that's available for you, but you certainly don't have to do that.
Ridge Therapist: Okay.
Christopher Hume: All right, so I think we hit the.
Ridge Therapist: Oh, go ahead, Tom. No, I think you're right. I think that's. I don't know. I'm kind of talking a lot. Anybody else have any questions? Well, if I understand what you're saying is that if you have a. If you have your template, I can. I can have a separate partition for my own. Sure.
Christopher Hume: Absolutely. Yep.
Ridge Therapist: Yeah. So I wouldn't mess up your. Your way of doing things. We don't. We don't only have access if we are under the same umbrella. Correct. Like if I go and put my. If I. If I become your client and Tom is your client, we can't. Until we're both under the same ridge umbrella.
Christopher Hume: Is that. I'm sorry, you cut out for a moment there. You can't share. What was the question? Templates. Not sure. Can you guys hear me? Seems like everyone froze it. Tom and team. Can you guys hear me? It. Sam. Sa. Sam. Sa. Sam. Sa. Sam. Sa. Sa. Sam.