Adam Harrison: Yeah. So I think I'm fine either way. Nate, I was thinking things we should talk through today, one are kind of like the current, current folks we're speaking with today as well as like touch base with Jackson on broader product, you know, engineering, dev work and like, where we are there.
Nathan Peereboom: My view is everything about this project just needs to be driven by immediate customer needs. So. So I think we just talk about the people who have MSAs and we just ask the question, how do we get them to start moving their billing through?
Nathan Peereboom: And that drives product. That's how I think we should run these meetings. And I don't think we should talk about anyone who's on msa.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Perfect.
Nathan Peereboom: Great. Okay, so let's just march through. Let's start with the most important. Valcor. So where are we with Valcor?
Jackson Bierfeldt: So they don't want to move. They don't want to move ahead any further until they can drop one of their platforms. Because if you caught up on their. Our meeting from last time, Jorge was like, great. You know, the patient payment thing looks good. You know, we have the training on it, but I'm not going to ask anyone to use Jot Psych while we still have Advanced MD and Collab MD because syncing three different, you know, patients across all of those is just inviting us to do errors and we don't want to have those kinds of errors. So there is something we said there for like a, for like a data syncing strategy, but I think actually the like, you know, shortest path here is he's ready to drop Advanced MD as his ehr. The only thing he's waiting on is the like, dual signing model where they have. Because they have a whole bunch of people who, you know, aren't. They're the rendering provider, but they're not the billing provider and they require dual signatures. So he made it pretty clear that he's like, hey, look, with JotRx and with the tiny cash register, I don't see any reason why we need to maintain Advanced md. So once you guys have the signing thing, we'll be able to do that. So Marcus and I met on Friday and scoped out what it is that we're going to need to do in order to enable this dual signature mvp. And then we have time set aside tomorrow for he and I to work on that in person and get that done. So our next move with Valcor is for us to build that and get them to start testing it, I guess. I mean, that's actually the thing we need to decide on is how we want to roll it out to them because it is going to be like a janky, half built thing right away. And I don't know if we want to make the first move, like, all right, cancel your Advanced MD subscription. You know, we have this feature now. Or if we want to like find some way to walk them into it that I just haven't even thought about. So that's the thing we need to decide on.
Nathan Peereboom: Why are we trying to replace Advanced MD and not Collab md?
Jackson Bierfeldt: Because his. Appetite for replacing Collab MD is way lower. He's like, that's where all the money runs through. That's like, critical, mission important. That's our source of truth for scheduling and everything. And he's just not gonna be as eager to move that over until we're like, fully ready to move all of their payers, all of their eras, like, everything over into us. So it's really just like Advanced MD is the one he's willing to cut and he's willing to do two systems at once.
Nathan Peereboom: Should we be coaching him to be more flexible? Collab md. Because our whole thing is we want to do the billing. We don't actually have full sophistication in EHR for him. So is this about us kind of not being persuasive enough about what we want to actually own? Because we want to own Collab md. I mean, that's our strategy here.
Jackson Bierfeldt: I told him that, like, I made it pretty clear. I'm like, oh, well, we want to move everything over into this. But he's just, you know, gonna drag his feet on that because that is their, like, main system of record. And it, you know, we feel experimental to him.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, all right, great. So I think that we have an answer there.
Jackson Bierfeldt: No.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Well, we need to answer the question of, like, how do we want to hit? Because right now he's in a holding pattern because we said, okay, we're going to go and look and see how fast we can build this, but we need to get back to him on an exact timeline of, like, what we want to do and when.
Nathan Peereboom: I think I'm too far. I think I'm too far away from this to make the decision, you guys. Jackson, I think this is your call. You know what the technical situation is. You have, like, at this point, like, a closer relationship with Jorge than I do. What's, what's your opinion?
Jackson Bierfeldt: I think Marcus and I just need to build it tomorrow and then we need to flash that to Jorge and say that we want to. I think we should say that starting next week, we want to get him requiring his providers to sign the note in job site, and that's going to go along with the new templates that we build. It built him for the psychiatry department, which they're starting to use. I haven't checked on it this week, but our call with them and asking them to, hey, start getting everyone to use this template seems to have started to take shape. So those are the two main things. We needed them to use the template and we needed them to start signing the notes. I think by telling him we want his providers to start signing notes in jot, psych is going to be the forcing function to actually find out, like, if the providers kick back, you know, if they're, if they're comfortable, like dropping advanced md and that is what we should do.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, I said this to Adam and I'll just like point it out here too. I, I generally am worried that the way that we're approaching the folks who are currently under MSA is just too many steps. And Jackson, this is, I mean, it's your judgment call again, you're closer to this. My intuition is that they oftentimes don't know exactly what they want and in our minds we're like, well, you know, if they, they're going to feel taken care of if we keep meeting with them and meeting with them. I think that he basically like, I think that for all of these folks, they want someone to come in and be like, trust us, this is what we're doing. And like it happens in like one motion or two motions. I don't think that that's probably possible with the complexity of Valcor. But I do want us to consider whether or not this is like a multi step thing or we just say, hey, two weeks from now we're going live. Nothing changes until that point. And then everything changes because every time we add a step in, we're taking risk that there's going to be friction and then that friction is going to feel like it compounds. And then Jorge's mind, he's like, hey, you know what? Every time these guys ask me to do something, my staff gets angry and I like get, you know, I get yelled at and I get emails and, and I hate that, you know, like, so I, I just want us to really question this path of there's 10 different steps until we actually like implement here. And I think that about the.
Jackson Bierfeldt: I, I think you're right that that is the risk. The. Because every single time it opens, yeah, it's better to like rip the band aid off all at once. The problem is that we're just building it as we go. So, so our risk gets way mitigated when we, you know, do these things piecemeal and learn as we're doing it. Because we have never actually moved a whole psychiatric practice over to using us as an ehr. We've never actually done ERA with anybody. We've never actually set up a complete, you know, billing posting system. So it is just like where we put the risk. And I agree, it actually does feel better for us to take on that risk than it is to foist it on, on them. But that is the dance that we have to, we have to do with them. And I do think that with Valcourt in particular, as you mentioned, like saying, hey, we're just going to go live with this in two weeks is kind of impossible because there just is too much complexity and too much at play. And I don't think that we're ready to have a system where we go, okay, now shut down Advanced MD and Collab md and all your money is now flowing through us. I mean, Jorge has even expressed concern before on calls that he's, like, not sure if he wants us to set up a bank account for him like that. That whole thing he seems wary of. So I just don't think we're going to be able to, like. Force him into doing all of that all at once.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. It's a judgment call on your side, I think. I think that makes sense. In the future, obviously, like, we just. Yeah. I mean, I guess once. Once we've done this one time, we can move to the system where it's like, hey, there's only one process here. Um, so I think that that's fine. I. I understand the challenge of this. Um, I.
Jackson Bierfeldt: I think that we're in this, like, half customer relationship, half design partner thing, which is actually, like. I don't. I mean, Adam, you. You tell me what Yuri is, but I do not get the sense that Jorge and Janet are, like, really burned by. By any of this. I think they're actually feeling like some trust building with the different steps, and they're kind of feeling like, oh, these guys are, like, writing custom software for us. Like, that's kind of. I don't know. I. I actually get the social sense that they're not, like, at their. At their wits end with, okay, yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: I mean, only you guys can judge that. So if you're. If that's how you're feeling, awesome.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, I think plus one. I do. I do feel like they. Yeah, I. I would agree with Jackson there. One. One question on this kind of, like, advanced MD replacement thing. So one thing that's not totally clear in my mind is, so let's say, you know, after we build the, like, dual signature thing, you and Marcus build it, we say, okay, you can move, you can drop advanced, you can move to job site. Does that break any of their existing workflows? Because I know Advanced and Collab kind of, like, talk to each other, so I think maybe they don't. I mean, I can go look at their systems today if that's like, a helpful exercise to go through.
Jackson Bierfeldt: We should definitely go through them. But to answer your question, like, there is a huge one more thing risk here, as there always is when people say that they just need one more thing in order to switch. I get the sense, though, that Jorge really. See, I mean, he said on the call, he was like, look, we just use Advanced MD as, like, a database for the notes. You know, I know they do have some integration, but I think he's particularly, like, politically willing to, like, cut it, even if there are some. Some things that go there. He's like, as long as we have the scheduling payment, one that stays the same, I don't really care which one is the database of the notes. Now we are like, we know we're going to have this thing where they're like, oh, well, what do we do with all of the previous notes? You know, like, we still need the record of those. Can you transfer those over? You know, there's going to be some patient profiles that need to be transferred over. Like there are going to be things here. This is not just like a cut and dry. Oh, we only have to do one thing. But I do think that it is exactly what they're asking for and it's something that, you know, we see ourselves on the precipice of being able to do with JOTRX as well. Like other people are seeing us as like, wait, this could just be my ehr. What's the last thing? So I don't think that this is the silver bullet, but I do think it is the next step with Valcourt in particular.
Adam Harrison: Okay, that makes sense. Yeah. And to your point, maybe that also helps with some of our other customers who want to use this as an ehr. And we're like very close to that obviously. And then I guess second question would be, so. So after this sort of phase is complete is the goal, then we expand to replace both Advanced and Collab MD entirely. And we are like the one system that they use
Jackson Bierfeldt: that that's what we're trying to do. I mean that's the whole game here is like we want to, you know, do the billing. Like we're under MFA with them. We want to actually activate that and start taking our take rate on their, on their billing. But they're not going to do that until they can actually move their eras over and make that formal transition. So I think because Valcor is so high risk there and much higher complexity complexity than the solo providers that the development path here is. We're also figuring out the whole era and posting and reconciliation system with these solo practitioners. And then once we've proven that model and have everything actually hooked up and wired and working, we're going to feel a lot more confidence in our ability to then go to Valcort, you know, maybe two weeks from now and say, hey, you know, let's get a plan on the books for like transferring this over the problem. Then there is going to be a one more problem at that moment, which is the scheduling. Like their, their billing and their scheduling is the most important of all the different subsystems. Those two systems being integrated are the most important thing. And our scheduling system does not hold a candle to Collab MD scheduling system in Feature Set and then definitely not in terms of like the history and configuration that they've already poured into it.
Jackson Bierfeldt: So that's actually going to be the next big hurdle, I think so because they have their, you know, front admin staff that puts all the stuff on the appointments and they can assign it to different providers and they, like, already have all the appointment types set up and they have different front desk people that are assigned to different providers. Like, they have a full complex system. I'm not trying to get into that today. That is not, you know, the. As Nate said, like, we should always just be doing the next thing. That is the holdup.
Jackson Bierfeldt: I'm just flagging right now that, like, My mind is starting to look ahead there because that is going to be a hold up when it comes time to actually getting them to drop Collab md. So we should find a way, if there's something that could get us the ability to start doing some claims with them without them dropping Collab md. Because dropping Collab MD is going to be a really big hurdle. So in our conversations with Valcorded War, hey, we should be trying to find what is the bite size thing where we can be like, look at some subset of your, you know, modalities that you're working with or something so that we could like start that process. But I do think that Valcourt's going to have the bigger switching cost there and that it's really these like solo practitioners that we're going to do the first main, like we do it end to end and actually take the take rate on.
Nathan Peereboom: Great. Yeah, I guess. Why, why can't we take one payer? Like, like, have we floated that to him? Like, why, why does he believe we have to move over all the eras at the same time? Is that just like preference?
Jackson Bierfeldt: It's just cut? Yeah, it's just complexity, you know, because he does not want to put any burden on his staff even more than like what they already have in terms of their different systems. So he's like, I don't want to have just one pair where it's like, oh, well, this pair, you know, they're signing in this system for this one and this system for this one. And you know, you do the scheduling here, but when you schedule this person, they take this insurance. You have to actually do it over here. He sees that as a, a big mental burden. Now we could really reduce that burden I think socially if we were willing to do a lot of the like manual grunt work. But I think we just don't have the like confidence or know how yet to really feel like we can go to him, be like, no, no, this is going to be totally fine because we haven't done it yet.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay. Okay, gotcha. Jackson, what do you need from Adam and I? And then Adam, same question. What do you need from Jackson and I to like move this ball forward? Where, where are we trying to be by the end of the week?
Nathan Peereboom: Like, let's just talk about the week.
Jackson Bierfeldt: As far as product goes. I want to be in a place where we're actually set up to receive eras for the claims that we're submitting. And I want us to be able to log in with a billing account on these practices and actually submit claims from JOT Psych Note on their behalf. All of that is technically and pushed out to production, but we haven't actually gone in and wired it up. So what I want to need is a list of of the people that we have under MSA who is. Ready for me basically to go in and like do all of the wiring up in. In steady. And then who can we like start submitting claims for via JOT Psych?
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, gotcha. So sorry, just to back up. That sounds amazing, Jackson. So with Valcor though, do we have like another meeting on the calendar? Like, are we. Are we like asking anything of them this week? Are like, how long are we think they're going to be in this holding pattern?
Jackson Bierfeldt: So the ball is in our court right now to build this thing. So I think.
Nathan Peereboom: To build the signature piece.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Right, to build the signature piece. So I think that we should probably do an async communication with them, you know, telling them, hey, here's what we're building. You know, we're building it just for you. We're going to have a prototype of it. We want to meet on Monday to make a plan to start getting your usage of JOT Psych in order so that you can drop Advanced md. I think like we want to say, basically, like Monday we're having a How can we drop Advanced MD meeting when we're all. Where we're also showing you the new thing that we built for you and that's the carrots that moves them along.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, gotcha. So, Adam, do you mind sending that correspondence? Can you, can you own kind of the correspondence there?
Adam Harrison: Yeah, sure, Jackson, I'll just kind of sync with you offline on that.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah, thanks, Adam.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, great. So I think we've got like a next step with ValCort1. One last question with Valcor. So when it comes to signing the notes, do you guys want to try and move them to E Prescription as well or.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah, Jorge sees them as bundled.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, cool, cool, cool. All right, great. Let's just keep chugging along here just in the interest of time. Beverly, I know, Adam, you and I talked about her yesterday, but let's just go through it. Yeah, yeah.
Adam Harrison: So Beverly, we got connected last week with her credentialing team. So they are. I've been kind of chasing them daily to get all of her payer contracts. So that is, that is the next step is to like get all those payer contracts, you know, actually confirm the like, which NPI and all the things that were used like for her setup because there's like NPI type 1 or NPI type 2. So get that all confirmed. Enroll her billing identity in Steady Jotsy. So that's. That's one piece that's outstanding. The second piece is. Then we can set up like the ERA and EFT enrollment stuff based on all that as well. But I'm just waiting on her credentialing team right now. But we, I think, can start. Basically. I'm hoping to get those documents, like I, you know, in the next day or so, hopefully. So my goal for Beverly is by end of week, we are submitting claims for her and we have, like, started the ERA enrollment process. So we're gonna get those, like, coming back to us with how many?
Jackson Bierfeldt: How many commercial All. What's the commercial Medicaid split on that?
Adam Harrison: It's mostly commercial, but she has like a bunch. She's credentialed with like a laundry list of payers and some of them are in process, some of them are done. So I just, like, need all those documents, which I haven't been able to get. And that's why I just asked her to connect me directly with her credentialing team.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yep. And what are we. I just want to ask the question of like, do we need the documents to move forward or are we using them kind of as a, like, proxy of like, how prepared everything is?
Adam Harrison: Yeah, we can kind of take a guess at how she is enrolled. So for example, there's like, you can be enrolled with an emp, your individual mpi, or like your organization. Or an organization mpi. So she might be enrolled under Beverly Curtis or she might be enrolled under SciQuest.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Oh, got it. I see. So we. Okay, so we need the payer docs in order to really know, like, is she under NPI 1 or 2 with this payer.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, exactly. I don't know if it varies by payer. So again, we can kind of just like move forward and kind of just take a. Take a stab at it. But I kind of just want to like, get the docs and have them in hand.
Jackson Bierfeldt: No, I actually am okay with the docs being the gate for us because it forces them to have to like, get us that we can get all the information and double check everything because otherwise it opens us up to a whole bunch of unforced errors where we're like, oh, well, we submitted all these claims and it didn't go through because we actually just like 50, 50 guessed the wrong NPI number from you. So I'm okay with that as long as we find some way to keep pressure on people for getting us the docs, which I know we were talking about Async in the slack.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, I think the docs has been, like, kind of a pain point throughout this, like, onboarding thing. Like, yeah, people don't know where the docs are. I think what I found. Found to be the best strategy is just connect us with whoever did your credentialing. Like, for Brittany, who we can talk about in a minute here. I got her docs, like, same day because she connected me with her credentialing person. I asked, like, five questions over email. He responded. He sent me the document. And now, like, for Brittany, we can start billing for her right away.
Adam Harrison: Okay, so Beverly, for whatever reason, is, like, her team is taking longer. Nate, good question about, like, calling. I will try calling as well today. I've just been going over email, but I think I'll try to find a phone number for them as well. Maybe Asia can help with the calling. Yeah, exactly. Asia is calling Medicaid for Steven, and we've been chasing on, like, a similar thread where the information Stephen gave us on his credentialing is actually not accurate. He is not enrolled as, like, with an NPI one with Medicaid. It's a NPI two. But then we don't know, like, what the tax ID Is for that or, like, the PCOS number is for that group. And we don't even know that it's his group. It could be, like, a group he was affiliated with in the past, and he's actually never finished credentialing. Which one Support. Surprise me either. So. So anyway, yeah, I will chase that down with Beverly. I'll have Asia kind of call, and then I really want to just, like, start billing for her right away. There's no reason for us to keep waiting here.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah. So one thing I would like to suggest that we do is is Beverly signing her notes in jot Psych. Do we know she.
Adam Harrison: So what I did is I shared the new templates for with her. Like the ones you developed Jackson, on the like, E. M. Yeah. So she's doing those. I don't know if she's actually signing, but I think my idea was we get her using those templates once, like, assuming she's good with them. I'm gonna get her feedback and see if we need to make any customizations. Then we just have her, like, sign, and we can basically submit the claim from there. Not all of her patients are gonna. That are in job psych are gonna go into, like, our billing workflow.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Right. But she knows which ones she knows. Like, oh, this was Alma 1. Not gonna build them.
Adam Harrison: So my suggestion, we are still formalizing an exact list she knows sort of roughly, but that's one of the things we're working on. I'm connecting with her admin person to get the actual list, but ideally we would have some way in jots to flag. Kind of like we talked about over slack. Submit to jotslake. Billing or, you know, just. Or we can just manually maintain a list of people who.
Jackson Bierfeldt: That would be my suggestion right now is to just turn that on for Beverly so that. And we tell her like, hey, for the ones that we're going to be doing billing for, you know, sign and press, like, bill, you know, or create claim or whatever so that we know. And then she feels like she's like building up that momentum as she's seeing them. And then when it comes time to, you know, there being some sticking document, we can just literally show her, like, well, look, you have, you know, $1700 in claims just waiting to go out right now, but we can't do it until you, like, get us this document. You got to get us the document. But I think, like, having her proactively because it's just a button push, you know, it's just like, sign the note and then it's like, build this note.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Like, getting her to push that button and start, like, accumulating that cue is going to be great because then when we actually do have the docs, we can just like, bam, bam, bam, run through that.
Jackson Bierfeldt: And then it also builds that, like, psychological pressure for her. So I would like to get that out for her and probably, you know, a couple other people we're about to talk about as soon as possible as well.
Adam Harrison: Is that something we can turn on?
Adam Harrison: Like, is that something you've already built, Jackson?
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah, I just need to turn it on.
Adam Harrison: Okay.
Adam Harrison: Do you mind showing me real quick how if you have time now I'm in the car.
Jackson Bierfeldt: I'll do it when I get to the airport.
Adam Harrison: Okay. Maybe if you don't mind just doing a screen recording so I can do it also in the future on the admin panel. Or maybe it's just like, not in the admin panel yet.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah, it's in the admin panel. I'll show you.
Adam Harrison: It's just a feature flag.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah, I'll make a guide and send it to you from the airport.
Adam Harrison: All right, thank you. Thank you. But yeah, we've. We've already identified like, hey, Beverly, you're seeing this person on Wednesday. Like, let's run this person through job site. But we need your payer docs first. So.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah, I just want to make sure that we're getting her to do some behavior, you know, while we're also waiting on these docs.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, we are. And she. I got her set up on patient billing, so she really liked that we could store credit card on file. I got her set up with Becca on the E prescribed, which she loved, by the way. So we're still like kind of, I think, similar to Valcourt. We're. We're. Yes. It's taken a while, but we're kind of providing value along the way. So I feel okay about her relative to some of the other ones.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Okay. And Brittany sounds like we're the closest to actually like running and taking, you know, because the thing we just want to get is this percentage take rate, you know. So are we going to do that with first?
Adam Harrison: So Brittany, I have basically where I am is like steady is set up. I got her payer docs, which Jackson, I don't know if you need like her payer docs for any reason or not, but. I can. We can, like, put them into her account. The next step. Okay, I'm meeting with her today, and there's kind of three goals. One is I need to get the patients that she wants that, like, are her patients that we're billing for. We need to, like, identify those and get the data transfer process underway. That's 1, 2. We need to do ERA enrollment. I have, like, initiated that process through steady, and it will either be like, a few days to set up if she already has this, like, certain account set up that is used for the payment processing, or according to steady, it could be like, a week or two if she has not done that yet. So that is something I want to just get the ball rolling on immediately.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Is that for one. That's for one pair.
Adam Harrison: She only has one pair. It's like HealthLink, which is like a network. Yeah. So that. That. I think she's, like, a perfect test case. And I think she'll also be a good. It'll be a good experiment with her to see, like, how quickly can we actually get someone to go live. Like, I met with her last week. I would love to get. Start doing billing for her this week and be getting eras EFTs back. Nate. I don't know for her because she is an 8% one. If you want to do the, like, Mercury account thing with her.
Nathan Peereboom: Yep.
Adam Harrison: I do think, though, that may add some setup time because we. I think it may add, like, a little bit of setup time for my understanding, because we'll need to, like, if she already has a bank account thing set up, it may take a few weeks to, like, re. Confirm that with HealthLink or not. I'm not sure that's, like, my sense, but
Nathan Peereboom: I would just say, like, it's just a question that you probably have to ask her, and she probably doesn't know. My guess is that you're going to have to go to, like, the helping portal and, like, either call HealthLink or, like, look at the little, like, account form in that portal that allows you to change where the money goes. I. It's weird to me that that would not be an instantaneous thing because it's just switching numbers. But. But yeah, I think it all. It all depends what you want to do there.
Adam Harrison: Okay. Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: Like, I mean, it's a judgment call at the end of the day. Like, the most important thing is that we start billing with her and we can say, hey, we're going to start billing this week. But we also, like, you know, need to start the ball on, like, changing your bank account over. I'm positive that when you decide to change your bank account, you don't go through this weird blank period where they don't pay you for several months. So even if it's the kind of thing where you're like, hey, we start them, like, we get the bills going concurrently, we do the bank account switch starting in April. We're going to own the money coming through. That's fine. But. But don't let it be this thing where that's like, super processy where like, hey, we're not going to bill until, you know, the bank accounts, you know. Yeah.
Jackson Bierfeldt: So we might just eat. Eat. We're not going to take our fee for the first couple, and that's fine. Just to get things going.
Nathan Peereboom: No, we. We're going to take the fee first for the. And this is true for the 4% and the 6% plans, we take our fee based on the era. So at 8%, we take our fee based on the money that actually comes into the bank account, which is more beneficial to the client. Because we have a theory that sometimes, you know, payments lag or, you know, payments are adjusted after the era. That's totally non confirmed. But. But for the 4 and 6%, we take from the. We. We pull the fee from the era, we charge it basically through stripe, and we're going to do that for the first part of Brittany's billing as well.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Okay.
Adam Harrison: Yeah. I think from my understanding, she'll just continue to get paid in her prior bank account until they, like, validate the new one, which may take a few weeks, so we can just probably start that process.
Nathan Peereboom: And, Adam, the core thing to get her to start using is the patient payment thing. But she should be sending every patient bill through our portal right now.
Adam Harrison: We're going to be sending it, right? Because she's on a percent.
Nathan Peereboom: Yes. But we should get her set up in Stripe Connect so we can pay her and all that Jazz.
Adam Harrison: Oh, you mean like connecting her bank account and all that?
Adam Harrison: Yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay. I'll have to check on her. I can't remember if I did that already or not to look at it.
Nathan Peereboom: Great.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, she's. That's done already?
Adam Harrison: Yeah, yeah, she has Stripe already done.
Nathan Peereboom: Oh, sweet. Okay, great, Great. Then. Then you're good.
Adam Harrison: We did that on our first call. Okay. But yeah, she's one I am excited about Nate. The only other one I wanted to just make. I know we're over time, but, like, Angie. Can we talk about Angie? Because we're kicking off today.
Nathan Peereboom: You guys are kicking off today? Not tomorrow.
Adam Harrison: It's tonight. It looks like.
Nathan Peereboom: Ah. Okay. Yeah, let me. Let's see. Let me pull up her profile. I think you guys probably saw this, but I. Made a little git repository that exposes profile folders for each person that I'm handing over to y'. All. So you guys can go in there and read the, the, like a fairly extensive profile, see what the communications have been, yada, yada yada. Let me show you in general what that looks like so you can, you can just feel oriented to it. Okay. So you guys get exposure to pipeline and prospects. Those are the only two things that are get exposed. So you can always see, you know, a tracker of all the people that I'm chasing. And then for a prospect, like if you wanted to see Angie, let's see, what is she under? Oh yeah, here it is. Angela Corbin. You can see all like her front messages, imessages I've had with her calendar, invites we've gone through, and then if you click profile, you can see her whole profile. So let's see. And this is a combination of both of, of Chris and I chatting with her.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Hey, Nate, sorry, I have to get out of the car in two minutes at the airport. Can you just give me the TLDR and what we need? Like what are our action steps here?
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, I think I'm, I'm not fully recalling, so I'm. This is why I'm reviewing it in front of you guys.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Okay, got it.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, I think that this is a fairly bread and butter. Like. She's been doing her own billing. She then closed her in person practice due to billing frustrations. So she's doing telehealth only. But like she's got a bunch of money stuck in Tebra purgatory that I think we want to probably chase or at least understand what happened. We also, oh, this is really important context. So I experimented with something where we are paying her $1,000 in jot psych credit if she gets us every single thing we need to get started before Friday. So Adam, you should basically like remind her of that. And we're also going to do a jot bill, like a jot or sorry, a jot. A jot analysis so you don't have to do that. That'll be on me. But you're going to extract every single document, remind her of this thousand dollars thing. I think she wants to use our, our job tool as well. But the experiment here is really what happens when we give someone, you know, when we give someone a financial incentive to, to move really fast. So this is the language in her contract. So if she basically, like, gets all of this done, she gives us EHR credentials, NPI, tax identification, parent enrollment information. Within seven calendar days of February 20th, we're going to give her $1,000 applicable to any part of our services. She also wants to do a client, like a transfer from her EHR to jot Psych. So Lee is doing that, I believe, on Wednesday. We're still charging her the 300, but again, that thousand dollars kicks back for it and we're waiving our her job, no fee. So. So I think it's pretty, pretty straightforward for you, Adam, but just like, understand that, like, we just want to move like super, super, super fast with her, which is why we set this whole thing up.
Adam Harrison: Got it. Just in the future, so if I need to get like, a summary of like, kind of the tldr, what I would need to know for onboarding, what's the best way for me to do that? Like, I know you have this CRM thing. Do I need to.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Guys, I gotta jump off, but I'll be on.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, bye. Yeah, I would. Did you get the git repository?
Adam Harrison: I did. I haven't set it up yet, but I got the E invite.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. So I would set it up and then you can use Claude code and literally just be like, give me. Sorry, let me share this present something else window. You can literally just be like, give me the tldr.
Nathan Peereboom: Or just be like, Angela Corbin just signed her msa. Give me the tldr.
Adam Harrison: Okay, great.
Nathan Peereboom: And then it'll go through, find everything and give you, like, whatever you want. But you can interact with this completely dynamically. So all of your questions, I would say, should go through a Claude code version.
Adam Harrison: Okay, that's great.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah.
Adam Harrison: Awesome.
Nathan Peereboom: Yep. And so what happens is I update this. Anytime I, like, have a real interaction with someone, I update it and the whole thing gets hydrated and you have a recurringly like, like improved view. You can even be like, I would. You should. You should have your own, like, little harness situation where you're like, give me like, a talk track for this next meeting.
Adam Harrison: That's. That's what I'm going to set up today. And I'll plug this into that.
Nathan Peereboom: Great. Yeah, that makes sense. Cool. Sweet, sweet, sweet. Well, let's just talk through. So we talked about. Oh, Tracy is also on now. So does Tracy have set up with you? When is Tracy setup? Up.
Adam Harrison: I don't have Tracy on my calendar.
Nathan Peereboom: Yep. I have to set up Tracy.
Adam Harrison: You have her at 5:30, it looks like.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, but that's for the jot. Jot. No. So I'll have to set up time with her. But just be aware that I'm probably going to do the same thousand doll thing with her just because I think we really want to get this kickstarted within a week.
Adam Harrison: Cool.
Nathan Peereboom: So, yeah, that's just something to be aware of.
Adam Harrison: Sweet.
Nathan Peereboom: Sweet. All right. Anything else?
Adam Harrison: No, I think that's everything.
Nathan Peereboom: All right, cool. Dude, go get it. Oh, one thing. Can you please send me the grain from our conversation yesterday? I feel like we've done a sort of retro yesterday, but also today, and I just want to package it up and, like, put it in our channel so all three of us see it. Do you mind just sending me that grain? I don't see it in our. In our group. Grain.
Adam Harrison: Let me look. I don't see it either for some reason, but
Nathan Peereboom: we definitely had a grain in there, right? Go, go. When you say when you click meetings, click jock psych instead. So maybe it's under someone else's. Like, maybe it's under Jackson's or something. That's so weird. What time did we have that call?
Adam Harrison: I'm sure we had it, though.
Nathan Peereboom: We definitely had a grain in there, right?
Adam Harrison: I think we did.
Nathan Peereboom: That's so confusing. Damn. Okay, well, that's a bummer because we. I felt, like, really got somewhere helpful on that conversation. Okay. All right, well, if you. If it comes up mysteriously, I don't know how it would.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, that's. I am very confused. I'll do a little more digging, see if it's hidden somewhere.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, no worries. Adam. Thank you. Appreciate it. Time to jump in.
Adam Harrison: All right, let's jump in.
Nathan Peereboom: All right, see you.