Nathan Peereboom: But I guess to start out Aryan, I think that Chris. Chris just got in touch with Becca and I. Did he reach out to you?
Aryan Jain: Yeah, we talked about, like, 30 minutes ago.
Nathan Peereboom: Ah, okay, cool. Wow, Daniel, definitely the. The foggiest of video qualities I've seen.
Daniel Chadda: Yeah, I don't know what's going on here,
Nathan Peereboom: but, Arian, I would say if you, like, don't want to join for this, you, like, don't have to, because I think we're just gonna, like, pull you off this. You can be, like, fully focused on Chris's project. Obviously, you're always welcome to, like, stay and contribute, but it's not expected if that. If that frees you up for other stuff.
Aryan Jain: Cool. Yeah, I think I probably just spend majority of my time on Chris's stuff and.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, awesome. Yeah, that sounds good. And afterwards, we'll pull you back into the analytics stuff, so don't worry. There's enough of it to go. All right, bye.
Becca Bressler: Hey.
Nathan Peereboom: All right, guys, I'm gonna go off video. I just. Becca's gonna be quarterbacking this project, but. But I'll be. I'll be keeping one ear open, so thanks for joining.
Becca Bressler: Hey, guys. How's it going?
Daniel Chadda: Good. How are you?
Becca Bressler: Good, good, good. Happy Monday evening. Did both of you guys get a chance to read the memo? And if not. I did. Yeah. Alex.
Alex Nikolaev: Yep, I did too.
Becca Bressler: Okay, cool. So I don't need to, like, go into every single detail here, but I think Nate outlined this, like, super well. Just the key thing we want to understand here are the critical behaviors that users take in our software that lead to conversions. There's obviously a lot of different, like, features AI edit, you know, are people using the calendar, etc. But I feel like thus far, we've done a lot of, like, correlative stuff and don't have, like, a really clear picture of what behaviors lead to conversions. So do you guys have, like, specific questions that I can address based on this memo? I think one thing that needs to come out of this is defining the time span that we're looking at. And I actually just want to. Let me share my screen for a second. So there. There's, like, a little bit of color to add here, you guys, which is just, like, talk more specifically or actually, before I get into specifics, do you guys have any questions that you want me to answer?
Alex Nikolaev: My question will be about just when we're going about this first phase of doing that qualitative review, like, what we care the most about detecting and just paying attention to. But that can be saved for later.
Becca Bressler: Okay, great question. Okay, can you see my screen? Okay, so. So something to. So these are trial starts by week. So you're able to see like the percentage of active conversions, etc. Canceled. And one thing to note about the week that I think we should choose is obviously we need to choose or a period of time, not necessarily a week, where everyone has had an opportunity to convert who started trialing. One wrinkle I want to throw into the mix here, but I actually think could be particularly interesting is you both may know this, but we had two different AI edit features. Are both of you familiar with that? How? We had like our initial V1 editor that people used and it was like on the section level and then we rolled out an AI chat bot editor.
Alex Nikolaev: I know I'm the most familiar with the first one. I have seen how like the, the interface has changed, but I think I do know what you're talking about. Yeah.
Becca Bressler: Okay. So the events are different first off. So like what, what event you would find when someone uses one of these edit features is different. But I think maybe even just like more importantly is that there's like a solid feature, several weeks where user, some users were on one editor and some users were on a different editor. That said, we're looking at trialers. So I actually need to, now that I'm like saying this out loud, give you the date of when all new trialers would have been given this first editor. So I will do that after this call because I'm just realizing if we're restricting it to trialers, then this is not an issue that some people were on our old editor. But yeah, okay, so the key thing that I'll do after this is like define the actual window that we want to be looking at for this period. And it's going to be like more than one 10 day span or whatever because as you can see, there's a lot of variance across weeks. So we want to get something that is sort of a little like normalized. Alex, can you restate your question for me?
Alex Nikolaev: Yeah, I guess thinking over again, I think it might be a good idea to like procedurally go in and select who we're viewing for the replays. Maybe it'd be a good idea to like, you know, identify a group of people who did convert. Right. And like identify the user id, go through if there are replays available, see how they interacted and then compare that to people who didn't convert. Right. That was like the, that's like a larger overview. I guess the overarching theme that I want to ask about. And then also, like, on the memo, it talked a lot about, like, measuring, like, time to first value. Right? So. That can be measured, I think through the data. Being able to detect the time between specific events, that can be quantitatively and definitively measured. Is that something we also want to consider when we're doing these qualitative replays? Or it's more of just behavior, mouse movement, mouse clicks and stuff that's not recorded in, in metabase? I feel like it might be like a trivial question, but.
Becca Bressler: Yeah, sorry, do you mind? I don't totally understand. Are you saying don't. Are you wondering whether or not you should factor in like the time element to what you're viewing in statsig videos?
Alex Nikolaev: Yeah, just like. Because based on like what was said in the, in the chat, right, like this first two days is going to be purely like video review versus the. The latter part is like numbers oriented. So yeah, I really just want to know where to be prioritizing my time when looking for certain behaviors when going through these videos. Does that kind of clarify what I was asking for?
Becca Bressler: Yeah, I mean, if I'm understanding it correctly, I think the method you laid out makes sense. Which is just like identifying users who did convert, who didn't convert, etc. I mean, you actually don't need to do it in that direction either because like you could put into stats, take a time frame and look at all like signups within that time frame. Right. And afterwards, oh, what happened to my screen? See, they're like conversion status. But I don't know if I don't know that I'm answering your question, Alex. So I'm a little concerned that I'm not or answering your.
Alex Nikolaev: Yeah, yeah, I guess just, I mean, in comparison to, to what, to what I did, like for the previous project, I. All I did was I went through, I filtered for like events where it was like, you know, less than one day from signing up. Right. I didn't really selectively choose like, you know, what type of user to observe for their behavior in this one. I think it'd be a better idea to selectively choose that. But then also when, when doing the actual review, like are there particular, like, are there like maybe specific behaviors? I should be like looking for more and like, you know, noting down versus not. Yeah, yeah.
Becca Bressler: I mean, I think that because the memo is looking into multiple different like features that we want to like be tracking the whether or not those are like conversion leading factor. Like, I think that means that there's like a different number. It's more than just like first recording. Right? So it's like AI edit. Edit usage within the first like day. Or whatever of some of these new users. Like. Yeah, I would. I would also be looking for the qualitative picture of those other factors as well, of those other features as well that we're pulling into analysis. Yeah.
Alex Nikolaev: Then maybe it's a good idea to like, between, you know, the conversion and non conversion groups. Like break that down into people who even touched like these three or you know, three or like a small list of features that we really care about and then examine that and then compare that to people who like didn't touch it. Like just trying to make sure it's like procedurally go about like you know, viewing what they. Viewing specific videos.
Becca Bressler: Yeah, I do think there's like some cohorting involved in this that I actually think was broken out a little bit in the memo itself itself. So like features to analyze, like AI Edit being one of them. Template customizations, PDF upload for template creation. So I think like these are the things that you're going to want to be looking into as like some of the key actions associated with these accounts. Does that make sense?
Alex Nikolaev: Yeah, yeah, for sure. And then like in the back, in the back of my mind I was thinking like we would have to go through Metabase and do some work to, to grab all these groups. But I'm thinking, I mean I haven't like used statistic that much besides like that simple filter. Are you aware if like this is all possible to do within statsig?
Becca Bressler: Yes. So the way that you could find this out. Great question. I mean we should have these events in static. The best way for you to figure out though like what you're looking for. Let me share my screen. Screen. Sorry, I have to log into everything because I cleared my cookies. Okay, so the best way to do this is if you go to. Let's see, one second. Sorry. Like always forget which one this is. Users. Oh yeah, the log stream. So for both of you guys, if you give me your email address, I can tell you what your user ID is. And so what you would do is you would say filter by your own user id. What are we doing? Property. This is how I usually do it. So now I'm a little. These are custom. Let's see. Oh, okay. User id. And then I would put in your user ID here and apply it. And so what you can do is you can click around jot psych and then see a stream of your own. Clicks. Right. So here I. I can do it really quickly. Let me just get mine up. Sorry, like literally logged out of everything. So. Here, let me. I'm actually not going to go through these steps right now, but like, of getting my own. But let me see if I can find one.
Alex Nikolaev: Just to clarify, like, what's the value you see in like just looking at, looking at our own stuff? It'll just like get familiarized with just how it works.
Becca Bressler: Oh, sorry. If the question is like, how do I know what to look for in statsig? As far as the event goes, the way that I typically do it is I will like, I will filter on my own user ID and then I will do actions in jot psych. So I will like click the document upload, I will click the AI, I will use the AI chat editor and by seeing what events come through, that's how you can figure out like, oh, okay, note, viewed is what it's called. Right? Like this is. So then when you go into session replays, you can then like filter it by that event. Does that make sense?
Alex Nikolaev: Oh, got it, got it. Yeah, I see what you mean. Yeah. Yep.
Becca Bressler: So it's just like a process thing for as you're trying to isolate the different events that you're wanting to look into for first users.
Daniel Chadda: Okay, Becca, are there any other like key actions beyond like the AI chat editor and like you mentioned, with the like PDF template upload, are there any other kind of key actions you're looking for or that you would like, stand out?
Becca Bressler: That's a great question. I mean, I think our AI editor feature templates is key, but what I would say is not to just restrict yourself to like document uploads with templates. There are multiple different ways that people can customize templates. And so I would want to see like a more holistic picture of the way people are just using template customization. From my view, there are other features so I might actually throw into the mix, like the document generator, for instance. So let me share my screen. That. That said, you know, I think like one of the key parts of this assignment is that we're not just like looking for correlation, we're looking at things that like, really drive adoption of the software. And so I do think customization and the different ways people can customize is probably the way that we'll get closest to it. But hold on a second. Do you know the document generator, Daniel?
Daniel Chadda: I'm. The document generator, I'm not too familiar with.
Daniel Chadda: I remember seeing it, like, on job site once. I, like, made my first account, but I haven't, like, used it myself.
Becca Bressler: Yeah, no worries. Here, let me. Oh, no. Hey, Alex.
Alex Nikolaev: Yep.
Becca Bressler: Do you happen to have a jot psych thing up that you can show? I have logged into so many different test accounts that my job site is now on the fritz.
Alex Nikolaev: Yeah, I just tried logging in, but I'm stuck with, like, a loading screen right now.
Becca Bressler: Oh, are you dealing with this as well? All right, hold on.
Alex Nikolaev: Yeah. Are you also stuck with, like, a loading screen?
Becca Bressler: Yes. Mine is, though. Kind of, like spinning in a very weird, frantic way. Let me see if I can do this on incognito.
Alex Nikolaev: This author's taking longer than expected.
Becca Bressler: Are you still struggling to get in as well, Alex?
Alex Nikolaev: Oh, okay. Wait, here. It works. Now. Let me. I can share my screen if you want.
Becca Bressler: Yeah. Thank you. Sorry, I don't know. My account is not allowing me to get in.
Alex Nikolaev: All good. All right. Here. Cool.
Becca Bressler: Yeah. So if you go to a note or a patient, but let's do patient. So if you see at the bottom, there's a document generator. So this is of our other features, something that we do notice gets, like, quite a bit of use where people can generate documents using this AI tool. That said, other than what's listed, other than this, I would stick to what's listed in the memo as, like, the key events to be looking at.
Daniel Chadda: Okay.
Becca Bressler: Oh, yeah, yeah.
Alex Nikolaev: This might be, like, a little. Yeah, Just question about, like, for when. When we have a replay of a certain user in statsig, does that mean that, like, there are no barriers to reporting all of their interactions with the website?
Becca Bressler: That's a great question. We do not get. We do not collect all video footage of all user interaction in statsig.
Alex Nikolaev: Do you guys, like, kind of throttle the amount that you guys record?
Becca Bressler: We get it for free. Free, basically from static. So it's not something that we've, like, paid for or signed up for or have set any of those kind of terms. So it's just kind of like we take what we can get.
Alex Nikolaev: Gotcha. I was asking because it'd be good. It'd be interesting to, like, you know, for a given user right, over this entire week, examine every single one of their. Examine every single one of their interactions and. And how that plays out.
Becca Bressler: Yeah, no, totally.
Becca Bressler: It's unfortunately, like, not as exhaustive of a picture as we would like it to be, but. Yeah, Gotcha.
Alex Nikolaev: Okay.
Becca Bressler: Anything else, guys?
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, one thing. I'm sorry. Go on.
Alex Nikolaev: No, no, sorry. Go ahead, please.
Nathan Peereboom: In terms of tooling, are you guys using Claude code for this?
Alex Nikolaev: When I went through the replays, I didn't really need to use code to figure out how to go about it. But yeah, if I. If I have, like, any questions, I would like, probably. I've been using, like, Gemini in general.
Nathan Peereboom: So, yeah, I'm wondering if it would make sense for me to do like, a little bit of, like, a, like, teaching on how to use Claude code to its greatest extent for analytics activities. I've been doing this a bunch because we're analyzing, like, the billing data of some of the people we're trying to get on job Bill. And I really am a believer that it's like, the new way to do analytics. I can just show you guys what I'm doing right now if it's helpful. If you guys want to see, we could take like, 20. Let me just check my calendar. One sec.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, I could take like, 20 minutes and just, like, rip through, like, a really, really fast primer in it. In my view, it's like, hugely, hugely helpful. But. But I kind of defer to the three of you, you know, in terms of your interest.
Daniel Chadda: I think, for me would be very helpful. Like, when I was using Metabase initially, they have a feature where it's like a very simple UI and you can make, like, basic prompts. But I think that using their, like, coding function and actually, like, doing the SQL yourself, like, you can uncover deeper, like, insights. So I was using Gemini to, like, kind of help me out with that. But, you know, I'm sure Claude is, like, even more functional. So for me, it would be pretty helpful.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay. Becca, do you have 20 minutes to roll here?
Becca Bressler: Yeah, I would totally want to stand for it.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, I'm just going to start out by. Walking everyone through how I organize the space. And then what I thought would be fun is let's pick one data set and actually try and build something together. So I'm going to take probably seven minutes. I'm going to dump at you like, hey, these are all the bizarro things that I do. And then what I would like is for everyone to download Visual Studio code, get Claude code in Visual Studio, and then let's pick a fun data set, honestly, outside of job site, and try and do something interesting with it. How does that sound?
Alex Nikolaev: Yeah, sounds great.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, before I start, show of hands, who's using Visual Studio right now for things outside of coding? No. Who has used Visual Studio code? Alex.
Becca Bressler: You have it on my computer. I have it on my computer, but I have not used it in many, many months.
Nathan Peereboom: But you use Claude code, and Claude code sits in Visual Studio code, right?
Becca Bressler: I don't use cloud code.
Nathan Peereboom: Oh, you're a cursor person.
Becca Bressler: Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, gotcha. And then, Daniel, what about you? What's your drug of choice here when it comes to coding?
Daniel Chadda: Yeah, I have not used Claude code or Visual Studio code. Yeah. Much. At all.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, cool. All right, so I'm gonna go here and just show you guys what I'm working on right now. So right now I am. Let me. Let me tell you the problem and, like, how I approached it. So my problem was we went to see this company called Valcor. Valcor has. It's like, there's so much context to hold in your head. Like, we've met with them probably like five to six times. We have all sorts of data from their ehr. We have all sorts of data from, you know, different, like, you know, random things that we've done with them. And so what I wanted was a place where I could centralize all that data and then do both analytical activities and also writing activities based on it. So I built this notebook and I basically said, all right, I have data. I need a context document to, like, just always be able to, like, prompt the AI. I kind of want a timeline that, like, allows me to, like, see what's happened in the past. And then I want something that's automatically, like, creating an index of all the data I have. And I wanted to be able to, like, drop in meetings and stuff like that too. So I wanted to be able to, like, just throw in grain videos and, you know, just have the transcripts. So what quad code essentially does, the way to, like, understand it is that it allows you to. Operate a private AI. And I mean, this is not actually technically correct, but the way the metaphor I would think about it is it's a private, high context control AI environment where anytime that I chat with Claude code, I can modify, reference and extract from the exact database that I'm creating through this file folder. Now, this file folder, it literally just sits on. It just sits on my computer here. Wait, let me present something else. I'm just going to share my entire screen here so you guys can see this. This folder, it's just a normal folder. It just sits here, regular, normal files. When I want to work with it, I simply go up to file open, open folder. Where do I find it? Whatever, there's an open folder button and then I go from there and I can play with it. So the cool thing about this, like, if I were doing this project, if I were in your shoes, what I would do is I'd basically like, copy this exact structure. And then I would say I would then like, take like all the grain video, like the grain video of this call, as well as like a bunch of different metabase things and be like, all right, first, like, start out, like, look at the grain call and write the context document. And I'd also upload like the, the sow, you know, so I'd have like, the document from notion, I'd have like the transcript from this conversation. Then I'd have like a bunch of metabase things. So I'd be like, write the context document. What are we trying to figure out? Then I'd be like, all right, now go read the top of every single data document, tell me what we have, and then three, propose a bunch of scripts for getting to like, a good answer. So for this one, for example, like, you know, I took a bunch of scripts from. Or, sorry, a bunch of meetings that we had with Valcor. And then I was like, hey, we need to figure out a bunch of stuff about their billing.
Nathan Peereboom: Here's the context. And then, you know, write a polished billing analytics context document. So it gives the project overview what the timeline has been, who the provider is, the key personnel, like, who all the, you know, who's within the clinic, who they pay with, you know, whatever. And then I'm able to say, hey, this is like the data folder. And you can literally type it. You can just be like, the data folder has all the data, like, come up with a way to answer the questions in the context using Python scripts. Store the scripts in the scripts folder and show me human readable answers in the output. Inputs folder. So I'm not going to run this right now because I just did. But what's cool is that like I can go to, you know, I can go to this and I can actually get like a nice readout, you know, like where it's actually like overviewing, you know, all the things that might be going wrong. It's giving me like, you know, an analysis of like, I mean, everything that I'm asking in the context document, it's actually going through and giving me really good answers for. And then I can either reinforce that or question it or add more documents or rerun the whole thing. But I think what I, what my point is is that like this is truly the best way to problem solve with AI because you can over like a week, you can build like an environment that is just a hundred times richer than your general chatgpt instance. So anyways, that's my plug.
Nathan Peereboom: I think that it'd be fun just to like muddle through. I mean like I just monologued it, you guys, for like 10 minutes. But like, let's just like muddle through an interesting data question together and like see if we can get to an answer. And just for the sake of things, let's like do it outside of John Psych. Just so it's like, you know, we have to find a data set that, that is a little further away and maybe like a news article and like, I don't know, we can like play a little bit before we go there.
Alex Nikolaev: Just have a question like with the, with your data, like these are CSV files, right? Like, like where is this data coming from? And it doesn't really matter in this particular instance, but if I wanted to bring a bunch of stuff from Metabase over, that means downloading all those old information as CSV, bringing it over into the VS code and proceeding with all this stuff here. And I guess don't necessarily have to be written, they don't need to be written in SQL because the names and stuff of databases and, and everything that's already in the device, like wouldn't matter if you have everything in a CSV here.
Nathan Peereboom: You could literally do whatever you want. Alex, like the other day, Here, I'll show you. I was trying to build this like little thing for our customer support and so. Oops. So what I did was I literally, I attached all of the. Or here, I'll just show you the RCM acquisition. I attached all the APIs for like notion and Google Drive. And you can do this with Metabase too. And I just said, like, hey, anytime you do a task, extract the keywords and then go into Notion and my Google Drive, pull in the files through API that are relevant for you and use those as context. So you can, you can like totally do that as well. And it's way more flexible than just like CSVs or, you know, verse, Python or. You can do literally everything in here. You can write emails, you can write Slack messages, you can do APIs, you can drop in CSVs. This environment is. In computer world infinite and unbounded, there's nothing that you could do on a computer that you can't do in quad code. And so you should think about it, like, way more expansively than like, oh, this is like an engine that's like kind of one or two steps away from Metabase, or, you know, this is some version of like an application like Excel. Like, the unlock here is that it ingests, holds and. And dialogues with literally any type of data or digital information.
Alex Nikolaev: Gotcha. Are you able to, like, clear the context. The context window, like, in this chat? Because, like, I mean, I'm seeing right now it's like 82% used, right? Like, like what happens when you get to 100% usage there?
Nathan Peereboom: Oh, when you get to a hundred percent, it basically like crams down everything and then it. And then it starts. It starts this over. So it just.
Nathan Peereboom: It does a context reduction. So here's what I'm gonna do. I'm gonna say store all this data in the or store the recent activities in the timeline and save everything. So what I'm going to do is I'm going to quickly store all that and then let's all get on Visual Studio Code and just try and do something together and see where we get.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, everyone should right now go and open up Visual Studio Code. So if you don't have Visual Studio Code, go find it online. It's free, it's made by Microsoft. Download it.
Nathan Peereboom: If you've already done that, go to Claude and get the Claude code extension. What I'm going to do is I'm going to quit Visual Studio Code and start with something else. And let me know if you guys need like, any. Any help or support as you're going through this.
Alex Nikolaev: Does it require a subscription?
Nathan Peereboom: No, it should be free. Oh, Claude code will, though. But yeah, you should just use your job site card for that.
Alex Nikolaev: Okay.
Nathan Peereboom: This is weirdly, like, the one thing that I always find hard. Like, how do you just, like, get started in collectors? Just like, go here. Okay, wait, Becca, I'm going to force you to give us a question that you want us to answer with data right now.
Becca Bressler: Okay, interesting.
Nathan Peereboom: Unquestioned. Can't. Can't have anything to do with job psych. It can be a health care question, but
Becca Bressler: question to answer with data right now. How often does New York City get 12 to 18 inches of snow?
Nathan Peereboom: Let's go. Okay, so I guess should I start or should. Let's all get on Visual Studio code. Let's all get on that. But, Becca, that is an awesome question. That's so fun.
Becca Bressler: Relevant, too, I would say relevant.
Nathan Peereboom: Totally. Becca, do you have Visual Studio code and Claude code set up?
Becca Bressler: Yeah, I do.
Nathan Peereboom: Awesome. Alex.
Alex Nikolaev: I'm getting the cloud account right now.
Nathan Peereboom: Awesome. Daniel?
Daniel Chadda: Mine is stuck on downloading, but I'll follow along for right now, and then as soon as it's done, I can catch up.
Becca Bressler: Nate, can I ask you a truly Boomer question? I months ago, wanted to create a pizza rat game, so that's why I have this. But, like, how do I.
Nathan Peereboom: How do you get out of it? No, honestly, I have the exact same problem. I'll show you how I do it, which is super janky, which is that I basically just open a random new text file and then I make what's called a harness. Okay. Step one is you want to make what's called a harness. So the harness is just the folder environment that you're going to choose to play in, but usually you have to, like, start in another one. It's kind of annoying. I, I, I have the exact same boomer question, Becca.
Nathan Peereboom: It's like, kind of not. Okay, so here's what I'm doing.
Becca Bressler: Okay.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, go on.
Alex Nikolaev: I have a solution to this. What I do is I go to file, click on file on the top, and then do like, go to folder. Or like, should be open folder. And once you open a folder, you can, like, select a different like area. So say you have a different script stored in some other folder on your laptop. If you click that, it'll open that in a brand new. It should change your workspace there. No, no, that's awesome.
Nathan Peereboom: That's exactly how you should do it.
Becca Bressler: Okay, great. Yeah, I just created a new folder then because I didn't have anything to. Yeah, great.
Alex Nikolaev: Yeah, so if you do that and then select it, it should. Yeah, Open folder.
Nathan Peereboom: Nice. Oh, that was amazing. Okay, great.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, so what I'm going to do is, you know, step one, build the harness. So I'm going to say I need to build a harness in Claude code to. Investigate weather patterns in New York City. Need your help. I want to be able to. What do we probably need? We probably need to load a bunch of weather data through API or through CSV files. Particularly interested in snowfall, but don't be too specific. I then need a context doc and a guide to run and prompt to run. Guide from which to run. Bunch of Python scripts that output the right amount. My primary question is Becca, what's the primary question?
Becca Bressler: How often New York City gets 12 to 18 inches of snow?
Nathan Peereboom: Of snow. Okay, so let's see if this works. So it's going to like go through its whole process. On the side I might be like looking at like weather APIs, but it's going to do like a lot of that web searching for me. One thing about this is we don't have. Okay, interesting. What's your preferred data source for New York City weather? Snowfall data? Becca, what's your preferred source?
Becca Bressler: That first one.
Nathan Peereboom: All right, time range. How far back should we look?
Becca Bressler: 10 years?
Nathan Peereboom: 30 years. 30 years. That's conservative. Some answers. So sometimes it'll just give you these like checklists.
Alex Nikolaev: Um, yeah, that's really, that's really impressive. I've never like seen it like that before. Like any other AI.
Nathan Peereboom: I mean when you combine the fact that you can like pull in something as unstructured as like a grain conversation, like it's just like mind numbing, like how incredible it is. See? Auto accept. All right, let's see what it's about to do. Oh my gosh. It's got, it's, it's going crazy. Project structure, plan, data loading. Okay, so I One recommendation. This is like, this is like the key thing to remember when you guys. Are working with AI, There are, like, basically three things that you bring to AI. One is agency, so knowing what you want. Two is context setting, so knowing, like, what information you need to, like, make sure is available and, like, creating guardrails. And three is attention to detail and editing and quality control. Those are the three skills of working with AI. Agency, context setting and editing or. Or proofreading. So anytime you get something like this, you want to kind of read it. It's tempting to not read it, but you should read it. And. But. And you usually have time because it takes a little while for. For this whole thing. Wonder if there's any other interesting data that would be. Becky, you might have chosen, like, a large and challenging one. We have to. Do we need an API key or does it just let us go right in? It might literally let us just, like, tap directly into it. Okay, so I think you guys are seeing it. Are you doing it on your side? You guys should be playing with it or, like, just doing kind of the same thing on your side, riffing on it. Throw in, like, I don't know, like, whatever you guys feel is, like, interesting or helpful, but, like, really, you just want to get in the pattern of, like, I have folders. I can put whatever I want in them. And then I have this chat window that I can use to build.
Alex Nikolaev: Yeah, I. I really want to. Looks so fun. I'm stuck on this, like, Wheel of Death, like, on. On Claude onboarding for some reason. I gotta figure out what's going on.
Daniel Chadda: I had the same issue. It's like.
Alex Nikolaev: Yeah, it's not even responding.
Nathan Peereboom: Huh.
Alex Nikolaev: Wait, Nate, can you just try going to Claude AI like, on online?
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, it seems to be working okay on my side.
Alex Nikolaev: It's really weird. Okay. Yeah, it worked on a different Google account, just not the jaws like one.
Daniel Chadda: That's strange.
Alex Nikolaev: Let me just clear cache.
Nathan Peereboom: All right, Becca, I'm gonna. As. As Claude is, like, working through, I'm gonna ask you to make a, like, introduce a piece of, like, basically subjective preference here. Like, Either, like the way you want to see the data or something that, you know that that puts a little bit of wrinkle in this.
Becca Bressler: Wrinkle how? I want to see the data because, like a graph is probably very easy for Claude. How creative should I get? Like, what if I want the data represented in like a snowflake fractal arrangement?
Nathan Peereboom: Okay.
Becca Bressler: I love it.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah.
Becca Bressler: That is so good.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, so this is going to finish and then see creating the. Read me. This is very close to being done. Crunching, scheming.
Nathan Peereboom: They really got cute with these things. One problem. I just talked to Becca. She has some str. Can you please review and output preferences and let's scroll and. Okay, while that's happening, let's go get our little token. To gain access, register with your email address and email will be sent with a unique token that will allow you restful access. Alex, I have the sense that you will at some point go down the rabbit hole of doing this with stock stuff. I did. I. I went down that rabbit hole too.
Alex Nikolaev: How'd it turn out?
Nathan Peereboom: Well, no, it was, it was really fun because you can just qualitatively run tests. You can just be like, oh, like, what if I. My big question has always been if you believe that an index is, you know, if you're super bullish long term on the index, like, is there a strong reason not to buy just like the triple levered version of it? And so you. I was like running all these experiments of like, well, what if you only bought the, you know, the.
Nathan Peereboom: What if you bought conservatively when you know, you were kind of grinding on like a bull market. But like, you know, if you were ever in correction territory, you bought like the 3x derivative version. Like, you know, you can just do like experiments like that, like way faster.
Alex Nikolaev: Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: And this. So it's, it's kind of fun. Okay, so we added our API token. Alex, Becca and Daniel, do you guys know how APIs work? Are you familiar with this idea?
Becca Bressler: Roughly. Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, the thing to know about it, just like for everyone's reminder, API is just a pipe of data. It's just a pipe. It's a digital pipe. How do you get access to that? You use an API key or token and you usually save that in what's called a dot ENV file just to make sure that it doesn't get committed when. If you were to upload any of this to GitHub. So if I were to sync this folder with GitHub, everything would go up except the env file. And, and that means that if I got charged, for example, for usage on the API, I wouldn't be at risk of someone stealing that API key and then just like basically stealing my money. That happened to me a few years ago. I, I accidentally uploaded my. I think it was my OpenAI API and like three weeks later I got a bill for like $1,600. Because someone had. Because there are people who scrape through, you know, they'll, they have a web scraper that looks through every public GitHub and just finds anything that looks like an API token. And then they like resell that so people can use it for free or they use it themselves. So I would just say, like, be, be really, really careful if you're using a token where you get charged per usage because it's very dangerous.
Alex Nikolaev: Have you guys.
Nathan Peereboom: This token is totally safe though. Yeah.
Alex Nikolaev: Have you guys gotten like the, like the, the award thing from OpenAI for like token usage? You know how like that was a thing for like McKinsey or whatever?
Alex Nikolaev: Oh my God. Yep.
Nathan Peereboom: We got it. But look, it's got Jackson's audio company on it. Not jot. Psych, sadly.
Alex Nikolaev: Oh, no.
Nathan Peereboom: I know, I know.
Alex Nikolaev: How many tokens?
Nathan Peereboom: 10 billion.
Alex Nikolaev: 10 billion tokens. Wow.
Nathan Peereboom: Isn't that crazy? All right, did you guys get through quad?
Alex Nikolaev: I think I'm right. I'm right there.
Daniel Chadda: I got in. Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: Nice. Okay, and then were you able to open Claude code in Visual Studio Code?
Daniel Chadda: Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, sweet. So why don't you guys just like. Maybe like. The good exercise here is to set up the environment for this particular project. So let's think about all the things you guys need for this project. So you probably need some kind of. You should probably have the. The project scope doc from Notion in there. Just pull it down as a markdown file, save it. Save it in a folder. After this call is done, you're probably going to want to take this grain and chop off the last half and keep everything that's related to, like, what Becca talked about. And then you probably want to pull down things like the event data index, a few metabase things. You want to build a context doc around your hypotheses after you've watched a few statsig videos, yada, yada, yada. But let's see if you guys can make that now. All right, so let me. Let's see if we can get an answer here. Great. Okay, awesome. So we fetched the data analyze snowfall. You ready, Becca? All right, here it is. Oh, look, we got our snowfl. Snow. Snowflake motif.
Becca Bressler: 31 years. Wow. Two times in 31 years. Oh, my God. A true anomaly this weekend. Well, actually, I don't know what the final inch count was, but. Wait. This is so cool.
Nathan Peereboom: Isn't it awesome?
Becca Bressler: Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: I mean, this was like a kind of overkill probably, but I just want people to realize, like, if you just like, are slightly technically adventurous and you know how to use APIs and you know how to use quad code, you. You're like insanely steroided in terms of like, the problem solving you can do. Okay, I'm gonna just let you guys go. Any questions on this?
Alex Nikolaev: Not about Claude, no. One more thing for. For Daniel, I think. I don't know if you guys are good with this, but I think it'd be smart to kind of divide and conquer. Right? Maybe like we kind of specify like what features were each of us are going to be looking at so that we can cover like, and so. So that there's no overlap. Right. I'm. I'm happy to like, talk more about it later like over chat if you want, but just wanted to kind of point that out.
Becca Bressler: Well, I. So my view actually, I don't know if, if a different decision was made elsewhere, but my view would be to not have you guys divide and conquer in part because I think the task here is to like, tell a story, and I think that you can't really tell the story when you're attacking it from like piecemeal ways. So I actually think you should operate independently again.
Alex Nikolaev: Okay, then, a resource for you, Daniel, that might be helpful. I put together like this little like this database for collecting information from. From stat 6. So I'll. I'll send a link to you so it's like nice and organized. If you'd like, you can just use it from. From. From last week.
Daniel Chadda: Perfect. Thank you.
Alex Nikolaev: All right, see you guys.
Becca Bressler: Bye.
Alex Nikolaev: See you guys.