Becca Bressler: Hey. How. 's it going?
Anya Nelson: Going? Good. How are you back from Florida?
Becca Bressler: Back from Florida. You always look so cozy, and I get so jealous.
Anya Nelson: Gonna beanie really, like, amplifies.
Becca Bressler: I know, but you're sweating what you're missing.
Becca Bressler: Oh, yeah, I feel like. Yeah, I feel like you're, like, crushing it on multiple cozy fronts.
Anya Nelson: Yeah, it's a high priority for me.
Becca Bressler: I'm with you. I don't always reflect on my clothing, but I always want to be horizontal, Always want to be on a couch. Also, I did not realize until, like, two days ago that you were helping Alfred with forms. Template stuff.
Anya Nelson: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Becca Bressler: It looks great. Like, I haven't reviewed it deeply, but I was, like, super impressed to just kind of see how quickly that came together. So, like, yeah, yeah.
Anya Nelson: I mean, the main. Because he probably explained it to you already. But, like, the main thing was, like, how can we, like, unify, like, that stuff with labs, too? Just because, like, for everyone's sake, and it makes the most sense, like, we shouldn't have, like, a bunch of random going on. Like, let's. Make it. Almost, like, recycled, but in a good way. So, yeah, that one, I was. Yeah, totally.
Becca Bressler: Oh, damn. Where's my Claude code? Basically. Give me one second. Hold on.
Becca Bressler: Quacko can pause. Description. I want to log in with this. Shouldn't have logged me out just like, so what? What I want you to work on for the next, like, couple of days. Is. So there's kind of like two things, but they're related. So we have, like, pop up problem. Calling it pop up gate. And then we want to, like, have a round two of jot audit design updates based on, like, user feedback, based on what we know like users are using or not, like, based on kind of the highest value entry points into audit. Right. So we have data, analysts look at. Who purchased it, their usage of the product. What were sort of the key actions that those folks took? And then like also combining that with some user conversations I had around. Like, for instance, people don't really like, the fixed with AI thing is like super small. Like, people don't really know what it is. A lot of people don't really get it. And so there's definitely a challenge there of, like, there's obviously so much that we want to, like, do, but. But there's maybe too much clutter that. From really investigating it.
Anya Nelson: Yeah. Are we, like, obsessed with it existing in the same thing as the AI Editor, like, with that side panel?
Becca Bressler: It's a good question. Do you see good, like, at, like, a path where it, like, exists somewhere else?
Anya Nelson: That would. I mean, it's like. I guess I'm like, oh, I would like to have the door open potentially, just because, like, you're saying, like, people are struggling to find it or, like, use it.
Becca Bressler: I think for me, I mean, it's not that they're struggling to find it. I think it's just, like, a matter of being able to quickly understand the value of it. Like, everyone I talk to is like, oh, yeah, I get what this does on its high notes, but, like, not everyone I talk to. Realize the tools that we gave them. To fix ones. And also the rule stuff, right? Like, it's just like a tiny little link that is like telling someone to check out the rules. Bottom. But pop up gate really relates to that because like a lot of the pop up problems are like a lot of the new ones come from job audit. So for instance, like when you, when your job audit run has finished, you get a pop up that's like your audit's complete. Click here and like here, let me share my where's my past conversations.
Becca Bressler: Oh, okay, got it. Here. Let me share my screen for a second. And Anya, I apologize. You might not make it through everything at 10, and I have, like, a 10 to 11, but then I can kind of circle back.
Anya Nelson: Oh, you're good. Yeah.
Becca Bressler: Alfred's going to join like four pop up, gate talk. So even. Just, like, list the jaw audit pop ups. Right. So your audit's complete. Which, like, covers the toolbar at the bottom.
Becca Bressler: There when you open the audit sidebar. After, like a few seconds, you see, like regenerate with payer aware note. Maybe you've seen that. Do you know what I'm talking about when I say that?
Anya Nelson: I think so. Yeah. I think I poked in there.
Becca Bressler: Here, let me turn my screen. Hello, Alfred.
alfred: Hello. Sorry.
Becca Bressler: No problem. Frank.
alfred: Score. Service weeks are always fun.
Becca Bressler: Okay, so, Anya, there's, like, right. Like this, just. And we've had users, like, you know, a lot of our users have this as, like, less than half their screen or, you know, it's not. And so in this view, you can tell, like, they can't even tell what's going on behind. Here. Like it's completely obscures like jot audit and kind of the value prop. We're also not really explaining what like a compliant payer aware template is. I don't know that we want to be like adding more UX writing to. But, like, just to kind of talk about the problems that exist in this space, like, this is one of the pop ups. There's a pop up that comes down here. There is if you hit, like, regenerate note. Well, it failed to do that. Which is a problem, but let me just take a screenshot of that. Hold on. I'm just going to send that to myself. But, like, if you do regenerate it, I think you must have seen this, because I've seen it in your screenshots before. You like, get this really big pop up up here. That's, like, August, your templates. You can.
alfred: You can try regenerating from the list in the left. Maybe, like, here? Yeah. There might be something with. Yeah, that one. Whoa. Okay.
Becca Bressler: Good to know. So right. So there's like, that pop up. And then just kind of generally, like, complaints. We get around. There's just a ton going on, right? Like, there's this toolbar that people can't really dismiss. And, like, again, kind of going back to how people don't have this on their full screen. Like, given the sort of real estate of this piece, and then, like, the toolbar. It just really minimizes the amount of their note they're even able to review and like. You know, there's like, this, like, chatbot. Alfred was like, you know, maybe when this gets to a certain size, we should just be, like, removing the chat bot, which I guess we do when it's, like, mobile size, but we don't.
alfred: If you. If you hide the. If you hide that. I think you need to use the button in the upper right.
Becca Bressler: Yeah, yeah. Right. You know, I think there's, like, arguments to be made for when it's a certain size, like, certain things go away. I think I'm really interested in is. Making this dismissible, but not like. But something you can bring back, you know, so it's not like. Yeah, and making it obvious how to bring it back, if that.
Anya Nelson: Were, like, still into it being, like. Because this bottom nav bar has been, like, a point of I know. Discussion.
Becca Bressler: I think it's just like a tricky. I imagine it's a tricky design problem because there's already so much going on up here. Oh, go ahead, Alfred.
alfred: Something like. Think about consumption, though, is that. And I don't know if this helps, because I don't think it helps, but maybe it does. So if you look at the top bar where you. Where we have the patent name, the encounter information. Like all that bar is somewhat of an encounter context. Counter patient context. That bottom bar is also an encounter. Client context, so it's not, you know. It's more about the encounter than it is about the note. If that makes sense. So that's probably where some of this might need to start shifting towards. So it's like, yeah, you know, I'm sending a follow up for the encounter. It's not a follow up for the note. It's a payment for the encounter. It's a document that I'M generating for this user based on the encounter, the history of the user, not, you know, itself. Same with lab. Single form, so. But again, it's also like. Okay, well, are we going to just start shoving more things up there? And then we also have to deal with the people that have been using it and, you know, how we transition them over to whatever we choose, because it does get some love.
Becca Bressler: Although not, I don't know, but it does get settled. And Anya, though, one of the things. So you had put together some designs for us around. This part.
Becca Bressler: And I think. And Alfred has flagged, and I think there's, like, a lot there for us to be, like, inspired by and maybe take. I think there's some things there that don't work in Alfred. I think kind of has his finger on the pulse of, like, he was kind of pointing stuff out. To me. But I do wonder if there's kind of a way where, like, if we're moving more in that direction, it kind of frees up real estate. Some. Something like this in a way that doesn't create. I mean, obviously it's going to create more clutter, but, like, already moved this in a direction that was like, yeah, yeah. And one of the things Alfred did to kind of address like. Because also when we have app updates, there's like a refresh app. Maybe you've seen it when there's, like, when there's an update app and then you get the jot on it. Thing like your note. Three things on top of each other. And one Alfred did was. You see? Copy note. He moved like the snack bar to the left side. Do you see what I'm. And. And so maybe it's like the audit thing needs to move to the left side. Maybe, like, snack bar at the bottom isn't even the right way of thinking about, like, confirming that the action happened, you know?
Anya Nelson: Like, I don't know.
Becca Bressler: Design. Like, ways of.
Anya Nelson: Like, it could happen in the button. Like, if you copied it.
alfred: Correct, Right.
Anya Nelson: Yeah. Which would probably make more sense because they might not look down there.
Becca Bressler: Right. They just reacts when you click it. That kind of gives that away. So I think there's, like, definitely stuff. That I'd love for you to think about. And honestly, you can, like, click through Surface, all of the pop ups, and, like, even if you're, like, taking screenshots and then, like, proposing other things for. For those pop ups, Alfred. I'm going to, like, transition a little bit to jot on it, and we could talk about a couple of those pop ups. But then there's other kind of design things that you don't need to you can say for. But if you kind of want to hop, are there other things you want? To add, though, to, like, my initial context.
alfred: Yeah, I think just because you brought it up. So. That top bar. I go back to the top encounter patient bar. So we've done changes to that bar and how that looks at the Recorder page.
Becca Bressler: Oh, yeah.
alfred: And we're doing. They should, in my view, and maybe push back. But it might be. They should be the same.
Anya Nelson: 100%. They should be the same. Yeah.
alfred: Yeah. We don't necessarily need to show everything in. Both cases, but they should. We should be moving towards this world where the. And you know, if we're saying this is the encounter patient section, it should carry on. And ideally from an engineering world, we're not building two different things either.
Anya Nelson: Yeah.
alfred: And Rami, you actually consistency for the user. So I would add that. A little bit into how we're thinking about this. Because if you click on the actual patients page. And now I'm really getting ahead of myself. And you click on a patient. It's like. Would we even, you know, like, this is the patent context, so if we're able to kind of create that uniformity throughout everything patient or everything encounter would be awesome. Now I'll put, like, call order. The other thing. Oh, yeah. So. If we go back to the note and sorry, this is probably not pop up gate specific. But I just want to point this out. In the changes to top Nav, I think rightfully so, what you had done was bring in the transcript. Like. That tab down. That was how we released this initially.
Anya Nelson: Oh, really?
alfred: Yeah, yeah, yeah. And. And. And I think there was a knee jerk reaction. From somebody, I'm not going to say who, to essentially move that up there, because essentially there was enough people that complained that they couldn't find their transcripts anymore and that they couldn't move. So it's like, By moving the tab on to the top of the note and having it scroll up. When people were at a certain point, it's like, well, I want to see the transcript now, or I want to go to the other. No.
Becca Bressler: Or whatever.
alfred: And they were like, where is this? And that's kind of what happened. To the point that there's a bug. Now, if you. If you scroll up, you see how part of the left tab gets hidden under that bar. That's because that bar was never there. There, see? Like, you can't reach on the sidebar. You can't reach the top. Scroll down.
Anya Nelson: Oh, because it wasn't.
alfred: Yeah, yeah, because it's. It's now scrolling under that bar, like. Never mind.
Becca Bressler: Okay, I just want to make sure I understand what you're saying.
alfred: So you see how HPI on the left screen? The hpi is not your first section.
Anya Nelson: Oh, yeah, it covers it, because it wasn't meant to. Even be.
alfred: Yeah, it always. It covered it because it was.
alfred: That was never meant to stick there.
Anya Nelson: Forced to add a fourth layer of nav bar at the top.
alfred: Correct. The person that added that there didn't have the context that they also needed to fix the height of that thing.
Anya Nelson: I do feel like we have a sense. Or, like, I don't know, but correct me if I'm wrong, but I feel like it's like, users can play. I don't know if this is, like, best practice is, like, product people, but, like, users complain, and then we just, like, have the engineers, like, throw it back in. Without any UX like I.
alfred: A lot of that happens. A lot of engineering. Hearing the complain action also happens, which I think is a problem. I don't know how to address that one. Personally. Because that's what this was. You know? Yeah.
alfred: I don't know. But that was a long way of saying, like, that's why that's there. But if we're rethinking if part of this, I know this is more about the pop ups, but if you are thinking about this because it's pop up related, Maybe. We need to somehow think about that a little bit.
Anya Nelson: I tend to believe that.
alfred: It's fine if it goes away. But maybe what it is is it goes away or it collapses into something smaller or.
Becca Bressler: I don't know.
alfred: Or maybe the transcript should always be a button that's available up at the top.
Becca Bressler: Or, like, you know, if. Ideally, when this is scrolling, this stays static. Like, right?
Anya Nelson: Yeah.
Becca Bressler: I think it should stay static, like maybe it's related, like somewhere on. This side panel. I don't know. Like, I don't know if that's the right.
alfred: That's how it used to be. Like way back when it was before above to these were paths above the sections we could.
Anya Nelson: Yeah, if we go above note sections. And we could make that collapsible too. Or we could put it up with this, like. Like with a note. Like the thing and edit template like right next to that, since it has to do with the note.
Becca Bressler: Right.
alfred: Yeah. Something to keep in mind is that the number of tabs can grow.
Becca Bressler: Also, we should do away with this like this, shouldn't? So we can think about that as well as, like, being, like, open real estate, which I think you actually got rid of Anya in your designs. So that's, like. That's really helpful context around this kind of stuff. This stuff again. Like there, you know, there's this prop up problem. There's also, I think, for a lot of people, unless they watch the video, which very few people have done, There's just this, like, watch video button. And it's such little use that I'm
Anya Nelson: like, to get rid of it.
Becca Bressler: Like, it's probably worth it to have for someone who's just. Who's very. Who. Who's just starting to engage with this feature, but after a certain, you know. Tab opens or whatever. Like, I think we should get rid of it. And you can think about that real estate as maybe getting freed up for something. Maybe it's just, like, more of this. Like, I don't know, but I think it's worth, like, flagging that. Like, that doesn't, you know, it's. Like, oh, maybe instead of the video, like, you know, you move, run, audit up, and then below them is some other call to action or something that, like, makes a little clear this rule stuff, right? Like, I don't think. Yeah. So. Yeah, people don't understand. The rules thing, though, but though this is maybe, like, not the place to show people. Like, ultimately, the people that care about rules mostly are the practice administrators, and the practice administrators are not really the ones that are like, using this tool necessarily. Like, they're the ones that are looking at the dashboard, right? And so, like, yeah. I don't, like. I don't even know that the rule thing then has to be there or whatever
alfred: shows up in the rules in the dashboard. So I think there are two different videos. So one's the rules, the other ones.
Becca Bressler: Yeah, yeah, yeah. Oh, I more mean, like, it's possible that, like. Something that explains or presents the rule like the the dashboard rules, or like doesn't even have to live here because maybe that's not where the person who uses it is going to be anyways.
alfred: And to that point, I think those videos haven't made their way into the Browse tutorial button up there.
Becca Bressler: Like, if they haven't, that's probably a place where they should be. They are bottom.
Anya Nelson: Yeah.
alfred: So then just kill it from everywhere else. If somebody wants to see a video tutorial, that's where it is.
Becca Bressler: Yeah. Yeah, I think it can. It's like a reasonable, like, feature release thing to include. Right. So it's, like, simple when something's new, but it certainly doesn't have to be, like, there all the time.
alfred: We can also expire it, right?
Becca Bressler: Right automatically.
alfred: So I think right now it expires. You don't see it because you've clicked it.
Becca Bressler: Yeah.
alfred: Anybody that clicks it gets it. But we could also say, you know, after empty, you know.
Anya Nelson: The people that would really be using this, like, jot audit sidebar thing for a note to, like, actually, like, use. It would be, like, smaller practices. The people that are actually, like, checking their own nodes, because in a bigger practice, it's like, they don't really care about this stuff. Practice managers care about it. And they wouldn't even be in this anyway.
Becca Bressler: So the, in a bigger practice, like the practice administrator from like a top down perspective is like, I want your notes to be more compliant. Like this kind of is on me. So the clinicians would be using ideally this, like they'd be fixing their notes. You know, they'd be. But it's the practice. Administrator who would be the one that's like, I want to tailor the. The rules for my practice. Like, a clinician in a group is not going to be the one adding rules, editing rules, things like that. So. Yeah. There's. So there's other things about draw Audit, like, I want to flag. Am I okay to, like, move on to that Anya, or do you have more questions?
Anya Nelson: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Becca Bressler: So there's a couple things that I like. Want us? Oh, yeah, Alfred, go ahead. Oh, yeah.
alfred: I'm going to jump off. I have Marcus, like, sorry.
Becca Bressler: There's a couple other things. And I'm going to send you this grain recording after I figure it helpful for you, like notes wise synthesis. There's a couple other things like I want us to be thinking about for this project. One is people who hit the paywall are, like, understandably going to stop opening the audit tab because they're just getting a paywall, right? And we need some way of, like, telling our users, like, hey, you, you're quota reset, right? And, like, maybe the most clumsy version of that, or not, like, is we just automatically open the audit tab for them.
Becca Bressler: On that note. So, like, as soon as it resets, they can just see this. Maybe that's not the best solution, but, like, that's like one problem we, we want to solve is, like, how do we make sure our users understand their quota reset and are driven to it? The other problem we want to solve is just like the people, like, being able to understand. Fixed with AI, it's like understand and notice. Honestly, like those two big problems, I mean.
Anya Nelson: I'm going to, like, relook at this. I think I, like, was like, if we're doing fix with AI, like, we should probably have some AI icon instead of, like, the pencil actually, like, individually. Yeah. So, like, something like that could be.
Becca Bressler: And. But I also think it's probably, like, a size thing. We had, like, obviously, I don't know how to address that entirely, but, like. Like maybe you don't. Like, I don't even know what this is.
Anya Nelson: Like, yeah, I'm, like, clicking it. Go. So into the rules. Like, do we need, like, are there abbreviations of these rule names that we can have? Like, I think it's also just taking up so much space, like, all those blocks.
Becca Bressler: Yeah. Actually, people do click on the rules. So I wouldn't want to like, because what I was saying is, like, oh, maybe you don't need View and note, but like, you click it and it takes you to where it is in the note. But I do think people on the rules. But basically, people like. Understand understanding it and some. Some of this, like, might be about. First time experience of. This tool, which, like, again, like, I'm not. I don't want to, like, push solutions, but just to, like, give you a sense. Maybe the first time someone only sees one of these, right? Or like it. Again, I think maybe my instinct with F talks about, like, different experiences was wrong. Like, you don't want people to be surprised about it changing. But I'm like, okay, but maybe the first time someone opens this, they see one, and so they can actually like. We, like, are able to give more attention to, like, helping someone understand, like, what this even means. And then after they engage with it or they can say, see more and it's like it's a collapsible or, like, just. I don't know if that's the right solution, but, like, we just need to help people kind of understand what. That this is something that they can use and, like, fix their notes with.
Anya Nelson: Yeah.
Becca Bressler: The other thing. I want to. The other thing I want us to experiment with. So it'd actually be really cool to, like, get. Mock up from you. Is for practice administrators. I kind of want to test their homepage. Like being the dashboard, not in a. And by dashboard, I mean. Like. One of these. Pages, and it's probably rules or encounters that's like, the most valuable from, like, this, I actually. Think is probably a lot to, like, grok quickly. I don't know if, like, rules is easy. Like, yeah, I'm not totally sure, but, like, I do want to test something where, like. Because I don't think practice administrators are exploring this, you know, and all practice administrators have it for at least 40 of their clinicians notes, you know, and so I kind of want to explore some way where like, that dashboard is brought on their homepage. So it'd be really cool to get, like, a mockup from you of, like, what that could look like. Obviously. Like, I just went over, like, a ton of stuff. I think probably, like, Priorities. Are. How do our users how are users made aware that their quota reset. Is there like another, like people do? Click the audit snack bar at the bottom. So that gets engagement. But not everyone uses the audit tool. Right? So it's, like, a bad experience, probably for, like, a lot of other people. Is there another placement for that kind of notification?
Anya Nelson: Is there another placement for the child audit snack bar?
Becca Bressler: Yeah. Or like, another way that we can be, like, alerting users to. I mean, I get the reason to have it, which is, like, it takes time for the jaw audit to run. And so, like, instead of someone, like, checking, you want to, like, let them know. That it audits run. But I think. And then I think, like, how do we help people understand that they can fix their notes? With AI. I think those are, like, the top things.
Anya Nelson: And then I would say with AI editor, Like and the fix with AI rules thing. Just like overall. Do we want them to understand they can fix their note with AI?
Becca Bressler: Oh, no. I think in the jaw audit.
Anya Nelson: Just in jot audit, okay?
Becca Bressler: Yeah. So I think the priority is, like, jaw audit design stuff and, like.
Becca Bressler: And then, like, the popups associated with that, which is really the, like, your audit's ready. And you know, do you want to try a more like payer aware. Template. And honestly, maybe the solution to that is we just, like, don't show it to them immediately, you know?
Becca Bressler: Yeah, we, like, give it a few minutes or, or, you know, like, more than five seconds, you know, and. Or maybe what. What happens is someone has to click fix or they have to click a rule before they see it, you know, so that might be the solution. Like, you know, I'm not sure.
Anya Nelson: But you have the data like that. As I mentioned earlier, there's, like, data.
Becca Bressler: Yeah, let me. Are you, like, on statc?
Anya Nelson: I'm. I have an account, I think.
Becca Bressler: Yeah, you would be able to, like, view whatever.
Anya Nelson: Yeah, I think I can. Look at that.
Becca Bressler: Here, so I'm actually just going to, like, send you. You don't need to look at all of this, but I'll flag the actual. Data you're looking for, but, like, that's just kind of the dashboard. This is like sidebar rule, interaction behavior. Oh, how users open the sidebar. Yeah. So interesting. It is mostly. Oh, no. Tap toggle. Yeah, look. So snack bars, like, pretty limited. That said something to note about. What you're seeing is like some people, some people's quotas have not reset yet. So maybe they're clicking it so just like, something.
Anya Nelson: To tab toggle. Is that like the AI little circle?
Becca Bressler: Yes.
Anya Nelson: Ok?
Becca Bressler: So I just sent you that satsig. Do you feel like. Well, and I want to give you an opportunity to ask questions. Do you feel like that's enough to get started and then I can kind of circle back a little bit later? Like, I do want to give the data analysts results.
Becca Bressler: A little bit more of a review on my end to see if I've, like, missed anything, but I do think that I covered the most important pieces.
Anya Nelson: I think so. Like, yeah. I mean, it sounds like just kind of like. Well, I wrote them all down. How are users made aware that they're no other quote we set for job audit? Is there another placement way to alert users for the jot audit? Snack bar. How do we help people understand they can fix their net with AI and Jaw Audit, and then overall Jaw Audit redesign and the pop ups associated with that. So it kind of sounds like overall just like solving those issues, which will become kind of a redesign of Jaw Audit.
Becca Bressler: Yeah.
Anya Nelson: In the note specifically.
Becca Bressler: Yeah.
Anya Nelson: Seems like the highest priority, which is what I can start on.
Becca Bressler: Yeah, yeah. Yeah. That's awesome. Yeah, I'd even be curious. Again, this is not prescriptive, but just to kind of. Your f duck stuff is so good, like, the tutorial, like, in particular, and I'm like, Is there a tutorial version that lives in. The audit bar for, like, users that haven't used it yet. Right. Like, right.
Anya Nelson: I think I was actually going to do that, but, like, didn't have time. Because, like, we would do that.
Becca Bressler: Right. Exactly. And, like, you know. Yeah. What would the, like, f. Like, what would the tutorial version of that look like for John?
Anya Nelson: I think that, like, sounds like a good idea.
Becca Bressler: Cool. So. Okay. So unless you have any other questions. I kind of would love to hop and and do a couple more things before my 10am and then I can circle back with you.
Anya Nelson: Yeah, I know you're gonna. I think I've to work on. Okay.
Becca Bressler: Amazing enough clarity. Like, all this makes sense, too.
Becca Bressler: Yeah, I think so.
Anya Nelson: Yeah. I mean, I'll message you if I have problems, like, for sure. So I just work on this, like, today and tomorrow.
Becca Bressler: Yeah. Would love to see stuff. At the end of the day, like, classically, because I'm hoping Alfred tomorrow can start banging some of this stuff out, so. Which isn't to suggest we need, like, final stuff by the end of the day, but, like, I think things, you know, kind of provisions tomorrow vibes, like stuff. Okay. But. Okay, cool. I'm gonna hop and then. Yeah, ping me if you have any questions. Would it be helpful for me to send you the transcript of this gray and. Or is that excessive?
Anya Nelson: It posted Just the grain.
Anya Nelson: Yeah, just like the video. It works for me. Yeah.
Becca Bressler: Okay, that's good. Okay, great. I'll send that over. Yeah. Okay.
Anya Nelson: All righty.
Becca Bressler: Thanks, Sonia.
Anya Nelson: Yep, sounds good.
Becca Bressler: Bye.
Anya Nelson: Bye.