Christopher Hume: Dallas. I'm so sorry to hear you're feeling sick.
Healing Circle Psychiatric Services: Oh, God. What did you say?
Christopher Hume: I'm so sorry you're feeling sick.
Healing Circle Psychiatric Services: I know. I'm trying to get better before Thursday.
Christopher Hume: Yeah, right. For the kind of lunch.
Healing Circle Psychiatric Services: Did you end up booking at the Jasper?
Christopher Hume: The Jasper was a little outside my price range, so I'm looking at the Radisson. So we'll see how behind it. Yes. Radisson Blue Fargo.
Healing Circle Psychiatric Services: 80 should be joining soon. I would turn on my camera, but no worries.
Christopher Hume: Certainly understand a sick day. No need to put on the camera.
Healing Circle Psychiatric Services: Where is katie? Did you get my email, though?
Christopher Hume: About. I was just reading that. I'm so sorry, Dallas. Just so you know, you will not be charged for the data transfer. We're doing it for you guys as part of the pilot, so I just want to say that first. But regardless, it's unacceptable. That it's been so much of a burden on you. Hey, katie.
+1 701-***-**88: Hello. Hi.
Christopher Hume: I was just chatting with Dallas about some issues we were having with the data transfer, and then I'd love to just do sort of around Robin questions just to see. I have a presentation, but I think it's probably easier just to see how I can support you guys today and how we can best prepare for the in office visit on Thursday. To start, dallas. What do we still need? Are we still missing? That needs to be transferred over. And I'll make sure we do it for you.
Healing Circle Psychiatric Services: So I know that I talk to lee. I don't think you were in that meeting. No, it was the one last week. So all of the info did not transfer. So the addresses didn't transfer. The date of birth didn't transfer.
Christopher Hume: It was only.
Healing Circle Psychiatric Services: Their first last name, and some of them had their addresses in there. Yeah. So it needs to be cleaned up. I am more than willing to give him access.
Christopher Hume: Oh, yeah.
Christopher Hume: Yes, that would be great. You could give him access, but I don't want you to have to do any work here.
Healing Circle Psychiatric Services: Yeah, it was like a pain in the ass. I was like, this is taking too long.
Christopher Hume: Yeah. No, dallas. Completely unacceptable, and we'll handle it. So I think just all we need from you is. So you said some of them were missing addresses. Some of them were missing date of births or anything else that was missing.
Healing Circle Psychiatric Services: So some of the addresses there are emergency contact wasn't in there. So it's important when he does tell that it has like their confirms their date of birth, first last name, address. And then some of the names that transferred over still had. Secondary Medicaid. Secondary or in the day. Yeah. It wasn't just the first and last name. Okay. So I can make a list, if that's easy.
Christopher Hume: If that was. Was that everything, Dallas? Because my notetaker will capture it. So I don't even want you to have to build a list with the issues we're tracking. Anything you say in this meeting we're tracking, we'll fix. And I'll take this.
Healing Circle Psychiatric Services: So let me go to a random one. Like, for example, Zachary Bo. It's in here. But he doesn't have a date of birth. He doesn't have his pronouns, which I don't really care about, and then gender that's not in their date of birth isn't in there. So it shows the phone number and the emails in there. But what do you do when there is an adolescent?
Christopher Hume: When there is an adolescent, in terms of
Healing Circle Psychiatric Services: their chart, that's in shot psych because. There's no button that says, oh, this is an adolescent and this is their contact.
Christopher Hume: Oh, interesting. I think typically we just treat them like with the date of birth and then would provide the contact information of their parent.
Healing Circle Psychiatric Services: But that's a great.
Christopher Hume: If they're an adolescent, we would also need to have the name of their parent or guardian in there as well.
Healing Circle Psychiatric Services: Yeah. And there's no button to click.
Christopher Hume: Like, hey, this is an adolescent.
Healing Circle Psychiatric Services: Put their guardian contact in there. Whatever. And then. So the address doesn't pull forward either. And then the emergency contact isn't in their employment information. That's not in there either. So there's just so many things missing. And I know Leah and I had went over this, too, when I did a data poll because Brittany was able to join that meeting. Too. And there was no way to just pull everything. I followed all the steps he wanted me to do, and I did that. But nothing fully transferred. And so. I don't know. I don't want to throw him under the bus, but tasting is going to take too long.
Christopher Hume: No, you cannot be copy and pasting. The whole idea of Jostech is that we reduce the burden on you. Now we add these crazy tasks just so you can try out the. Software, so I'm tracking all this. Dallas, I'm sorry. It's really frustrating and not a good use of your time.
Healing Circle Psychiatric Services: And I'm sorry, Lee, since this is being recorded under the bus.
Christopher Hume: No, no, no. It's a process issue that we need to fix.
Christopher Hume: So we'll handle it from our end, and then we'll go from there. For Dr. Alec. I see he's been able to play with Japsec a little bit. But whenever we formally get the data in properly, I will reset the pilot. So he's not paying for job site and not able to use it properly or anything like that. Yeah, I just want to again apologize to the frustration. I'll make sure we make this right.
Healing Circle Psychiatric Services: Well, I just want him to use it smoothly. Scram in there before Patience. And make sure that everything's in there so we can use.
Christopher Hume: It's a burden on you, and it's a burden on him, so we'll get that fixed, Alice. And thanks for letting me know.
Healing Circle Psychiatric Services: Thank you.
Christopher Hume: Well, Lisa and Katie on the line. Is there anything I can help you with? How has your experience been with jot Psych?
+1 701-***-**88: I honestly haven't really used it at all much until about stuff was just I don't know because I'm more the one that takes appointments, so I feel like it should be kind of more used as. The recording piece and that kind of thing. So that isn't my lane as much, so I haven't messed with it much. That's your answer?
Christopher Hume: I'm sorry. Is this Lisa or is this Katie?
+1 701-***-**88: Katie.
Christopher Hume: Katie, would you like access? Just while we're talking about using Jotsyc. Do any of you need to be able to review Dr. Alex notes?
+1 701-***-**88: Oliver. I would say all of us.
Christopher Hume: Okay, so I'll give you all administrative staff access so you can review his notes and kind of help out. There.
+1 701-***-**88: Okay?
Healing Circle Psychiatric Services: I think I've been able to see that, right.
Christopher Hume: I think. Dallas, I put you in as an administrator right off the bat. But I wasn't sure who else was going to need that access. So it looks like Dr. Alec at least is making one note today, so I'll make sure you're all able to access that. But I'll take care of that as soon as you wrap up this meeting, okay?
Healing Circle Psychiatric Services: Otherwise, it's been going pretty well. I know that. Brittany asks me how it's going, and it's going pretty well. I just want it to work.
Christopher Hume: Imagine how well it's going to go, Dallas, when we get your data sorted out.
Christopher Hume: It's going pretty well. Now, imagine next week after the in person training and the data transfer. So we'll take care of that. Is there anything else I can prepare or kind of answer or take care for you guys before Thursday when we meet in person?
Healing Circle Psychiatric Services: Well, if you're doing the data transfer, are they going to transfer the insurance to? Mostly worried about those core parts that I gave you in the beginning. And then insurance could just be last.
Healing Circle Psychiatric Services: But it always pops up. That triangle warning sign saying, hey, there's no insurance in here.
Christopher Hume: While we're working to get this right, Dallas, let me see if I can get. Demographics are going to be my first priority. Getting that transferred over properly. And patient information. But while we're trying to do this right. I'll make sure to see if we can do insurance information, too, because we should be able to do that, but I'll just need to confirm.
Healing Circle Psychiatric Services: Okay?
Christopher Hume: The one other thing I saw at Dallas is we've gotten Elizabeth up and running. Would you like me to add her as a clinician to your account?
Healing Circle Psychiatric Services: Yeah. She's a student that's shadowing Dr. Al, so she's sitting with him.
Christopher Hume: Okay, then I'll get her up and running.
Healing Circle Psychiatric Services: Okay. Yeah, I saw that email, and I forwarded it to Katie, too, so she's aware.
Christopher Hume: Perfect.
Healing Circle Psychiatric Services: Otherwise. Yeah, that's about it. I made an appointment with Lee on Wednesday. Okay.
Christopher Hume: I'll be sure to join that. Dallas. That's before my flight starts, so I'll be there. You'll see me virtually on Wednesday, and then you'll see me in person on Thursday.
Healing Circle Psychiatric Services: Oh, wow. Okay.
Christopher Hume: And then I had one more question for all of you that Dallas, as part of the pilot, you get. You and the team get two templates. We've done the TMS template, which hopefully Dr. Alec started using. Is there another template you'd like me to create for you?
Healing Circle Psychiatric Services: Oh, gosh. I know that I sent the ica style of notes. My voice is gone, so I'm useless to use it now.
+1 701-***-**88: I haven't set the templates.
+1 701-***-**88: Yet I haven't swiped. I've actually struggled to try to get a timely member to get on that is working before I can even see patients with that.
Healing Circle Psychiatric Services: Left.
Healing Circle Psychiatric Services: Yeah, that's what we were just talking about. He's going to fix it.
+1 701-***-**88: Yep.
Christopher Hume: Okay. I'm sorry. Is this Dr. Alec on the line? Yeah, it's after. I'm not sure when you were able to join us, but I just apologizing for dap to Dallas, for the confusion here. And I just want to let you know one of course, the data transfer, we've included as the pilot fees so that there won't be an additional charge for that. As soon as we wrap up this call, I'm going to meet with our engineers to make this right. And whenever we do finally get that, data transferred properly. I'm going to restart your pilot timeline, so I don't want you to feel like you're being charged for time where you can't properly use the software. I just not sincerely apologize for the kind of oversight and confusion here. It's unacceptable and we'll fix it. Is there anything else I can help you all with? Written Elizabeth, set up. We'll adjust everyone's access so they can review your notes. Doctor. Alec, is there anything else? I can support with.
+1 701-***-**88: No, I think that was the hardest part. It was just like trying to use it. I was just so confused because I couldn't swell people up, and it was just. Yeah. So I really didn't get to use a lot or tried a lot.
Christopher Hume: I certainly understand that. I noticed you weren't able to make too many notes. That's a bummer. And we'll fix that. But I appreciate the candor.
Healing Circle Psychiatric Services: Yeah, because the less we use Freed the better. Then we could fully move over to you. So it's just one program.
Christopher Hume: Yes, absolutely. We're going to set you up so you can do that. Yeah, we'll make sure you get the full month to try it as well.
Healing Circle Psychiatric Services: Okay? Sounds good. Thank you.
Christopher Hume: I appreciate all of your patience, and I'm looking forward to meeting everyone in person on Thursday. As Ostia begun coordinating lunch yet, or are there any food or any guidelines or requests that I should share with her as she sets that up?
Healing Circle Psychiatric Services: Oh, gosh. I haven't gotten the email yet from her, but I can email her whenever she sends that.
Christopher Hume: Okay. No, I'll work with her. But is there a restaurant or anything in particular you all like? Is there an office favorite I should let her know about?
Healing Circle Psychiatric Services: Al, do you have any recommendations?
+1 701-***-**88: Not at the top of my head.
Healing Circle Psychiatric Services: I know. Me either.
Christopher Hume: I'm so sick. She's really good at figuring it out, so she can certainly handle it. But if you think of anything, let me know and I'll make sure that's what we get for lunch.
Healing Circle Psychiatric Services: Okay, I'll make sure to email it to you, okay?
Christopher Hume: Thank you, Dallas.
Christopher Hume: Thank you, Chris, and thank you, team. Have a great day and see you all soon.
Healing Circle Psychiatric Services: Bye.
Christopher Hume: Bye.