Christopher Hume: Foreign.
Karen Trammell: Hi, Chris, how are you?
Christopher Hume: Great. Great to meet you.
Karen Trammell: Nice to meet you. I'm sorry, my laptop is acting kind of crazy with me today. I can't show my picture.
Christopher Hume: Sorry. No worries, no worries. I'm here with my colleague Joya. She's starting this week, so we're just letting her join some of the meetings and learn about how we do business here.
Karen Trammell: Okay, that's great. No worries. Hello, how are you?
Garden Gioia: Hi, Karen. I'm good. Thanks for letting me sit in and watch.
Karen Trammell: I appreciate it. No worries, no worries.
Christopher Hume: Erin, if I remember correctly, we were going to go over how to do some admin functionality in job site. Is that correct?
Karen Trammell: Yes, I'm trying to find. No. Get tutorial on how to transfer notes to put over. Like when Dr. Dana does. Dr. Eason does her meetings, she had me copy and paste her notes over into other chart notes.
Christopher Hume: Okay. Into your ehr.
Karen Trammell: Yes.
Christopher Hume: And what EHR do you use, Karen?
Karen Trammell: Optimum.
Christopher Hume: Okay, so is that. Do you open that within your browser or is that something you download?
Karen Trammell: I think we. We can. We download it. We have to download it first and then we send it over there.
Christopher Hume: Okay, well, let me show you. So how have you. Have you been moving notes over?
Karen Trammell: No, sir. That's why I'm with you.
Christopher Hume: Okay, perfect, perfect. Well, I'm here to help. So there's two things. So, Karen, I'll walk you through how you do copying and pasting in job psych.
Karen Trammell: Okay.
Christopher Hume: So it should. It's very straightforward, so we'll do that first.
Karen Trammell: Okay.
Christopher Hume: And then it's. If it's of interest, we're rolling out a new feature in the coming weeks that does it automatically or with one button click. It's a. I think it's like $10 a month. And so I'd be happy if you'd like to learn more about that. I can set you up with our.
Karen Trammell: Okay, I can speak with Dr. Eason about that and see how she wants to. If she would be interested in that as well.
Christopher Hume: Okay, perfect. But for the time being, let me show you the easy, straightforward, free way to do it.
Karen Trammell: Okay.
Christopher Hume: You've been able to get to the notes for Dr. Easton?
Karen Trammell: Yes, I can view the notes, but I just haven't copied and paste them.
Christopher Hume: Okay, so what you could do is you just push this. Copy all sections up here. Y' all sections. And then if in Optum, you have one big box for the note, you would just put it all in together and jot Psych will put in a title. It'll break out the sections, etc. If. Does Optum have one big box or is it a bunch of little boxes?
Karen Trammell: It's a lot of little boxes. That's broke up.
Christopher Hume: What you would do is you're like, okay, well, for the first box, I need chief complaint and HPI copy. Let's paste it over. Okay. Now I need medications and sleep. Do that. Paste it over. Did that make sense?
Karen Trammell: Yes. And that's easy. It's easier than what I thought it was easy.
Christopher Hume: We make it as easy as possible on you. That we're. That's what we're here for.
Karen Trammell: Okay. So you said if. Being that it's in different boxes, I just check off what I need in each section as I go along, and then it'll. Just copy and paste it from this part on Josh site over to Optimatra.
Christopher Hume: Yep, exactly.
Christopher Hume: You select the sections you need and then you push copy selected here.
Karen Trammell: Okay. All right. That's easy. I can remember that one.
Christopher Hume: Perfect. Is there any. Do you have your account set up, Karen?
Karen Trammell: No, I don't have anything set up.
Christopher Hume: Okay, so then what we can do for you is if you'd like to set up an account, I can. I would just have to confirm and get approval, but I could just add you. It's. It's a free administrative account.
Karen Trammell: Okay.
Christopher Hume: You can log in from your side, you can copy Dr. Eason's notes out. And so you guys can actually have separate logins, and you could be doing your thing while she's with a patient recording a different session. Would that be helpful?
Karen Trammell: Yes, that would possibly be helpful for me as well.
Christopher Hume: Okay. I can describe how to set that up.
Karen Trammell: Okay.
Christopher Hume: If you go to jot.psych.com.
Karen Trammell: okay. Jotcite.com. okay.
Christopher Hume: And then in the top right hand corner, it'll say, start my trial, I think.
Karen Trammell: Okay.
Christopher Hume: And then it'll ask you to put in your email address and come up with a password.
Karen Trammell: Okay.
Christopher Hume: And then I think walk you through. Sign up.
Karen Trammell: Okay. Sign up. Okay. Okay. Let me see if I can. Hold on just one second. Oh, shoot. I can't even get out of the DAG on thing. I'm using a real old laptop, so I.
Christopher Hume: No worries.
Karen Trammell: I am so sorry.
Christopher Hume: No worries.
Karen Trammell: Okay, Look, I'm join myself on again. I do believe. This is crazy. I. If I have any problems with getting back in. Chris. Christopher. I'll just give you all a call because I sure can't get in. But I do have a question though. On the. On the job site, like at the top, right here, if there's a note that I don't see, is there a way you could put like the date in or something? Like I see start and end date at under here where I say Michael, I can put them in right there.
Christopher Hume: Yep, exactly. And that would show you the notes in between those two dates.
Karen Trammell: How far back do they go?
Christopher Hume: They go as far. We don't automatically delete any notes. As long as Dr. Eason still has them in there, you should be able to find them.
Karen Trammell: Okay. Okay. That's my other question. Go back and find some notes.
Christopher Hume: You'll just need to click on all clinic notes.
Karen Trammell: Okay.
Christopher Hume: Not my notes because you won't have any of your own.
Karen Trammell: Correct? Correct. Okay. Well, this was a quick meeting. Unless there's something else that you wanted to go over. That's basically what I needed to know was how to copy and paste the notes over into Optimotra.
Christopher Hume: No, you should be good to go. I'll follow up and just make sure you're. You've gotten your admin account set up and I'll get you added to the group.
Karen Trammell: Alrighty. Thank you. And it was nice meeting both of you. Okay. Bye. Bye.
Christopher Hume: Thanks, Karen. Bye.
Karen Trammell: Bye.
Christopher Hume: Have a great day. Thanks, Joy. Talk to you later.
Garden Gioia: Bye.