Marcus Irven: Yeah, I, I did a little bit of data polling earlier today and we have a little bit of a drop off on conversions, but not, not necessarily a huge one. Let me share what I have. Give me one second to get everything pulled up here. And I'm not sure how much I fully trust everything, but. All right, so I had. So I took it from a couple different angles. I pulled just like raw data from our database around. So we kind of write right in the database when the user gets created, then when they get updated with their user info, which happens after on that. After we get collect that phone number and all that. So it seems like we were converting on that page about 80% before February 10th and 70% after is what this analysis says. I can share the raw data if anybody wants to do any digging. But so a little bit of a drop off but you know, maybe not huge and not, you know, not proportionate to like the amount of fraud that we were having. So I'm not sure how to exactly take that into account, but.
Marcus Irven: Okay, go ahead.
Christopher Hume: No, I'm sorry, this is, this is the exact first question I had. Like what's the friction? So this is a nice way to measure it. And then. Yeah, feel free to keep rolling forward. What I would expect is that we have fewer new customers, but they convert actually at a higher level because people don't feel like they can just kick into a new free subscription.
Marcus Irven: But yeah, this is. And this isn't that conversion. This is just to give us. Do we get past that, that page. Right, that one page. I don't think it's been a long enough for us to be able to measure conversions because it's just been 10 days.
Christopher Hume: Yeah.
Marcus Irven: Since it's rolled out. So we're gonna, we probably need to do another check in in a week or so on true conversions to paid. But at least we're still seeing people sign up like that, you know, and getting into job site and that's. It's dropped a little bit perhaps, but not a huge amount is what this is kind of showing.
Christopher Hume: What is the Y axis, Marcus?
Marcus Irven: Okay. Oh, this, this, this chart here that I just pulled up on statsig. So this is now taking it from a UI instrumentation point of view. And this is showing the same kind of conversion that page did we get past that page for the people that got to the page conversion rate. And I'm doing a. Three day rolling average to kind of smooth out the, the noisiness here. And you can see February 10th is, is the day. So it, this is showing kind of the same thing that we're having a, you know, a drop in conversion. But, you know, this is probably showing a slightly higher drop, but it's still pretty noisy and like the numbers are not huge, but scored from like the 70, you know, 65, 70 down to like 40s. There's one day in particular that was. Let me just go to the raw data. You know, it's, it's noisy. One day it was really low. You know, it's all over the place. So it's. I think, you know, we probably do need a little more data to get a real, you know, if we care about real, real numbers. But, but yeah, it sort of tells the same story. There's, there's, there's a, there's definitely a drop, but it's not, not like we're not getting people through that flow anymore.
Christopher Hume: What is the. Can we smooth this line at all? Can we smooth it like several days?
Marcus Irven: Yeah, that's what I was doing is doing. Oh, I see. I was doing the rolling average. You want to just look at. This is 30 days.
Marcus Irven: Yeah, I think we have to do a rolling average to get it smoother.
Marcus Irven: Yeah, there's a seven day rolling average. This is the day.
Christopher Hume: Whoa, wait, so when did we roll this out, Marcus?
Marcus Irven: February 10th, right here. The day that I have marked.
Christopher Hume: Oh, man. So that's a massive drop, right? I mean, that's like us going down from.
Marcus Irven: Well, it's, it's from 65 conversion rate. According to this 65 conversion rate on that page, about. Or maybe like 67 or something down to, you know, we're in the 40s here. Yeah. But I still, you know, I still think we're going to need a little more data to, to truly see it. But this. Yeah.
Christopher Hume: What's the end on it? Like how many people are represented by the last. By the recent nine days? Because it looks sort of flat before then.
Marcus Irven: Let me see here. We are talking about. Let me get rid of this rolling date. I mean, we're talking about seven. No, like, let's see, what does it say? Average of 11 people per day. Does this tell me.
Christopher Hume: Yeah, that sounds right. Okay. Hmm.
Marcus Irven: Both of these numbers. And those are the, those are the two numbers that I'm dividing by.
Christopher Hume: Do we know like what the industry benchmark is? For drop off when unique phone verification is put into place?
Marcus Irven: I have not looked into that. I don't know.
Christopher Hume: I'm not sure if that's like, there's no conversion rate. Is that changing? Is that going in the right direction here? Because like the thing that I'm expecting is that everyone who gets past this is just higher quality. Like they engage more and they convert more. Does the data, like, do we have any like, heuristic for the change in quality of the trialer?
Marcus Irven: How do we, Is that how we usually measure like the number of nodes per, per user or the number of users that created. You know, are those the numbers that we look at? I'll, I'll have to come back and pull that. I haven't looked at it.
Christopher Hume: Okay.
Christopher Hume: Do we know how many people are getting rejected by this? Like how many people we kick out because we found their phone number?
Marcus Irven: Oh, that's a good question.
Christopher Hume: Where are we flat. We have unique phone numbers now. That was February 10th. Okay. Okay. Yeah, that's February 10th. I don't want people to get in a situation where they like, they have an account. We find their phone number, then we're just like, you can't make an account anymore. And then they're like, wait, but I don't, I have 30 accounts, so I don't even remember which one it's a part of.
Marcus Irven: It's still a part of all 30 of those. That's the thing, right? They can, they can still log into any of those. We didn't, we didn't force it across old data. It's just, we're not allowing people to sign up if it already exists, if that makes sense.
Christopher Hume: Yeah, yeah.
Marcus Irven: They can still log into any of those 30 accounts a day. That's not that, that's, that's not a specific problem. How about from a customer support? We've just had the one user, right? That was like, we can't, I can't get in. Like, that's, that's interesting. Yeah.
Christopher Hume: Was that someone who was on a corporate account? I was switching to a different one. Yep. Yep. All right. It's the other way around. They got a personal. They were switching to corporate. But I don't know how you find support from the login page. I mean, if you're like a low, like, like knowing where to go for support is like kind of hard, right?
Marcus Irven: Yeah. If you're logged out, you mean? Yeah. Don't do have anything on just like dot com.
Christopher Hume: We do. It's a little bit of a maze to find it. It is amazed. It is amazed. Yeah. Marcus, I would be. I do think that we wanted to. Know like, like who's hitting the friction point here? Then it's fine. Like it's fine if we're just like hey, like the people that were abusing the system before hit the friction point. But we want to have a solution for those people. You know, it's, it's like we want to have something that like brings them back into fold.
Marcus Irven: Like, like what would that look like?
Christopher Hume: It could just be like a need help button and then it's just an email or a chat. The chat bot probably. Well the thing I'm wondering is like when we send an email or the phone verification, do we have the ability to just be like, hey, you already have an account, this is the account you can use. But if you verify here's the code. Because everyone, like if someone's phone verifying, that's our, that's our mfa, right? Like that's our.
Marcus Irven: So yeah, I mean this is this interesting, this sort of topic came up also with some of the first time user experience stuff we're doing. Anya. Like the problem is we're using auth0 for doing authentication and so we can't really like auth them without them going through auth0's kind of username password thing. I think, I assume that Auth0 has some sort of one time password kind of solution, but we're not using it. So I'd have to do a little research there. But I mean totally we should be able to allow people, I mean ideally we would allow people to log in just with their phone number instead of sending a code kind of thing. I think that would be great. But it's a little bit tricky because it's not our system that's doing the auth piece and we can't just like let them through without them entering a username password. I mean we are telling them that hey, you know, there's another account with this, this, this, this. I mean we could do something where you know, we could send them that email or. But the problem is it's like what do we do for 30 of them? You know, we could text them the email or something if that's helpful. Where they could go through a lost password flow if they don't know their emails.
Christopher Hume: But in retrospect what we probably should have done is just started from square one where like the code is something like if you, you can pitch in 30 seconds. Oh shit. Okay. Like I think probably what we should have done is something like the uniqueness filter starts today. It doesn't look back. And so for the first two weeks, everyone can still be fraudulent. But then when they come back, they're like, oh, I did the verification. Like, I know, because there was no. There's no phone verification before. So in their minds, they're like.
Christopher Hume: They don't even. Like. Like, once you do the verification, We've been doing phone verification.
Marcus Irven: Right. For. For two months or something. Or months. Where we asked. Yeah. Where we text them the code and they have to enter it. Like we've been doing that since January something. But what is. But we weren't enforcing any uniqueness. We were just like verifying that they have a phone number.
Christopher Hume: Clint. Marcus. I have to go for a pitch that sounds like I don't even know who it is. I think, I think what I want to know is of the people who are not converting in the sense of like they, they're getting past this verification step, how many of them are being stopped because they themselves don't want to put in a code or a number and how many of them are getting stopped because we found a uniqueness number and actually like, they're just like, they don't have a place to go if it's like, you know, if it's super, super unbalanced, then we should just like know that and be aware of it.
Marcus Irven: Okay, I'll. I'll. I'll do some, some digging there and more interpretation if we need to need it. Chris, anything on your end? Like you've been asking for this for, for weeks or is this. Have you noticed this?
Christopher Hume: Not yet. Because I haven't been pre. Reaching. Reaching out to people right. When they sign up anymore. But it's something that we can probably experiment again with now. The quality is higher. I think it'll just be interesting to see how like this is going to feed into everything. It's going to let us try to do early interventions again. It's going to make the training of the digital ads better because there's higher quality people coming in. It's just kind of like. Yeah, but I haven't seen anything from my workflow yet because I've been nothing.
Marcus Irven: Nothing that we can look at to see if we feel like we do have higher quality people from. From that. I mean, I'll. We could pull some numbers from like, you know, just from an engagement point of view. But I'm just curious if there's some another thing that you would look at.
Christopher Hume: I would do trial conversion to paid. Right.
Marcus Irven: Yeah, we gotta wait for that. It hasn't been enough time, but we can do that another week, I think. All right, cool.
Christopher Hume: Okay, awesome. Thanks, Marcus.
Marcus Irven: Thanks. Talk to you soon.
Christopher Hume: Thanks, Marcus.