Christopher Hume: Like not that much we can do. Without checking with them, right? Like I can look at someone's encounter types and be like oh yeah these are all screwed up but like how screwed up so I can like get rid of the stuff that's clearly wrong like this oh does Julia want this one deleted? Well I don't even know what template this is so I don't know. So it's kind of a mess so that's just for your awareness. Yeah. Okay then the. House has this week gone oh, it's been great yeah. So I want to fly for you one that Ryan is going to be out next week he's on vacation so he just you in the trenches I don't hopefully it's another week like this week so that's not too much of a lift. But I know you talked about kind of like where else can we kind of use you we have plenty of places there's two things that we're going to need help with one is just like custom template building. Okay so we can have like a more detailed walkthrough this next week but I just want to kind of talk you through it and kind of see if you were game so we can develop custom templates for people. It's kind of a big time suck. So let me just show you so I'm on your account. Okay let's. Okay is this one yeah so this one is a custom template right? Yeah yeah so for anyone what you can do. Is go in here. And like so this is what the AI reads to generate their node so customers can't see this and we don't want to give customers access to this for a lot of reasons so security concern and it's also a. Most of them I'm sure you've noticed by now are not super in love with technology so like showing them like oh let's do some prompt engineering and make sure you're coding your you know looks good.
Gioia Garden: Yeah.
Christopher Hume: Not the best experience for them but when we have like a high value customer or someone who's willing to pay for it we can actually get in here and adjust them ourselves so like you could like right here you could be like super granular and be like I actually want a day day month stuff like that. Then kind of how we typically do it is you would copy this to your account you'd be editing it like this on your account and then generating notes on your account to see what the changes look like. And then it's something like oh shit this one keeps getting messed up let me ask chat GPT how I can do a better prompt so it's a lot of back and forth like a kind of iterative process but it's something that customers find a lot of value in and I think if we could offer to more people would kind of help our. Yeah just help retention and it's just sort of we like me and Jackson just don't have the bandwidth to do it.
Gioia Garden: Yeah yeah I could absolutely jump in on something like that.
Christopher Hume: So then we'll do a session maybe so Jackson has a template I need to fix on Monday. So we're going to talk about this and talk like strategically on how we want to do this for people moving forward and then I'll set up like a 30 minute 45 minute meeting with you so we can like act I can actually show you how to do it and then we can start giving you opportunity to work on customer templates so that's one. The second thing is I'm seeing customers come in the door who are just like so high value. Like we have this woman she was the CEO of a two person clinic so like I feel like I need to come up with a process. So we flag those people and have you call them like almost as soon as you can like as soon as you're online and you see that person just create an account you call them you call them the next day you send them an email because get them in the door we want them to actually experience the software and we want to sell them as much shit as we can. Because like we have so much value and like people really struggle to see it sometimes when they're on their own so is that something you'd be interested in?
Gioia Garden: Oh yeah yeah.
Christopher Hume: Cool and then the last thing is the SMS channel like I think most of them are pretty benign so I think you can just respond to them without asking me if something's like really specific or weird let me know. But like most like. Nate I have a question great to hear from you here's the link to our support calendar.
Gioia Garden: Yeah and so I was looking at the channel yesterday. It didn't seem like there was anything urgent there was just some like automated messages from other from customers or like stop I did see a message that said like. I was reach out to Nate but it got cut off how do you see the full no that
Christopher Hume: someone just didn't send the right message.
Gioia Garden: Yeah okay so then there's that is there a way to search by telephone number in admin so we know who this is no
Christopher Hume: honestly I don't think so I this is one just it's sort of a limitation of our software right now I can search in some of my tools. To see like what's going on here. But. People who are having trouble. Yeah so really Joy would just be like handling like the easy ones where it's like Nate I have a problem and you're like oh my God I'm so sorry to hear that here's the link happy to jump on anytime that works for you.
Gioia Garden: Okay okay cool yeah okay sweet yeah okay.
Christopher Hume: That's all we got just like it's been I know Adam's super impressed I've been super impressed like it's unbelievable how much of a load this is taken off of us and I hope to be able to get you into more meetings with customers or upselling for onboarding all that good stuff. This week when I expected last week to look like so I'm sorry it couldn't have been reversed but you know now every week will seem easy after that
Gioia Garden: yeah yeah it's really fun I think it was a good training.
Christopher Hume: Okay let's let me just put time on your calendar right now Joya for next week so let's say next Wednesday we will have a 45 minute. Site template. Building.
Christopher Hume: Awesome oh my God so sorry I used your wrong email this morning
Gioia Garden: oh yeah I saw that I was not I was I was not concerned at all okay yeah it's my bad it's so
Christopher Hume: funny my old job they would have like put me to death for that so it's yeah I always get like that jolt of oh my God is that the wrong email and then I check that it was I'm like of course okay great.
Gioia Garden: Shots like template building got it I see it
Christopher Hume: do you have any like any feedback for me either on what we're doing how the process is working or even the product I know the appointment stuff is all jacked up but like is there anything just like human to human that you've seen and we try and do a lot of analytics a lot of quality qualitative analysis.
Gioia Garden: Well actually something I'm curious about because I was looking through the like the new website and all that are we not really marketing jot cred.
Christopher Hume: We are I don't know if it's on the website but we're definitely still marketing and trying to sell it
Gioia Garden: okay so I was trying to I was like okay when I talk to my therapist friends in Denver like should I be saying like oh yeah you could get credentialed through jot psych or is that like
Christopher Hume: a hundred percent so we have this. Yeah. Interesting so it's like way deep down as like a sub.
Gioia Garden: Shot there it is okay.
Christopher Hume: I think the. I joke with Nate I'm like Nate you actually have to be stopped everything jot site job bill jot audit jot cred we're coming out with jot I don't know what we're actually jot meat I think the first time I heard it I thought of like butcher meat as and so that's like all everything I say like jot meat like that sounds horrible. We we had this new offering called jot start which is like we it's like we do the credentialing and we do the website so I don't think you need to worry about that right now but if and when we have you start calling customer or trialers right when they go I think that's like a great thing like hey we'll set up your website through your credentialing. Like.
Gioia Garden: Yeah yeah cool okay actually so I saw Becca's message about asking people to try out jot meat I don't see I don't have I might just have like a different version or something or different access but I was trying to set up and I couldn't find like a telehealth link to even.
Christopher Hume: Suspect it turned it on for you.
Gioia Garden: Sweet great and then okay is my my last request for customer support like my last thought and I think I know I shared this with you last time so having something that clusters who reached out about what bug would be awesome so we know how to who to follow up with once resolved but also having some sort of way to standardize like when a bug is fixed like making sure it's like announced maybe in like a certain channel or whatever. Yeah because sometimes I notice like oh like Lee has emailed someone fix but I didn't I picked it up because I was looking at this like email thread or something rather than like it wasn't like announced you know what I mean?
Christopher Hume: I mean like I never know when stuff is fixed so it's a great point that like on the front lines like we need to know yep it's something I don't know when we'll have it fixed but it's something we need to work on.
Gioia Garden: Okay yeah, so that's my only feedback for customer support and then. Yeah I think that's really it.
Christopher Hume: Awesome okay well Joya we'll meet next Wednesday if you need anything in the meantime let me know i'm sure we'll be slacking about. The front stuff next week but could you just respond to the one or two SMSs that are hanging out in there?
Gioia Garden: Yes. Before I let you go thank you which ones do you feel like are
Christopher Hume: hanging out just the Tumi one where she's. Like I'm having an issue. Oh it doesn't say her name I look up her name okay it says
Gioia Garden: I've been having a text issue that's preventing me from using the service
Christopher Hume: yeah just if you could just follow be like hi I'm so sorry to hear that could you grab time with our support team using this link?
Gioia Garden: Yes.
Christopher Hume: Awesome all right I the next meeting if you need anything to just let me know okay great thanks Chris.