Becca Bressler: Hey Krista. How's it going?
Christa Aslanian: It's going well I don't know why my camera's not on but.
Becca Bressler: I actually need to do something to you set up on my end thank you so much for yeah for green this with us. What do you use now for telehealth?
Christa Aslanian: I use zoom.
Becca Bressler: Right okay you use zoom it's
Christa Aslanian: like it's basically through a thing.
Becca Bressler: So got it so that's your EHR and it's like a built in telehealth feature. Does it open in a different tab for you or how okay, so it's like you have your like zoom in one tab and then you can click in around Athena and then does it like turn into picture in picture basically as you're clicking through okay great that's kind of what I would expect. Okay so I would love just give me one second I need to actually get you on this software or we have to put you behind what we call like a feature flag so that you can see what we're doing here so just me one quick second. Sorry I lost you for a second where are you right here. Okay. So the email associated with your current jobs like account is this one right see as Lennie in 27. Okay great so I've got that. So a couple of things to know about this feature and actually we'll just like walk through it together okay great so I can show you how it works but there's some like key things to note about like for your patients. And like how they might get this so
Christa Aslanian: you want me to log into Jot
Becca Bressler: psych yes so can you first log into jobs I can just share your screen with me.
Christa Aslanian: Can you see it?
Becca Bressler: I don't yet see your screen okay?
Christa Aslanian: There we go.
Becca Bressler: Okay awesome so. Krista that's so interesting can you click those stars again I feel like I saw this last time we talked. The this the stars that open up the like chat side panel oh never mind it's probably because you already signed this completed it I noticed that the chat is gone like the audits there but the chat but I'm assuming that's because you already completed it yes great I'm always like I don't
Christa Aslanian: know why this patient comes up all the time it's so weird. Like I was like why does Julie Frady keep coming up like I. When I log in I'm like why does I keep seeing her
Becca Bressler: oh is this the first thing you see. Yeah like your URL is autofilling so like if you're typing in jot psych in the URL bar it's maybe auto filling to like this particular page yes that would make sense yeah I have the same experience with lots of softwares okay so let me walk you through how this works Krista so schedule for a second yes so the key thing here about the our telehealth is and I'd be curious to hear how it works for Aetna. You do not have like one link that is always your room it is actually tied to the calendar event so we're using okay so like every calendar event which means that to set up a telehealth call you have to do it by creating something on your schedule and when it's created on your schedule and click telehealth it creates a room for you and that room there's a grace period so it's open 15 minutes before the appointment for you and for the patient or they there's like a waiting room but but if it's you can't really get into it later so it's like one it's pretty crucial that the time on the schedule is the actual time of the appointment. So let's walk through I want to walk through an example of like how this would work. Do you ever do like appointment scheduling through job sites or like appointment reminders through Jot site?
Becca Bressler: Sometimes yes okay so with an appointment reminder. So so yeah let's go to the schedule. I'll stop talking and we can just do it together. Also Krista how often are these right like you have you get suggested appointments and things like that a lot oh that's awesome.
Christa Aslanian: In my discuss my appointments. Yeah and then they just schedule it on my schedule
Becca Bressler: like do you typically accept them like I'm curious if you
Christa Aslanian: then sort of just cuz I'm like oh like cool because it's it usually will like line up with my other I don't know sometimes I do
Becca Bressler: yeah so actually just one quick follow up as like a little aside then do you ever get to the recorder page from the home screen because you're like oh I have this appointment next and you click like record session yes so that is then how you get into your session is like when it's on your calendar okay cool that's awesome so so let's go to the schedule for a second and I'll walk you through how this works even create a test patient me we can make me a test patient so we're going to create a new appointment so hit new appointment.
Christa Aslanian: Sorry.
Becca Bressler: Yeah and let's like make me a test basically.
Christa Aslanian: Oh my God what just happened. Sorry we're on Amazon what the hell. Okay.
Becca Bressler: And then you'll need to have my phone number in here because this is going to like. Text me reminders and stuff like that okay okay cool.
Christa Aslanian: Okay.
Becca Bressler: So 925. 451. 0 3 3 7.
Becca Bressler: Email or anything nah that's okay I think this will be good okay so the way that this works and you it's already clicked but you'll select telehealth virtual session and that's actually like a key thing you have to do to like create the room. So this is for what time is it are you in is it 8 15? Mountain okay great perfect okay so hit save for me. We'll just save the appointment and let's go to that appointment right now. You might need to oh yeah there we go record session. Okay so what you'll see is this telehealth ready to join so a couple things I want to make you really aware of because this is really crucial. You have to join the session and start the recording so the telehealth session is not a replacement for the audio capture both need to happen okay so but let's like test run so join the session and I just kind of want to show you how this works. So it should guide you to like set up your camera yeah great. And then what you need to do next so there's going to probably be some UX changes here but if you hit join call. This is when you will see the ability to copy and invite link or send the invite to the patient okay so it's worth noting that this could only then happen like 15 minutes before the call because you can't really get into the room otherwise. But the way to do it would be to like set up the appointment reminder so if you like have a patient in the appointment and they you have their like do you typically have your patient cell phone numbers or emails associated with their profiles?
Christa Aslanian: In Jot site yes not always but yeah.
Becca Bressler: So it'd be great for if you're using this with a few patients to test it like one way to do it but you're familiar with how to set up appointment reminders in the schedule yes yes great so so the way that this should work is that by setting up an appointment reminder and crucially selecting that telehealth checkbox the appointment reminder should have a link to the session but so let's do this now just so you can kind of see so if you select send to patient it should be me because we're on this test send invite to patient. Great I've got it and I'll just kind of show you. Cool. I've muted myself in the video so that there's not a lot of echo but yes. There we go. Oh great so you'll see that it's recording when you hit so then you already recorded because you want to go back to add a second invitation I would hit add another dictation to the session that's kind of how you would keep going. Hit let's just try that for a minute hit addiction. Oh interesting. Oh here we go okay great so now it's recording and it's going. And then if you basically I don't want to give you too much instruction for how to use it I think the key piece of this is getting your feedback like is it intuitive how you use it what are you like expecting and wanting that's not happening you know like I'm going to hang up here so but like you know it's it's a key part of user research for us is like oh I tried to do this and it didn't work and then we get to hear oh great Krista was expecting to be able to do this and she couldn't do it you know or like oh I went looking for this and I couldn't find it and we can either think to ourselves oh it's not intuitive how to get there or oh we don't have that and Krista wants it so we should build it you know so like I don't want to prompt you to much kind of how this works for you. Any little bit is helpful like placement on the page do you want it to be somewhere else you know like does this block the information you're looking for right like scroll up and down like truly anything and everything we want to hear it and yeah so I so I guess it'd be great if you even just like picked like two or three patients to try this get them set up and then if like in the next couple of days I don't know when your next patient is but like
Christa Aslanian: so I was going to use it Thursday for a couple of patients that I'm doing through Mountain Bluebird that was my plan okay
Becca Bressler: so maybe we can set up could we set up like oh I'm going to be on a shadow. Friday. I don't know if you want to send me some notes over email or or actually maybe even at the. Oh, I'll be on a flight sorry I'm just like here
Christa Aslanian: I have a work trip you want to like catch up Monday morning I can
Becca Bressler: do that we catch up Monday morning yeah totally. What's your schedule look like let me see here.
Christa Aslanian: I'm going to look at my phone real quick. Okay. So I could do like 8:30 a.m or 8 a.m again.
Becca Bressler: Okay let's do you is is that your only availability I can move some stuff around if so but
Christa Aslanian: I have like okay so I have a patient at 9:00 a.m and then 10:00 a.m. and then I have another patient from 11. That I do an in home thing
Becca Bressler: you're nine and hour is your 9:00 a.m.
Christa Aslanian: an hour to no it's only 30 minutes I have 9 30 to 10 open
Becca Bressler: what if we do 9 30 to 10 that's 11 30 to 12 months. Let me send you an invite and then we'll check in then. Great and just yeah reminder again. You have to record still while you're in the telehealth
Christa Aslanian: I really don't it looks easy though cuz it's like boom it's like right it's right there.
Becca Bressler: I just kind of you know wouldn't want someone to not and then forget and you know not have but thank you so much Krista super looking forward to talking about this me too.
Christa Aslanian: I'm going to use it. I at least have three patients I'm going to use it for on Thursday so I've got feedback.
Becca Bressler: Yes that's great and even if you can like send me like a quick email like you know we can regroup but it would be awesome to just kind of be able to send my engineers feedback really quickly even if you're like you don't have to tell me what you like but even if it's totally didn't work for me and you just send me a quick email like that's awesome too but we.
Christa Aslanian: Okay sounds good.
Becca Bressler: Great thank you so much. Have a good one.
Christa Aslanian: I'll see you at the latest well I'll send you an email or something just notes and then we'll talk base next week.
Becca Bressler: That sounds great.
Christa Aslanian: Bye Becca.