Aeliya Grover: Yeah. Nice to see you.
Aeliya Grover: How are you doing?
Jackson Bierfeldt: I'm okay. I'm okay. How is. Are you. Is Chicago still extremely cold, or are you out of the vortex now?
Aeliya Grover: Yes, you know, the wind, the cold, hopefully it'll ease up a little bit. But not this week.
Jackson Bierfeldt: That's unfortunately the same way in Washington, D.C. right now. Normally should be a bit warmer here, but it's reminding me of my time back in Chicago right now. I've been going out and getting that, like, nose freezing thing, and, yeah, it's kind of nice in some ways, but. Great. So thank you so much. I'm glad to know that you're interested in doing the summer internship here. I just wanted to check and actually confirm first. So are you looking forward to just, like, the summer internship after this quarter, or are you interested in maybe doing something in the spring quarter as well?
Aeliya Grover: Yeah, definitely part time in the spring, if that'll help with the onboarding for the summer.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Okay, great. That is good to know. And then. I'm sorry, is it Aleyah? How should I say your name?
Aeliya Grover: Aliyah.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Aliyah, how. What. What are you studying again? What's your course load look like right now?
Aeliya Grover: Yeah, I'm studying computer science and economics. So for cs, I've completed my introductionary computer science course, and I'm currently taking computer graphics and computer vision, and I'll be taking. I just took this green. I'll be taking Algos in the spring. And then in terms of my economics, I've completed principles of Micro and Macroeconomics, and I'm currently in financial accounting.
Jackson Bierfeldt: When are you taking econometrics?
Aeliya Grover: Econometrics? Either next quarter or in. Or sometime next year.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Okay. I remember that always being the one everyone talked about as the scary one.
Aeliya Grover: Professor Gonzalez?
Jackson Bierfeldt: I don't. I don't know. I was never in economics. I just remember that was the class where everyone's like, oh, no, we have to, like, actually do real math.
Aeliya Grover: All right, I'll keep an eye on it.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah. Okay, that sounds great. Well, one thing I want to just, like, take the opportunity to learn a little bit more about right now is your experience with software development. Because, you know, I know in computer science classes you learn to write code and you learn some things, but, you know, then it's a whole different world with, like, actually building things and using the tools. And I. I saw that you've, like, worked on a couple projects, but I'm just curious, like, how far back does that go? What have you worked on? What are you interested in? In the world of like actually building web based software these days.
Aeliya Grover: Yeah. So I'm really interested in learning how to build scalable, user centered pieces of software that like actually have an impact on people's lives. So I interned at a. Cool. It was ranked number one. On the Inc 5000. But I entered as a project manager and that experience really taught me that I really want to be hands on in the projects that I'm working on, like building the software behind them and really getting the products that I'm working on shipped out to people and getting like users and people using the things I'm creating. So prior to that, I had started this company called Hands in, which is an American Sign Language learning platform. And with that I learned just like I implemented previous skills in course making and used TypeScript to generate the front end for it. I also learned about Full Stack and how to put something into production, connecting a backend API to our model that was categorizing the landmarks of the hand to the ASL sign language path. And then from there I worked with a boot student to deploy and deliver his MVP for a voter informational platform. Through that I learned more about how to integrate with Firebase and how to use authentication and databases and storage.
Jackson Bierfeldt: You've built a Firebase Full Stack app?
Aeliya Grover: Yeah. Most recently I worked on a hackathon where we fully shipped a web app that is like a fitness app. It taught me about how to use the Gemini API, calling so pushing inputs and getting an output and integrating with a chatbot, a generative content creation. And then also and taught me about, more about like the media pipe, which, which how to do like analysis using the, the data points. So that's a little bit about my learnings outside of the classroom. And then of course in the classroom I've developed a foundation in Java, Python and C.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Okay, cool. How did Gemini get your business for that hackathon? Are they, do they give like college students like a billion free credits? Is that there?
Aeliya Grover: Yeah, see they, they give out 300 free credits. So then we were using just the Gemini API, like last version like 4.5 or 3, and then we were just running, we had it. So it was like, okay, enter the Persona of a fitness instructor and given the structural input of the weight, the goals and the preferences of this user, output a like three to four day schedule in this specific JSON format. So then we could export it and then give it to the user.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Oh, that's so cool. Yeah. And what about like agent workflows? Have you started doing anything or have you played at all with building things with. Agents that are like using tools and like moving in loops, things like that.
Aeliya Grover: Not yet. That's something I really, really want to like learn and like get my hands on and like just jump into like working and learning about. So. Yeah, well, I've mainly been.
Aeliya Grover: Yeah, I've mainly been in like the guess web app dev this past year. This is an area definitely that I want to go into because I think that's like, it's pushing the boundaries of what's possible today, especially with advancements with AI just being on that frontier and like getting to use like latest technologies and bring them to life and bring them to the hands of users is definitely something that I'm interested in.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah, no, it's, it's super interesting and no, no problem at all that you haven't gotten to work with that. Yeah, I mean you're doing so many things. You just named like 10 side projects.
Jackson Bierfeldt: So you can't, you can't do. You can't do everything. The reason I ask is because I think one of the main opportunities we're starting to set up for our summer interns is that we want to build some internal tools basically that really help us like jumpstart our development process using more like agentic workflows. I mean, we're already a team, you know, we're a very small team, only five developers. We're all already using CLAUDE code to write all of our code. At this point, 100% of our code comes out of that in some way. But what we haven't quite fully adapted to yet are things like how do we keep our documentation in sync with the code that we're writing? And when we're doing testing, how do we make sure that we know which tests to run when? And how do we make it so that all five of us who have our own different setups with CLAUDE code have that synced together. How do we make it so that non technical team members can find a bug and say, oh, hey, let me put this in Slack, and maybe something goes and finds that bug, looks at the code base, figures out if it could maybe get a PR ready so that when one of the engineers gets to it, it's kind of already waiting for them. There's just a million things that lots of other people are starting to do at organizations that we want to make sure that we're staying on top of. And we thought some of those would be very fun projects for someone to come in and help us build internal tools for. That's not to say that there wouldn't be any opportunity to work on the APIs that actually go and work with our customers. But I do think that initially a lot of the scope of the internship would be helping us figure out our internal tooling. Like, we as a team would be like the primary consumers of the work and then go from there, especially given that we're in this highly regulated medical high trust field for people who aren't coming on full time. I just want to set the expectation that, you know, shipping code and working on interfaces that go like, right to our customers might not be the first couple of projects. It'll probably be some internal tooling that makes complete sense.
Aeliya Grover: And also it's like by working on this product, it'll make the engineers even more efficient. So indirectly it will be helping the benefit of the final product. Yeah, I think that makes sense.
Jackson Bierfeldt: For what it's worth, I think it's weight. Cool. Like, honestly, I'd rather be working on the internal tooling agent stuff. It actually sounds more fun to me than having to do the other stuff. But you know, some. Sometimes you don't get to work on the coolest, the coolest stuff and you gotta let the interns do it.
Aeliya Grover: Yeah, well, no, that makes complete sense. Like, I feel like, especially with the importance of integrating with modern technology and in order to like really be on that frontier, you have to be integrating everything you can to continue pushing it.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Exactly. So one other question. Where do you get most of your information about like, what's new and in the world of AI, like how do you keep on top of, on top of things?
Aeliya Grover: I'd say LinkedIn would probably be like my main source of information. I follow a few companies so like seeing their updates and like, like I recently been interested in like the gen AI space, so like following like a bunch of like, not just like the top guys like Google and like Gemini and like chatgpt, but also like the startups that are coming out. Because I think a lot of like what you can tell of where the problems are and where, where the, where the future of the industry is headed is through the startups. So following a bunch of startups, following a bunch of like accelerator programs and seeing like what companies are coming out of it and then how, what tools are they using to create their products and how do those products work? I think is where I'm getting most of my information from.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah, very cool. And then what about like specific frameworks or technologies that you're following or using or even just interested in? Could you name some of those?
Aeliya Grover: Yes, for sure. Like, I guess right now for computer vision, just learning about the different frameworks of like a cnn. So like there's like the Google, Google Ariel and we just like learned in class about these like a bunch of different frameworks. So I'd say like, in terms of like the algorithms themselves, like definitely in class is where I'm learning the majority of like the backend, like efficiency. And then also I'm pretty Sure. Like in algorithms, they'll talk a lot more about, like, the different data structures and how to make things efficient.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah. What about more like web development frameworks? You mentioned that you'd used Firebase before for that one project. What other frameworks or packages? Of software development tools have you used or are you looking at.
Aeliya Grover: Oh yeah, I guess for like my friend recently introduced me to Supabase, so that's definitely a technology that I want to check out and test out. And then other than that like, I think, I guess with gen AI, like a lot of the different like base 44 lovable, cursor, like those platforms I've been testing out a little bit and like playing around with. I think those are if that's what you're referring to in terms of like things out there that's currently on my. I think I've explored a lot of the like, like cursor, lovable, base 44 Replit. But I'm, I'm really curious about Supabase. I've seen a lot of people use it and it seems pretty similar to Firebase.
Jackson Bierfeldt: So we're actually built on Supabase. Yeah, I mean even, even companies our size still use it, so it is a great thing for. Oh, and what did they say? Weekend projects scaling to millions? I think that's exactly what they do. Well, Aaliyah, great. Thank you so much for the time. I'm talking to a couple other people today and tomorrow and then we'll be in touch about next steps. But yeah, so I think you'll receive a little more information soon and it's good to know that you're interested in the summer internship as well as maybe doing some part time work and the spring as a way of just sort of ramping up.
Aeliya Grover: Yeah, for sure. Okay, great.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Well, nice speaking with you today.
Aeliya Grover: Yeah, thank you. Bye Jackson.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Thank you.