lisa: How are you?
Emily Kaiser: Hi.
Christopher Hume: Wonderful. I don't think we can hear you if you're trying to speak. Love your background though, Yates. Great minds think alike. Can't hear you Yates, but it looks like you're muted now. The mute button is. Left ish middle left. Of your screen.
lisa: We were just on Zoom. I wonder if sometimes like if I swap between Zoom and Google Meet it does that. Also you can hear me, but I'm coming off of laryngitis. So I probably oh my gosh my audio works. My voice doesn't work. So I'll be minimally speaking this meeting.
Christopher Hume: Great to meet you.
lisa: Yes, no need to.
Yates Brown: Strange. Yeah just swapping I think between Zoom and Google Meet. Like I didn't change anything.
Yates Brown: My settings are all.
Christopher Hume: The joys of telemeetings, right?
Christopher Hume: Never know what the quirk is going to be that messes up the audio.
lisa: Yeah.
Christopher Hume: Nice to meet you. Thanks for kind of scheduling time with us.
Yates Brown: It's a pleasure to meet you guys as well. We were definitely drawn to the psychiatric nurse practitioner focus of job psych and wonderful. Yeah, you guys had raised recently. And. I think the psychiatric nurse in PF Focus plus the documentation. Guidance or assistance is built into the product was very intriguing. So would love to learn more.
Christopher Hume: Yeah definitely. Well it's before I jump in and start telling you all about Joutsi introduce myself from Chris I do growth operations here at Jotzych. So what that means is I work with a lot of our potential customers and help them learn about the software and then work with our existing customers to make sure they have a great experience. And I'm on the call today with Emily my colleague Emily. She's shadowing, she's getting spun up on some of these work streams. Great.
Emily Kaiser: And if you decide to try us out.
Christopher Hume: Wonderful. Yates, typically how we take these calls off is I would love to just learn a little bit more about your clinic about you about Lisa about you as well though I know you have laryngitis so or no requirement to share. Don't want this to be painful. Physically painful anyway. But Yates would love to hear about kind of you and your clinic and why you're looking for an AI scribe in the first place.
Yates Brown: Yeah so Lisa and I started form psychiatry just a few months ago. We've actually only been in business about two months or so. We kicked off with three clinicians where we've scaled it to five now hopefully six as of today. Typically dealing with commercially insured patients between the ages of 18 and 65. We see all your sort of. More common mood disorders anxiety depression ADHD OCD those are the typically those are typically the conditions we treat. You know we do not have, you know do not utilize any sort of scribing tool. As of right now. It's a tough one with scribing calls, a tough decision to make. Because you know obviously it's. You know the financial ROI tends not to show up in in the near term. It's more of a medium longer term. Type thing, but we know that this is something that clinicians likely want and will improve the quality of documentation and you know maybe. Just make life a little bit easier. And that's you know that excites us. So so yeah. That's a little bit about us. I'd love to learn more about you.
Christopher Hume: And then just a few quick follow up questions in terms of we're helping to make life a little bit easier on the clinicians. But you also mentioned sort of the compliance and coding side of things. So is that sort of consideration as well making sure that your kind of codes are accurate any fairly new so hopefully no issues yet but have you run into any concerns and sort of audits or kickbacks or clawbacks or anything like that.
Yates Brown: That not yet thankfully but as we scale and see that becoming an issue and that's part of the reason why we sort of initiated the search.
Christopher Hume: Yeah okay well wonderful. And then I guess sort of the last question because I'm sure I have plenty more during this call maybe the last question for now. Is that are you all sort of prescribers or do you also have therapists on staff and are you mostly in person or remote or a combination?
Yates Brown: Yeah mostly remote and it's all prescribers on staff.
Christopher Hume: Okay and then are you said you're up to six hour is everyone full time or are people still getting their case loads up and running?
Yates Brown: Yeah everybody we're still getting caseloads up and running.
Christopher Hume: Okay perfect. That was super, super helpful. Sort of what we do here is that I can walk you through we have a pretty standard jot psych presentation. So I'll walk you through it. I'll try to highlight some of the aspects that are most relevant to you. And then sometimes give this to groups bigger than two. So since it's just the three of us you guys can jump in cut me off ask questions dive deeper and then we can do it. We'll make sure to talk about how you can try Jot psych. There are sort of opportunities to try us before making a full commitment. And then we can go through a demo as well. And that's where we can really do the fun stuff. Try out the software doing some of it live. If you guys would like we can sign you up for trials. We can go from there.
Yates Brown: Cool. Yeah. Love to see the presentation.
Christopher Hume: Perfect. Let me. Hear I'm sharing the screen here.
Yates Brown: And I might go off camera if that's okay with you guys. It's something some issue with my internet connection so might make it a little easier.
Christopher Hume: No of course certainly. No issues there. Drop psych. So as you discussed Yates. We we only do behavioral health and you know psych is in the name. So the majority of our customers are interests. Or psychiatric nurse practitioners. And we think. For our motto is that we want to make sure that your one saving time on notes. But perhaps more importantly or just as importantly that you're getting reimbursed for the care you're providing and it's not source of stress and anxiety or something that down the line perhaps you're out of compliance and you have to deal with those clawbacks. So in addition to giving people time back we want to make sure that we're also giving them peace of mind back. Both to the providers themselves and the administrators in the practice.
Yates Brown: Makes sense.
Christopher Hume: That's like very easy to use and get up and running with. Like to joke that it truly does only take three minutes. But of course if I say that now and you guys try it we'll run into some hiccup to a hiccup. But I would love for you both to kind of sign up for a trial on this call and you can keep me honest there and we can we can have a timer going to see if we can break the three minute mark. And what's great about JotSec is so I'm sure you're familiar with how AI scraps work. You have this up and running during a session but you can also record your clinical assessment after a session. Then both pieces of audio be combined. Or if for whatever reason you have a patient who's not comfortable with recording during a session. You can actually just explain in plain English what happens afterward. So I can take that and turn it into a note.
Yates Brown: That's great.
Christopher Hume: Talking about compliance here Yates. So another thing that sets us apart aside from the fact that we eat dream about behavioral health and psychiatry is that we take public rules and guidance and we build those into our compliance engine, our audit and I'll walk you through this in the demo. And then you can actually customize that yourself. So if you have your contracts with those payers or if just as an organization you have rules that you want everyone on staff to follow, we can build those into your job psych and make sure that we're again, as I said giving you peace of mind in addition to time back in your day. That's great. Of course. They're transparent up to date. It's easy to make an attestation or an edit to make sure you're in compliance. And then as a supervisor walk through this as well you can see your team. S compliance at a at a glance. So jot seg will break it down by note and by provider and let you know how they're doing in terms of compliance and flag for you providers or specific notes that might be in need of a helping hand. So you can kind of get all that taken care of in house before there's any insurance companies or billers or anything like that.
Yates Brown: So cool.
Christopher Hume: Other things you can do with chat psych as well. So you can send forms and do lab orders. You can generate any sort of document. You need whether that's a referral document, school accommodation or anything like that. Additionally you can request payment and jot psych and we also have a billing functionality as well. So some of our customers actually do their billing to insurers through us.
Yates Brown: Interesting. Yeah.
Christopher Hume: You can customize your templates and jot psych. You can see your patients, all your patients information in JotSych. As I said and create those custom forms too. And the last thing before I come up for Aaron, see if there's any questions here. Of course we're fully HIPAA compliant. Just you know like to send it off the bat. It's something that should be obvious, but I do want to be very explicit. We're HIPAA compliant. Take this extremely seriously. And the standard settings and jot psych how it works recording during a session. A session is transcribed into a transcript with PII redacted. So if you say something like, hey Chris, how's your anxiety today? The transcripts will automatically say hey name. How's your anxiety today? And as soon as the note is generated, the audio is destroyed forever. And then if you choose to delete a note, at least the note and the transcript and either you nor access it. And that. S a great thing for security and something we're very proud of. It's a little less great when you're running customer support and someone's deleted the wrong note. We actually can't recover it. It's not just for show.
Yates Brown: But do you like to have a cool feature for sure. Makes patients feel comfortable.
Christopher Hume: Let me pause for a second. I know I've been doing a lot of the talking here. We say any questions so far anything I could answer for you.
Yates Brown: I don't think so. I like that there's so is the. I guess. How does the pricing work if like for instance we don't really need the HR capabilities. Have our own. We'd like to continue to leverage is there. A reduced pricing for just the scribe?
Christopher Hume: Yeah, so the EHR features like all if you're using child suffice in EHR it's most likely going to cost you somewhere in the range of $299 a month for provider. If you're using us just as an AI, it's $150 a month per prescriber. Testimonials and case studies. You know, this is actually a low out of date now. We've broken the 2 million notes mark. So again, this is behavioral health notes or something we're very familiar with. That's all we think about. Read a clinic in our area. To use this and they saw about just under two hours of time savings a day. 80% said the notes are quality. No one said the notes are worse quality. I guess 20% said they were the same. And then we saw some similar results. In Oregon. The last thing here, H and Lisa before we jump into the fun part, which is in demo and maybe the trial is I just wanted to walk you through some of our options for clinics to try Jot Psych. We have three pilots. Opportunities. There is a two weeker, a four weeker and a six week pilot. And you know all the nitty gritty details are on the screen so I won't make this painful and read through them live. But the two weeks is free. That's kind of our lowest touch. Option. Everyone at your clinic can get unlimited access to JotSite. Try it out and then you can make a decision. At the end of those two weeks. We typically recommend the four week split one because we'll develop custom templates for you. And two, we'll come out and visit you in person no matter where you are. And we'll do an in-person training lunch and learn all of that. We've just found especially people who are maybe a little bit more reticent to adopt a new technology that kind of really helps get from the team and gets people to give it a proper try.
Yates Brown: Yeah, makes sense.
Christopher Hume: Any questions here? This is the last thing I wanted to show before we jump into on demo part.
Yates Brown: No questions for me.
Christopher Hume: Wonderful. Well. Ness. Two options for the demo. I can walk you through Job Psych. You see my screen. All that good stuff. We could also sign you up for free trial. There's no credit card or anything like that. If you'd like to walk along with me is that something that would be of interest or would you prefer that I just do it on my side.
Yates Brown: I think we would just prefer for you to do it on your side. I think I am signed up for a free trial. I think I did walk through it. Or would like to confirm I did walk through it. But so I think it's fine if you just take it away. Perfect.
Christopher Hume: For my laptop today takes you to a second more to share my screen without my big monitor here. All right. So this is the Jot psych. Home screen. What we're going to do is we're going to walk through how you record with Jot psych when a note would look like with Jot psych. And then Yates to kind of your specific interests. We're going to go through some of the compliance and audit features and show how those work. So this is the home screen to record. As applies. You press the record button. Select your appointment type. Let's say this is a therapy in med check. Select. Your input type. And then you start recording. If they're on microphone selected. Now you can see that it's capturing the audio. You would have a normal interaction with your patient. As you would. If Jas wasn't running. We work for both in person and remote sessions. At the end of the session. You end the recording. Typically takes between 20 and 40 seconds to generate a note after a session. So you press this generate note button. I'll take you directly to your robust. Is loading for us. Any questions so far?
Yates Brown: No questions.
lisa: No.
Yates Brown: I guess one question. Who's the underlying model provider? Open AI is it's one of Andropics models.
Christopher Hume: That's a great question. I know we use we work with multiple model providers. So we will you know work with one and then we fall back to the other. I know for a fact that we work with both Anthropic and open AI. I'm not sure about some of the other providers. Something I'd like to say though is no like none of the information shared here is used to train models or anything like that. I should have brought this up in security. None of this is kind of used to train a model.
Yates Brown: Yeah, no, that's helpful.
Christopher Hume: And then I'm not sure if you caught me here, but I jumped to another note because the 10 seconds of me explaining how the recording screen work doesn't give much clinical information to work with. But this is an example of what your JotScy note could look like. Within 20 to 40 seconds of a session. On the right hand side you'll see the edit the AI notice assistant under this edit tab. You can just say in plain English whatever changes you'd like make and jot cycle do that for you. This can be formatting changes. Or content changes. Say something like make the HPI narrative. And what's great is that JotSite can learn from that. And it's going to ask you would you like to train this template? If I say yes every time I use the E and M and add on psychotherapy template. You're going to remember that the HPI should be a narrative paragraph. On an audit for you. Take a look because it's an old note. But we'll run an audit here. And it will flag any concerns or changes that you need made. Based off of your rules. We'd let that cook any questions Yates or Lisa about. Recording. Psych about the note. Do they. Would like to show you is kind of a review. So this is the audit center where you can see all of your encounters. The billing codes. And whether or not the note was signed. And then the compliance and quality score. And again this is an opportunity for you and the team. To see what's going on in the clinic identify issues hopefully before they actually become issues. You can see all encounters. You can review by clinician. You can see here. Becca my colleague her notes are only 43% compliant, but at least she's doing a pretty good job with CPT codes. But this would likely be a trigger for you. Or any other supervisors on your team. Kind of talk with Becca and say hey what's going on with your notes? They're not looking very compliant. And 20% of the time it looks like your CPT codes are off.
Yates Brown: Yeah helpful.
Christopher Hume: And here we have the standard rules. That you'll see. Kind of that we've taken from public contracts and public information available on insurance companies. But if you have, as I said those specific insurance contracts, you can create new rules with this button or we can work with you to say upload your contract spit out a bunch of rules and make sure that your clinic is crafted around your specific relationship with those payers.
Yates Brown: That's helpful.
Christopher Hume: Yates Lisa I can of course continue walking through some other features of Jot Psych. But I think I know. We've gone through what I think is most relevant to kind of how you discussed you hope to use the software. Is there anything I missed or anything you'd like me to drill down on deeper with the last seven or so minutes here?
Yates Brown: Nothing on my end?
lisa: That I can think of either?
Yates Brown: Capabilities are very interesting especially the coding piece of things. But again it's definitely on the it's on the higher end expense wise. What we've seen out there. So yeah it's it's a tough decision.
Christopher Hume: No certainly under understand. It's any time you get. A piece of software for a clinic especially. It's a big commitment. That's sort of why we have the pilot program because we want. You to see firsthand like how helpful the coding is and how high quality the notes are before you have to make that. Commitment for all six providers be paying face value. That's why we have that either free or flat rate for the first four months. Would that be something you'd be interested in trying? It can be either the two of you or everyone on staff just to kind of give it a test run.
Yates Brown: I don't think it's something we want to commit to right now. Just given some other vendors we'd like to take a look at first. But it's you know we like the specialization. You know this would definitely translate. We like to get your EHR agnostic. It's a lot of good qualities to to the software. Yeah we'll keep we'll keep evaluating.
Christopher Hume: Yeah no absolutely. I guess as you make that evaluation there any other kind of information or anything like that I can provide that would be helpful. That's kind of a big decision and there's so many choices out there.
Yates Brown: I don't think so at this point. I think we have all the information we need. This has been extremely helpful. Love the audit center that wasn't that was something I wasn't as familiar with. For capability. I wasn't familiar with so helpful. Wonderful.
Christopher Hume: Yates and Lisa could would it make sense to maybe just do a 15 minute back in I don't know how long your process is going to be. We'd love to just do 15 minutes to maybe next week to see if you have any questions or if I can answer anything for you.
Yates Brown: Let's hold on that for now. And we'll we'll be proactive in reaching out to you. We're going to get this figured out fairly quickly here so perfect. Yeah. Proactive about that.
Christopher Hume: Perfect. Well I guess the last question this is just a curiosity thing. How did you hear about us? I'm always so interested to see how people ended up in these meetings with me and Emily.
Yates Brown: Yeah. It's just research and I leverage like you came out you showed up in a chat GPT deep research evaluation good to hear. You guys have the AI SEO down yeah AIEO user crush AIO yeah you got it down.
Christopher Hume: Wonderful that's not that's not my neck of the woods but I'll be sure to tell the team that yeah that that's coming we're coming up that's great to hear okay well I'll make sure Nate and we send you both some of the information we we talked about today just so you have it and you know after you speak with some other vendors you have it kind of the easy access if any questions come up or you're like my god the mother has this feature Chris didn't mention it please feel free to to reach out I'd be happy to answer any questions or jump on another call and demo anything.
Yates Brown: Yeah, no we appreciate it this has been really helpful. Yeah, we appreciate your time.
Christopher Hume: No, of course we'll stay in touch and I hope to chat with you guys soon.
Yates Brown: Thanks guys thank you.