Christopher Hume: Screen change for you, John.
Jon Day: Yeah, well, it gives me. That's one of the questions. On mine. It gives me the option to either stick with what we had or go with the new one. And so I just been sticking with the current one we've been using, but then I had a staff that has the new version and doesn't have that. Like, down at the bottom it says, keep this old one, or whatever what it is. But on her screens, it doesn't allow her to have it. And so she's like, so she has to have the new screen. And so she was having more problems with it, even as of yesterday. It was recording. But it was this thing that was taking a lot longer to generate the note.
Christopher Hume: Okay? Was everyone who was facing these issues on the new. On the new recording screen.
Jon Day: I think so.
Jon Day: I didn't talk to everyone, but just the couple that I had talked to. Had been on the news.
Christopher Hume: Screen, and initially it didn't let them record. And then they switched back to the old recorder and they can record again.
Jon Day: Yeah, the one that cannot switch back. So she mandated she's got to use the new screen, but as of yesterday, because the other ones, I think, were able to switch back. But for whatever reason, she doesn't have that option. And she, as of yesterday, she was still having trouble with recording. But the generating of the note was taking quite a while, like several minutes.
Christopher Hume: John, I'm sure you shared this in your email to the support inbox, but could you just share the names of the people if you know them off the top of your head?
Jon Day: Is there a Becca.
Christopher Hume: Yep.
Jon Day: I think that's the only one.
Christopher Hume: Okay. And she's still on the old recorder.
Jon Day: Excuse me. I'm sorry. You wanted the name of the people who are okay, yeah. So, Diane.
Christopher Hume: Diane.
Jon Day: Diane ness.
Christopher Hume: And she's the one who's still facing issues. And then could you just share the name of one person who is able to switch back and that result. Laura.
Jon Day: Larka.
Christopher Hume: Larka, I'm sorry. Okay, so what?
Jon Day: I'm going to and then myself.
Christopher Hume: Okay, so we're actually on whole companies together right now. And so what I'm going to do is our engineer, Alfred, is in charge of kind of the whole recording screen and the upgrade we're doing. So I'm going to go down to where he's working right now and try to and. Have him investigate everyone's. So at least larka your account and see what's going on there and see why you had issues and why they resolved when you switched recorders and either hopefully we can get an answer to you on what happened. Or if not, we can set up kind of a more in depth opportunity for any of your staff members who's facing this issue. We can set them up with the kind of engineering support and get to the bottom of it right there.
Jon Day: Diane, Will she be able to have the opportunity to switch back if she needs to?
Christopher Hume: She should. I don't know why she doesn't have that ability, but I'll ask them right now.
Jon Day: Okay. And I would happen to be in the office where she's at yesterday too. And so I was helping her again. There's the option, isn't there? For whatever reason now, when is that going to be a mandatory switch?
Christopher Hume: Then I don't know when the switch is going to be mandatory, but hopefully, whatever. I mean, if we're running into issues like this, I don't think they can make that switch mandatory. So we had to get to the bottom why this is happening before. It's kind of an official transition over.
Jon Day: Okay, so just unsolicited input. I think this is, like, the third screen change. On the record in our organization. I'm sure it's probably replicated by others, too. We always strive for really high standards and consistency. And so switching that screen offsets people a bit. And so to me, if I had to make a recommendation, as it gets better, to maybe to have fewer changes, but more improvements, So if you can just improve with what you have rather than changing, because it seems like the functionalities are still the same unless there's new ones added. But it seems like when there's a change, some people can adapt to change better than others.
Jon Day: And so it's interesting, though, because we probably. Want to gain 20 more users. It'll be the next month. We just need to secure some funding to do that. Then by having 20 more users, then that would pretty much have most of our clinical staff. But it's interesting, though, because the 16 we have now, the majority obviously had reservations at the beginning, but then they like it. But it's funny, because when you have a glitch happen, that dependency makes people freak out. Because, hey, six months ago, you didn't have this, but it's like, hey, it's taking forever to my note or it's not recording, they're having meltdowns.
Christopher Hume: I'm so sorry about that. It's sort of an implied contract that when you help people with something like this and you're there to help them, that it's not something that works 90% of the time or even 99% of the time. So, yeah, the feedback's received, and literally, as soon as kind of this call, I'm going to go to the engineers, share the overarching feedback, but see how we can get everyone up and running as quickly as possible. And figure out what happened here.
Jon Day: Sure. And my job. They all contact me says, hey, nothing's perfect. There's always me glitches here and there. But then it's frustrating because our EMR has been slow too, over the last week. I know, but it's funny though. The mentality of people and how they think is like I didn't have this before and I was resistant to it. But now I have it. Now I can't live without it.
Christopher Hume: It's a whole psychology, right?
Jon Day: So. Yeah, so that's why I didn't know. I think maybe there was probably more glitches, maybe assigned to the issue because of that record switch. So I didn't know. So the things that I had reported to you last week, I think 23 issues. One was where the train all was not keeping the training. And then the other issue was sometimes the question was when I made the edit wasn't allowed the train option. Train all option was not appearing. And then also, there's an error that was coming up. And so, as of last week, I did try to go back and change those things again. And allow me to train. But then I had an intake the other day or so and it didn't keep it.
Christopher Hume: Do you know when you made those trainings, John? It was just sometime last week.
Jon Day: Last week? Yeah. Probably last Friday. Maybe last Thursday. Friday.
Christopher Hume: Yeah, this is something we're looking into. We've heard a few for complacent view. We had a few customers kind of trickle up with these. So, unfortunately, I don't have a solution for you right now, but I just want to let you know that it's something that we're kind of trying to hunt down right now and see if we can figure out. I mean, we will figure out what happened on the back end that we can fix.
Jon Day: Yeah, because it wasn't for. Because there are other questions that I trained and it capped, but then there's, like, two specific ones. That are not keeping it.
Christopher Hume: Yeah, I'll take a look. John and I'll try and share an update once I get you an update on the people who are having the recording issues.
Jon Day: Okay? And then are there any other kind of, like, new changes that are going on with Jotsych in terms of functionalities? Or options.
Christopher Hume: The options we have rolling out. So we've rolled out to some customer or what we've rolled out to kind of our customers at large is our add on features for E Prescription. Our add on features for I'm not sure if you've seen like the jaw audit. So you can audit your notes as an add on and the others we're rolling out? Our billing services, too. So if any of that bit of interest, kind of. I know, happy to kind of walk you through those. Kind of give you the more formal presentation on those. But those are the either here or the up and coming features. Oh, and one more that we're about to roll out is an EHR Chrome extension integration, so do you open your chrome? Excuse me? Your ehr in chrome.
Jon Day: Yeah. Chrome or edge.
Christopher Hume: Okay, so if it's in Chrome. We're rolling out. And which ehr is it?
Jon Day: A credible. The name of the overall company is called Qualifax. Product is credible.
Christopher Hume: Yep. So we're rolling out a kind of general EHR chrome extension integration. So it moves it from copy paste to a one click kind of. Yep. This is the note. Transfer it over. So that's something the team would be interested in more than happy to kind of. We should have that ready next couple of weeks. I could give you a heads up when it's ready.
Jon Day: Okay, okay. All right. Yeah, I guess that might be helpful, too. Just on the consumer end of things is just if there are going to be changes. Just maybe letting people know ahead of time and so they know this, what's going on.
Christopher Hume: That is to let you behind the curtain a little bit. John, that was a big point of conversation either yesterday or on Monday, talking about how we have to redo our feature rollout so people know what's coming, they can take advantage of the new features, and they're not shocked or surprised. So the feedback is much appreciated. And it's going to change the way we do business.
Jon Day: Sure, sure. You bet. Yeah. And we want you guys to be successful and do well. That's just how we kind of organize, too. I mean, we appreciate the feedback, too. We do better together. Okay. Yeah, so that's pretty much all I had. Probably the more immediate thing was Diane.
Jon Day: Diane forced in the new role, the new record, and doesn't have the option. And then the other things I mentioned.
Christopher Hume: So let me. I'm going to run to our engineering team, get them to switch Diane onto the old recorder, and then we'll do a deep dive on kind of some of your people and why they're having issues recording when they got switched over the first things. We'll get her switched just to make things easier.
Jon Day: Okay?
Christopher Hume: All right. Wonderful.
Jon Day: What I'll probably do too. I might just go and try the options I was trying to do before that have not been. And I'll do it again and I mean and see if it changes or anything.
Christopher Hume: Okay. Yeah, please do. And if it doesn't work, Which. Fingers crossed. It's one of these things where as soon as you tell the customer support team starts working again. But if it doesn't work, if you could just tell us the template and the time you tried to make the changes, that would be wildly. Helpful.
Christopher Hume: So our engineers can go on their side of things and say, oh, looks like John's account at this time this happened, we can fix it.
Jon Day: Right? Okay. All right, sounds good.
Christopher Hume: Awesome. Thanks for patience, John.
Jon Day: I'll be interested. Thanks, Dr. Bye. Bye.