Becca Bressler: How's it going?
Dean Gainey: Good, thank you.
Becca Bressler: Good. I believe one of our recent conversations you were asking about this patient chatbot. So I'm really excited to have you test this. It's like extremely new and basic. So my hope here is to just like watch you use it. See the types of questions you are asking and then have you like live react to your reactions you know like what is it not telling you that you're wanting to know or where does it feel? Yeah just kind of all the above so can you share your job site screen with me? Yes. Amazing so if we like pick a patient or client of yours okay I actually don't think it's on the recorder yet which I'm sure is probably where you would want it and I we would plan to put it but if we just go to like a patient's page. And then can you refresh the page. Okay so the bottom right. This is it. Yeah, so can you just like live react for me like what you're getting? How you're how it's hitting you what kind of questions you might ask. Is this person's job status as far as you know listed in the record or you would be asking based on the notes.
Dean Gainey: It would be based off the notes okay got it.
Becca Bressler: Got it. And that's like something that you talk about in session.
Dean Gainey: I just saw this client.
Becca Bressler: And.
Dean Gainey: I knew that they were in between jobs but. I didn't know.
Becca Bressler: Wait just for the record for the recorder I want to be like okay Dean asked for what the job status was and. The thought reply that it didn't have that information because it wasn't in the patient profile but based on your conversation that the fact that it was in between jobs that came up in your session or you just knew yeah.
Dean Gainey: He said that he was.
Becca Bressler: Said that he was between sessions so you might have expected that it would pull that based on your recent note but based on recent conversations that job site captured yeah yeah. Okay so this is interesting so you typed in social updates from last notes and when you did that it said job transition he's awaiting a final interview for a new job.
Dean Gainey: Yes.
Becca Bressler: Got it. What is your sense of why it worked for social updates is that a section you have in a note?
Becca Bressler: Yeah okay so you're split has like a social update section.
Dean Gainey: Yeah yeah.
Becca Bressler: But ideally it could have just surfaced that because you've mentioned it's in a note specify ideally you don't actually just like specify the section that it would live in. Yeah. Okay so the dean's next question is what meds. Have not worked in the past and why? Get a list of discontinuements. Unfortunately the clinical notes that we explain why. Didn't aren't accessible. Interesting so it's saying to get that detail I need to pull from his earlier notes yeah dig earlier great would you like me to dig into his older sessions to find out what happened? So the it's asking if. It wants to dig further but it did not on its own dig into past notes in order to answer this question. But then Dean asked it to dig earlier. Yeah can you like talk to me about your impression of the answers you're getting based on what you know.
Dean Gainey: That that would make sense I think the.
Dean Gainey: You would with the questions I'm asking you would think that you know it would dig earlier automatically without having to prompt it or. Dig within the note without me having to specify the. Title of the section.
Becca Bressler: In the template you react to the answers that you just got here do these seem right to you reliable. So what's just now happened is it did surface some medications and it said reasons. And what happened.
Dean Gainey: Yeah so the client is currently on the trazodone. And I guess. They're also on gabapentin but it didn't catch that. They're also on hydroxyzine.
Becca Bressler: So that was discontinued it's listed as discontinued you're saying it was not discontinued right right. Okay.
Dean Gainey: Doesn't use doesn't use. But yeah they have it on standby so it's not a historical med yet so I guess it's missing gabapentin.
Becca Bressler: Scabapentin a historical med so something that was discontinued.
Dean Gainey: No they're still on it and I know I had. Put it in the current note.
Becca Bressler: My sense Dean is because you asked about historical stuff it isn't surfacing what they're currently on that said it seems like it is surfacing other medications that they're currently on oh you know what unfortunately it okay yeah so yeah let's see this but can you ask the other question again about history I would love to just go through that point by point and be like where is this wrong where is this right okay active.
Dean Gainey: So bivance is active Adderall 10 milligrams is not active gabapentin is active.
Becca Bressler: So are these right though based on like what what are you seeing that's wrong if anything in the active and dist.
Dean Gainey: Rict. Let me see when I last prescribed it started six I guess it has been a while since I prescribed these so yeah but I still have it as active meds because they kind of he kind of still uses it which one. Hydroxyzine and trazodone.
Becca Bressler: Okay so those two in your answers are listed as discontinued you haven't actually officially discontinued them you've just moved them to as needed it's not like active it's not an ongoing prescription right right and I think.
Dean Gainey: Again like what would make. Let me go to this. Kind of like. Goes back to like how medication diagnosis yeah yeah how this flow is it's interesting it's not oh e prescribing is not a bit okay it used to list
Becca Bressler: their meds no I know that's a bug that I've been like bugging people to fix that shouldn't it should have the list of medications yeah and when it did.
Dean Gainey: The columns. And the ability to easily you know time met to diagnosis or quickly mark whether it's active or not. Or add like notes to it the layout wasn't very user friendly to really pay much attention to it in order to update in the in their chart. I do like the chatbot feature if you do decide to add it. I would say maybe add it here
Becca Bressler: yeah we actually Dean I totally agree that it should be on this page I am I just kind of want to keep going with you asking questions and evaluating the quality of the answers so just to like recap some of the things that happened and maybe we can actually go back to something you did but then it we clicked away and so it erased it. I would love to go through your reactions to asking about the what Medicaid what medications does this person taking in the past and why were they discontinued and I would love to just. Like. Among other questions you might ask. I just kind of would love for you to like monologue what you're asking what you're getting what's wrong what's right.
Dean Gainey: Looks like. Looks like this info is correct.
Becca Bressler: Okay so the summarize patient also Dean unfortunately because every time you. Go you click out of it the chat starts over can we just like open it into Windows so that you can look at the record without losing the chat that's something we need to fix. Note to team we need to like persist the patient chat.
Dean Gainey: Yeah because. As you can see I would click out of it in order to verify what's in their chart. Yeah. Or go into the last note and verify. Yeah.
Becca Bressler: But so right now what you're seeing active diagnoses look right current medications look right discontinued medications. Look right or don't look right.
Dean Gainey: I think Adderall IR was discontinued so that's right. But it still has. It. Here. And here.
Becca Bressler: Are you saying those are the same thing yes Adderall IR and dextrometh. Can you say that medication for me what is that?
Becca Bressler: Dexter amphetamine it's Adderall oh so that's interesting it's listed as different things one in current and one in discontinued.
Dean Gainey: Yeah.
Becca Bressler: I guess one of those is listed as inactive in the chart so that might be why. Yeah.
Dean Gainey: Okay. Can we drag this to a different
Becca Bressler: no I guess yeah so if you hit column can you hit columns. Oh can you not order. It maybe oh I guess you can't order it I don't. Okay. Or if you hit density what happens if you hit density Dean next to columns? Oh no I guess it doesn't let you drag it okay.
Becca Bressler: It does any density does anything do anything. Okay I don't have education employment information in clinical summary. Okay. So Dean asked for the education and job and the patient assistant came back and basically asked said I don't have education employment information in the clinical summary would you like me to like check his form responses or look through notes and Dean said look through notes ideally this bot would have just looked through the notes to get that information.
Dean Gainey: Yes.
Becca Bressler: Weird that it says I'm having trouble accessing the clinical notes directly because that's what it's meant to do. So this is just getting a summary of the notes instead yeah are these right can you tell me what. Your what you're seeing and if it's right.
Dean Gainey: This seems accurate okay. Yeah this is a pretty easy patient so this probably. The extent of what I would ask usually it would be specifically about like following up on like. Social history or meds but yeah I guess the. Yeah as you mentioned the ability for it to automatically dig through notes rather than if there are. Like if it does ask you know for further clarification regarding something else than the ability like you know quickly click rather than having a
Becca Bressler: right almost like the AI editor where it like gives you options that you click ideally this would happen here too.
Dean Gainey: Yeah okay. And I could see myself especially if it's in the record section asking for you know treatment options
Becca Bressler: yeah so we're not doing that right now so I'm curious what it says to you but just so I have this for the record I actually bet it would be smart for us to be like you know we are not giving advice but like is this something you would want in the future so that we can kind of assess from our users how many people. Might want it. Because yeah I totally understand but this now is taking a long time to think.
Becca Bressler: Yeah what would be a good option if the client does not respond well to buy Vance and that assistant is thinking thinking thinking for a while. So now you're wanting more information about Vyvance or education to provide the
Dean Gainey: patient like side effects and stuff.
Becca Bressler: Got. It. Got it so you're wanting information about medications. Like like a quick query of like what are the side effects of Vyance that I should know about. Okay this is interesting so you're like what therapy topics should we talk about this visit?
Dean Gainey: Yeah.
Becca Bressler: So this would be ideally pulling from previous sessions and understanding the trends of things that have emerged. Okay so it's saying I can't recommend topics to cover but I can give you a snapshot of his current clinical picture. So it's listing current active issues which are you know the diagnoses recent context a few details about the family job opportunities stress management strategies were discussed. What actually like can you give me a few sentences Dean of like the type the the type of answer you would want with this question.
Dean Gainey: Like for that question in particular therapeutic approach is during the session if this was a session. Topics to discuss. And to explore based off previous sessions actually have a chat GPT. I actually have a chat GPT bot. That does that.
Becca Bressler: Like you give it past session transcripts and it suggests things for you to surface exactly.
Dean Gainey: Like.
Becca Bressler: How did you program it Dean. Like by which I mean were you like hey if there was a safety issue that came up make sure you flag it next time or hey if there was a if this yeah like what. What are you like wanting the bot to do?
Dean Gainey: So what I've been doing if I do have therapy all I have to do is copy and paste the previous note into this GPT and then it'll give you. A natural flow session guide that is. That kind of talks breaks down the session. With like you know questions to ask during it. And you know the GPT is smart enough to like state that like you know hey like if you if you say like my patient is endorsing SI it'll be like all right well here resources in the community and stuff. Yeah, but these are kind of like, you know, it just helps the clinician to. And I think I have my instructions here.
Becca Bressler: Can you so is this something where like before a session you'll pull up the last note so that it can tell you what to talk about in the session. Yeah okay. Is something we're building right now that I'm excited about so it's cool to hear that you. Are looking for something like this.
Dean Gainey: Yeah therapist you're able okay develop talking points and agenda to expand on previous notes ask in depth questions that the client can expand on you CBT DVT motivational interfereal mindfulness and stress and I kind of gave it like a breakdown and then I kind of have. One for. One for like a psych doc so like if I have like medical medication questions. This one's more vague. But I like some questions that I asked is like clonidine versus guanfacin for anxiety. You know simple stuff like that or I would I would do pretty much the same for. Like the same for. I would copy and paste the note and I'd be like here what meds do you suggest if I'm like torn and it's pretty accurate honestly.
Becca Bressler: So are there if we were to go to if we were to spend the rest of the session going to a more complex patient you were just saying this one's like relatively straightforward I'd love to know some of the questions you might ask for more complex patient. Or client. All right so we've gone to a more complex client and we are saying summarize this patient. Oh that's interesting you are you have selected a patient and it's asking you. To provide their name that's weird. You're on that patient page can you click out and try again and see what happens? Okay so it worked on the second time. Is this right Dean. So.
Dean Gainey: My knowledge yeah. Discontinued. I guess it's it's. Mapping current discontinued meds with current meds but it's no biggie but more or less it should be right
Becca Bressler: do you mean some of the discontinued men's oh are showing up under current medications yeah. Yeah.
Dean Gainey: Let me see.
Becca Bressler: The other thing I'm noticing is it said something like no past encounters to pull from do you not have any notes in your in this person's file.
Becca Bressler: No I definitely do because you see that the first thing says oh man oh yeah it's right here yeah so it said no it said no recent encounter if I'm understanding correctly that's kind of what it said. Can you do it again can we do summarization even though we have recent. One note though is like the history needs to persist if you close out of it that's crazy. No recent questionnaire scores. Got it it's so but the first time it did it it basically said no recent encounters which is not true.
Dean Gainey: All right.
Becca Bressler: You want the appointment history and the encounter details
Dean Gainey: I was just seeing what it would pop up.
Becca Bressler: So can you tell me what you're seeing and what you might have expected to see. With these questions you've asked.
Dean Gainey: Would you like me to pull up their appointment history previous notes or encounter details? I thought it would just give him more in depth summary.
Becca Bressler: When you say more in depth summary Dean just to be like super clear what type of information did you figure it would pull up that it didn't like if you can give me a couple examples.
Dean Gainey: Oh. Like topics topics discussed and treatment plan.
Becca Bressler: Okay like specific treatment plans you've discussed and just like general themes and topics that you've discussed.
Becca Bressler: Yeah yeah right now it's just diagnosis and medication basically
Dean Gainey: yeah yeah yeah and you know yeah that would be helpful in the summarize this patient yeah.
Becca Bressler: But then Dean can you tell me what you like your reactions to appointments and encounter history like what were you expecting versus what do you see?
Dean Gainey: I guess. Past sessions yeah I guess I would expect it to list the past sessions. And the you know even though this info is is useful it's probably not useful for me right now because I'm not really utilizing like status or like the billing codes. And then. I guess like a little summary of you know what was. Done during each session. And oh I asked for the treatment plan. Okay.
Becca Bressler: Do you have a treatment plan on file for this individual?
Becca Bressler: Yes so basically you're typing treatment plan what you're expecting is it just pulls up the latest treatment plan but instead it's saying I can't help create a treatment plan.
Dean Gainey: When you say treatment and plan on file I have it in within. As a section within each note
Becca Bressler: okay so it's within each node it's not within the treatment plan section necessarily.
Dean Gainey: Right it would be. Here.
Becca Bressler: Got it so it would be pulling from this yeah. Okay. So can we go back and see what we're getting and what you think about it so you you said review the clinical notes okay treatment progress yeah can you just like monologue out loud just because we're recording and it's helping for synthesis what are you seeing what are you expecting versus what are you getting.
Dean Gainey: So I'm seeing that each clinical encounter. And medications initiated in order and diagnoses and some of them and you know statuses in what was worsening which is useful which is kind of what I was would have expected from. The appointment and encounter history but I had to dig a little deeper with by asking it to review the clinical notes and then key key treatment gaps and considerations which looks pretty. Which looks pretty accurate just on the surface level. I guess it does populate what I would need but it does need, you know.
Becca Bressler: But that treatment if you if you might if you may just say like when you ask for like treatment plan or whatever you're satisfied with this outcome. It's like what you're seeing is like a snapshot of different encounters and like the status and the plan within each encounter, the problems, the focus like you're you're satisfied with your outcome right here.
Dean Gainey: Correct?
Becca Bressler: Okay.
Dean Gainey: But no this is a really cool start. I'm very excited for you guys. I saw something about jot start. And for email from Chris about credentialing and. Something else, but that's pretty exciting where you guys at with that.
Becca Bressler: You know they're like I think we've been doing we're doing credentialing for I think we have a few people like in the pipeline. But I think it's the early stages of it and I'm not as involved. I'm not actually involved at all in that part of the development, but it is something that we've like come to understand through a lot of, you know, user conversations that it's it's much needed and a painful process. So.
Dean Gainey: You guys are you guys are tackling a lot. That's exciting.
Becca Bressler: They are there's seven of us too. So it's kind of insane but that's scary. Cool. Dean, do you want me to like keep this on for you to keep playing around with yeah definitely. Okay do you mind as you're playing around with it if new stuff comes up? Shoot me an email that like most helpful type of feedback is like what I asked what I expected versus what I got cause that really helps us be like okay when a clinician's asking this question this is what they're wanting. So so yeah, I'll let you go. I've taken up a bunch of time like over the whole time we've done these together. But anyways yeah like if you don't mind shooting me an email when new things come up I'll keep this on your account.
Dean Gainey: Thank you.
Becca Bressler: Okay thanks so much Dean.
Dean Gainey: Anytime by.