Becca Bressler: Hey there, Emily.
Emily: Hi Becca.
Becca Bressler: How's it going?
Emily: Well? Yeah. How are you?
Becca Bressler: Where are you at? Where are you based at?
Emily: Right now in Brooklyn, New York?
Becca Bressler: Likewise. The company's based in DC originally, but they actually just moved to New York. So we got a Brooklyn office and everything like that.
Emily: Oh, nice.
Becca Bressler: Well, thanks for hopping on this call and apologies again for the delay. There's just been a lot of shifting conversations over here around like our needs and design and how we incorporate design into the work that we do. And so when we initially put out our job posting and at the beginning of our search, we were pretty strictly looking for like, oh, we need a product designer who's going to mock up, you know, things in Figma and work with the product team and talk to users and do what I imagine is just kind of like classic UX design work. And we've grown, we've moved to a place where we're doing more prototyping, moving quickly, like iterating really fast and, and, and, yeah, so I want to have a conversation with you a little bit about like what tools you use, you know, including Figma outside of Figma, your general like iterative process, it'd be great to just kind of hear how you work, how you like to work. Yeah.
Emily: Yeah, sure. Let's see. So what tools do I use? So I mainly work in Figma to make all my, you know, rough ideas, I guess. Okay, I skipped a step there where before that I would do all my like user research note taking and all that in notion mainly. So I was excited when I saw the design challenge was in Notion. I was like, great. I work in this. Yeah. Otherwise, so with Figma, I also use Figma make to create some rough prototypes using that AI tool. And then, yeah, really Figma again to hand off the designs and developers. But of course before that, the communication that I have done in the past was through Slack mainly
Becca Bressler: sync stuff like a lot of the work that you've done is just like, Jimmy, with developers in Slack, is that, is that what you mean or.
Emily: Oh, yes. Developers and other teammates as well. Otherwise, I guess other forms of communication with developers would be within the task management tool. I've used linear in the past.
Becca Bressler: We just started that.
Emily: Yeah. Oh, nice. And I also used notion for that as well. But yeah, I think linear seems to be the more preferred tool for developers.
Becca Bressler: Yeah. What is your appetite for, like, using AI tools for prototyping? I'm not familiar with Figma make. Maybe that's actually like a really kind of solid tool that you're using. But I'm, I'm just curious, like as technology's been changing and new tools have come on the market, like where your interests lie, what you're curious about. And if those tools like factor into that.
Emily: Yeah. What is my appetite? Let's see. I would say I'm not necessarily hungry, but I am curious and nibble. Yeah. Yeah. Definitely Figma, like for how I use Figma make is really in generating rough ideas, but I kind of take that as inspiration and start to use my own human judgment to hone in. On. Yeah. My ideas. I'm definitely still in the exploration phase right now looking at other tools. I know I haven't really gotten into the coding side, but that is something I'm interested in just to see if there's something I can quickly generate just for my own testing purposes. And to also help developers to kind of understand what I'm going for when it comes to the design and the interactions with it.
Becca Bressler: So yeah, Emily, can you say more about that? Like what part of the coding process are you kind of interested in diving into?
Emily: Yeah, what part of the coding process? So I guess I was thinking in terms of the. Interaction of like. Trying to understand where the designs might break or like some edge cases that I might not be accounting for. And if there's any way to leverage tools that take, you know, your designs and actually like creates code for it in a way that you can interact with it to kind of better understand user potential user sentiment before going into like user research per se.
Emily: But of course user research is king yet really determining that. Yeah. What part of the development process otherwise. Yeah, I think that's something that is still up in the air too with all these AI tools of just how much. I guess I want to be part of that versus how much I still want the developers to like fully own and like understanding that kind of collaboration slash line between the two.
Becca Bressler: Yeah. Do you mean by that? Do you mean you're still sort of developing your own sense of like what you want for yourself and your role or in my hearing you write that that's kind of where you're at.
Emily: Like yeah yeah I would say so and I think I'm also. Yeah, what I want for my role slash like what is the role becoming with all these AI tools now on the market? Like I guess I'm also understanding trying to understand from your side or company side of what is the expectation as well in terms of designers and coding or using these coding tools.
Becca Bressler: Yeah, I guess I'm curious how you feel about that. Like is that you said curious but not necessarily hungry. Like can you talk to me more about what you're curious about and, and maybe where you can even envision, you know like as part of it like, oh, do I like this and want to keep going in this direction or do I actually not like where this world like career is headed and you know using these tools? Yeah, I'm curious to hear more about that.
Emily: Yeah. Let's see I think I say curious but not hungry because I'm kind of coming from a place of skepticism, you know, having used AI and seen where hallucinates or creates designs that are like. Really all to all that there and I wouldn't want to rely on a tool that creates for work. For developers and also that goes back to like Jot psych as well where I want the behavioral health practitioners to save time versus, you know, spend more time correcting the AI tool. But yeah, I think that's where. The curiosity or lack of hunger comes from in terms of curiosity. How am I curious? You also asked. If it's still something I'm interested in. Yeah, I think. Ultimately. Like I am adapting to this new slew of tools. I'm also taking this AI for designers course through the international interaction design fundamentals. Oh my gosh I might be flubbing that acronym.
Emily: I wouldn't know anyways so yeah trying to understand how to still use AI because I can still see the potential for it just saving time taking large piles of information and making it really accessible. For people. But of course with caveats. And so I want to understand how to leverage that power while still recognizing. Again like the potential for hallucination and understanding where I can use my thinking, which is why I'm really trying to understand what is AI and when is it best leverage and where in the process does that happen? What can I push back on? Yeah.
Becca Bressler: What is your, I'm curious to hear more about and there's like no right answer here at all. But like, you know, I can imagine these things going in two directions and one is like, oh, you take a class, which is kind of honestly like where I go sometimes like when I want to learn versus like, oh, I'm going to get my hands dirty and just like play around with this and see if I can kind of figure out best practices or where the line is for me as far as like what the tool can or can't do just by like playing. And so I'd love to hear more about like you're thinking around like how you're approaching learning about it.
Emily: Yeah. Question. Yeah, I suppose I'm doing both. And I think the getting hands dirty is really when. Like there's a particular. Very specific problem that I'm trying to solve or very specific. Like. For example like with Figma make that kind of came about because well I heard that there was hype and yes, I do need to prototype something so why not just give this a go
Becca Bressler: and you like it you like you enjoy using it.
Emily: Do I like it? Yeah yeah I do I it really does help to get ideas out. Or. Yeah have that like initial rough stage expedited. Yeah definitely not a final version by any means. Yeah definitely is a catalyst there. Oh yeah and then when do I learn or go back to the principles? I think that is. Something. That is like definitely an ongoing process at the moment as this is still new to me and to my process. I think it's especially important now because of this fundamental shift in how we're working and I just want to and I think the potential again the risks of, you know if things go arrive and people's privacy privacy could be. Not not existing my gosh I can't find the words right now
Becca Bressler: I know what you mean though like there's serious risks involved here and like you people yeah I totally get what you what you mean. This is not just like a neutral net good tool that we've like introduced and yeah, totally
Emily: exactly it's not like oh this is Google Sheets and you know you can just plug in your numbers and it kind of just stays in that particular system like yeah there's a potential for this to really cause harm to other people to, you know environment. I just want to be very cautious about how.
Becca Bressler: Yeah. No, I really appreciate hearing that. And because to be totally transparent like the role that I feel like were. Kind of this is more thing into as far as our needs is probably transparently like someone who is like really hungry to like get their hands dirty with these tools and like I mean I guess to step back for a second I would be curious Emily to hear about like. Your process like cycle wise like when you're working with teams is it like okay you had a project and you like go do research and sketch for a week and then you come back or is it like you're like in touch with people daily about things like yeah talk to me a little bit about that.
Emily: Yeah process how it works first thing that comes to mind is agile so having you know conversations that map out you know what are our features and products before we go into those weekly cycles and certainly there is daily touch points where we review okay this is what we're going to do today here are blockers etc and usually I guess to step back a bit with those product features those are guided by user research but also certainly guided by the stakeholders needs as well. Yeah that see I guess I'm wondering.
Becca Bressler: And like a sync do you do like. If you have experience a lot with like async feedback like people leaving comments in sigma versus like what yeah where do you prefer to collaborate.
Emily: How. Yeah good question you definitely have got in feedback on Figma as well yeah, I guess Slack would be more for urgent things Figma is usually where it occurs. And let's see also have gotten feedback in linear that really helps to just keep maintain like a thread there since they can get.
Becca Bressler: Like to do like keeping action like to do's and learning we're so new to linear we're like trying to figure out how to use it but yeah, so that's good to know
Emily: yeah just to have the yeah continue the thread of like okay these are issues and you know I see how they were resolved or discussed because in Figma it's not really like tied to a specific feature so yeah just helpful to. Keep keep an eye on thoughts when there are so many things to work on. Let's see otherwise.
Becca Bressler: I guess.
Emily: I'm a bit at a loss of how to describe the process otherwise is there anything else specific that's helpful no no
Becca Bressler: yeah yeah because here so there's there's like a real preference for like rapid iteration but also just like showing like early and kind of messy work you know I think like we've worked with design we've worked with like a you know designers who have different processes but sometimes like we've felt like there is like a hesitation to show things before it feels really polished or ready and there is it's definitely a culture of like showing like messy quick things for like feedback and just kind of. Yeah like that's just like a part of the culture here and so I was kind of curious about your your process because we've you know had people who are game for that we've had people who like definitely resist that like sharing kind of like early dirty messy work but but you know the the big reason I wanted to like have this conversation with you was to like talk to you about your appetite for these tools and to be like transparent about you know since we put this job posting out and like ask you to participate in this process and work on a project like how our needs have changed and in some ways we're even thinking about this role as being like a design engineer so like a UX designer who like actually wants to like see their work come to fruition so how far can we take it before handing it off to engineer and actually is there someone who would be interested in designing and then taking it like the whole you know 10 yards if you will. So yeah I'm curious how that resonates with you not to put you on the spot you can like email me back you know if you want to like think about it a little bit. But yeah I'm just like starting to have these conversations with people who have who yeah who've applied and just wanting to be transparent about that.
Emily: Yeah, no, I appreciate the transparency definitely helpful I would say I think I have a few questions when it comes to yeah those ideas like with the messy quick thoughts for feedback I wonder like. How that's being determined how early is being determined
Becca Bressler: so there's I would say our founders sometimes like want to see things after a day like you have a day of like deep work and you like put thoughts out there and like. Throw something on Slack at the end of the day. You know what I mean like there or two days like max like there is a real. There's a very big emphasis on like showing work but also like keeping people in the loop about like what's been done what's left to do you know even today like I was given a project and it's like we want updates every 36 seconds or 36 seconds 36 hours about you know like what's been done and what the plan is you know which I know is like not going to be for everyone for sure but that's that's kind of what I mean.
Emily: Gotcha. See I suppose that. Falls in line with sort of what I've done where like daily standups happen and like in that time you kind of show your work. I guess I'm wondering like why 36 hours like what is the motivation behind yeah
Becca Bressler: it's a really good question and it's one I'm still trying to figure out myself you know like. And have like my hypotheses on but like don't necessarily feel like ready to share them if that makes sense like I think there's. I. Yeah I don't have a good answer for you I think that. My best guess is there's so much happening there's so much going on and like there is a desire at the top to like make sure things are not like falling through the cracks or going down the wrong path you know it's like I think I think there's like the falling through the cracks and I think it's like catching things early. I think that the like philosophically it's like it is so much worse to spend three days going down the wrong path than to like spend one day going down the wrong path and being like kind of course correcting early.
Emily: Okay okay. That makes sense. Yeah with the design engineer I'm definitely curious about exploring more tools and would be open to essentially that kind of position. I'm curious to understand more about like the team structure like where design sits in that and. Like essentially why why there's an evolution into the design engineer and again like how that relates to the broader.
Becca Bressler: Theme so our team so like I'm the PM we have three engineers and then like a CTO CEO and then a couple people in like the marketing growth like new projects side. And we've worked with freelance designers recently there was like a head of design at one point and he is no longer with the company and for reasons like I'm totally I can totally share. But the. Way that we've been working we work with a freelance designer right now who we really like working with and it's like really quick but she has a different like a full time job basically and so we get her like Thursdays and Fridays and that can be like really challenging cycle wise to like only have her for those two days where we're kind of scrambling with that amount of time. She's not really like embedded in the team as a result of that where like it'd be great to have someone at our daily standups showing work talking to engineers getting input from engineers about like feasibility et cetera. And obviously having someone on board like understands the customer better than me and I end up being like the. Conduit and you know sharing information and like we would be starting this role on like a contract basis but I think like end goal we would love to have someone come on board full time. And so the emphasis on having someone. Having this role yeah and so so what has ended up happening is like we have a project kind of work with a designer to like get mockups of it or like improve a part of our project. That's just like not really working well or user friendly at all and then like hands it back to engineering. And sometimes we like can knock it out right away. Sometimes it kind of sits in a backlog because we're like doing a million other things and it's like oh we're going to get to this in two weeks. So like now we have designs like ready for that. When we had a designer full time he was involved in like the user research aspect of it. So it wasn't so much of like a handoff from like product to design to engineer. It was like I worked pretty closely with him and I would say the desire to make this a more like full time. Role not just excuse me not full time role, but like more of a design engineer is we are trying to accomplish so much so quickly. And if we can just like. Not create the sort of. Not let like our engineering team be like a bottleneck for improving or launching products so that we can have like a designer do that themselves. Would be like huge for us just because we're really small team trying to accomplish a lot.
Becca Bressler: Understood okay makes sense does that answer your question I feel like it's kind of all over the place but there's questions.
Emily: Yeah yeah definitely seems like y'all are have lots of ambitions and are looking for someone to match that. Energy. Yeah. I had a question. Oh yes I had a question about the contract I was going to ask if that still means that this would be a contract role so you help me answer that wondering more about like the range because I saw that there was quite a wide range that was listed on the site and like what triggers you know moving to the higher end or dictates that kind of fluctuation and then what would also trigger a full time conversion?
Becca Bressler: Yeah. I think the range is like experience level based I would say and though what we've tried to do in the past is like start with like one project at one range with like the understanding that like if this goes well we can like rediscuss. Rate after that like those first couple of projects that we're doing you know what I mean. Yeah. So I think it's just it's like experience level is like a big piece of that. And then as far as what triggers it I think that. There's. I think we're just like trying to assess like the balance of like speed and craft. And so I think that if we found someone who pretty quickly we felt was able to sort of like match the ambition, the speed while like maintaining like elevating the craft of the product quickly like we would make an offer like I don't think we're like, oh, we're not in a it's not like a money thing. We're like oh we can't get a forge like bring on a full time designer. So we're just going to do a contract until we get to this like benchmark. It's about fit.
Emily: Is there any kind of like timeline when you're assessing that phase?
Becca Bressler: Yeah, I think like a few months like because I yeah, I think I think we probably want to work with someone for a few months get like a handful of like projects under our belt before we were able to kind of go, you know, have that discussion.
Emily: Gotcha okay. That makes sense. See. Oh yeah the one other quick question about that is there over time pay when it comes to there's not. Yeah.
Becca Bressler: And there is like you know people work weekends. I mean the founders work every weekend of course. I wouldn't say the rest of the team does but there's definitely like late nights weekend work etc is definitely a part of the culture.
Emily: Okay understood thanks for that for sure yeah totally. I have a few questions but I wasn't sure if you had any other questions
Becca Bressler: for me no, no happy to answer yet.
Emily: Okay well. I'm curious to know I guess generally what you've enjoyed working at Jet Psych in some areas of improvement that you've noted
Becca Bressler: yeah so this was like a career change for me actually I come from journalism and so I think that one of the things I really appreciate is. There's no like fixed roles you know like anyone can kind of do anything if they want to like we obviously have domains right like there's like growth and marketing and like I'm the PM but like if I wanted to like learn to code and like build something like I could do that you know what I mean like there's just like a real emphasis on encouraging growth. And adding value in like whatever way that means you know. And so I think that like I've just appreciated like having that opportunity to learn a lot and I have learned a lot especially being new to this space I really like the people like I really like the team. I would say it's like really low ego and which just makes for like a great environment. I would say there's like a you know people are self aware and they want they're like open and transparent and like you know want feedback etc. Like improvement. I think that. I think things can feel siloed sometimes so we have like I'm sort of a part of this like core engineering team that's working on the core product and then the founders and someone else is really working on like new initiatives like more long term strategic vision. And sometimes I think there's not like a great amount of like communication between the two pieces which can get tricky. And so I think like because things are just happening so fast like communication is really challenging like keeping everyone in the loop on everything that's happening. So I think that's like definitely an area for improvement. And I think that the thing we haven't really figured out yet is the balance of speed and craft like it feels like this almost like. It's like a morphus and it's intangible to some extent. And I think we're still trying to figure out how to achieve that, if that makes sense. Like put out a product that we like feel good about in the timeline that we're trying to put that product out.
Emily: Yeah. Totally. And that makes sense for a startup. That's working really fast. Yeah. To understand that challenge. And yeah, I would be curious as a designer who has like built design processes to have a say in that or just be able to understand. Like a little bit of balance.
Becca Bressler: Process is not like process. Is really hard to build here. Like I feel like we've tried but it's hard to stick to when there's just so much happening you know totally.
Emily: I hear you. Cool. I'm curious about like culture very broadly, but I guess specifically around like maintaining. I guess maintaining like employee wellbeing in a culture of speed. I wonder if if you could maybe like talk about any particular wins that y'all had recently and how that was like celebrated for instance.
Becca Bressler: Yeah that's a great question Emily. One thing I'll say. So like we have a kudos channel right and and like I brought that to the team. I was like we need to be celebrating that and like that's a small small thing right like that's not felt. Necessarily. But we have like team retreats every three months where we like all stay together in a house and like work together and it's really intense and there's like lots of long hours. But I would say this most recent one there was a real focus on like actually doing a project together as a team. And I would say there was like a lot of celebration that there were like fun show and tells about like what we built and people getting to get like credit for their work like in front of the whole team. And it felt that there was like a lot of camaraderie like built into that like it didn't feel like a PowerPoint presentation where you're being like judged it just like did feel like a celebration of the work everyone was building. So but I think that we could use more of that of what you're asking about. To be totally transparent.
Emily: I appreciate that. I also love the kudos channel as small as it is.
Becca Bressler: It's like this that really matter.
Becca Bressler: I'm sorry I know we're oh yeah I have like one more minute
Emily: probably I was just curious about the team retreat like how long those are.
Becca Bressler: It's like it's like every three months for a week like people last when we went on Sunday evening and like people left Saturday morning I left on a Friday afternoon. The founders are moving to New York and moving the company to New York and so I'm not sure if we'll still maintain the same cadence. A big reason for doing it was because people were kind of all over the place. It was a good opportunity to like get everyone together and do in person work which the team really values. But now that we're going to have that preregularly that may impact the frequency that we do retreat. So I think we still will do them. Okay.
Emily: Yeah. Great that's like a fun time.
Becca Bressler: Yeah it's both you know so anyways Emily thank you so much for your time. I'm starting to have these conversations and like I can't I don't have like a firm timeline for you I guess on like when I would get back about like potential next steps because this is still evolving but like you will for sure hear from me and like ideally like ideally this week like I would love to get back to by the end of this week.
Emily: Yeah I appreciate your time.
Becca Bressler: Thank you so much for chatting really enjoyed this conversation yeah likewise likewise talk to you later.