Jackson Bierfeldt: Hello.
JORGE VALCOURT: Hey, Nate. How are you, Adam? How are you, Jackson?
Nathan Peereboom: Oh my gosh. How are you, Jorge?
JORGE VALCOURT: I'm doing well, you guys.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Great, Jorge. I always love it when someone has a microphone like that. It's. It's kind. It's kind to all of us. And beyond the other side, because you just sound so much better.
JORGE VALCOURT: Thank you. Thank you for that. I also like you guys to have headset and look all professional like Nate here.
Nathan Peereboom: I don't know about that. But, you know, I gotta tell you, we. We drove away from your office the other day and we said Jorge had the nicest. That yellow shirt you were wearing. It was like one of the best shirts I've seen in years.
Jackson Bierfeldt: So it was actually kind of annoying. He kept pairing. He's like, should we get yellow shirts? I'm like, nate, we can't pull it off.
Nathan Peereboom: Next time we're all showing up in yellow shirts. No, I don't know if we could pull it off like you. All right, Jorge. So today we are going through. Let me tell you what happened over the last week. So, you know, we've been waiting for, I think you and Janet to like send us a few documents. Adam, I know you, Adam, you guys are working on that. But I thought to myself, well, you know, why don't we just get a jump start on the billing analysis? And so I went into Collab MD and I just downloaded as much as I could. I want to walk you through our findings. We have a PowerPoint presentation and I want you to know that we know that, like, we don't know everything here. You know, there's stuff that probably is categorized in a way where you're like, oh, don't worry about that. Like, that seems that's like kind of a. That's a fool's errands. Don't go after that. What we're going to do though is just walk you through what we see and then we're going to ask a bunch of questions as we do and hopefully we all learn something in this and we can do another turn of it after if that's helpful. But we did want to just give you a look at things.
JORGE VALCOURT: Okay, sounds good.
Nathan Peereboom: All right. Okay, so let me start out with the executive summary and then we're going to go through some visuals that show us kind of this data in more depth. So the, the headline here is there seems to be somewhere between 75 and $85,000 of near term revenue improvements. Just like at the low hanging fruit level. Those that 75 to $85,000 falls into four different categories. Roughly, one is looking at and right sizing the distribution of 9921 threes and 99214. So you guys mostly do 9921 threes with a handful of 99214s that might be right for your practice. Our experience is that the ratio is more than. Typically something like, you know, 50, 50 or 60, 40 in a practice like yours. So it's something that we want to look at and if, you know, we can talk about it. But, but that's one thing. Your average 99213, your reimbursement there is around $69. Your average reimbursement for a 99214 is a little over 100. So the difference there is material and there's like 30 to 40 thousand dollars of improvement just in that, like, you know, just right. Sizing that distribution. Again, I don't know if that's the exact right thing to do based on your medical encounters. Like that's something that we would look into. But at first glance we thought interesting. We don't know any practices that have that ratio right now. The second thing is you guys take around eight days to submit a charge capture. The industry standard is three days. Your current average billing cycle is 17 days. So what that means is shaving off the five days between when the encounter happens and when the charge happens would improve your working capital by around 20 to 30%. And your working capital, as you know, is the cash you have on hand. The third thing is you have four commercial payers that are reimbursing at below 45% of what you're charging. And I know you guys charge a flat rate. Still doesn't look right. We, you know, we should probably look at those contracts and our question would be one, are they being punitive with you to do you have a contract that needs to get updated because you're working on older rates? Or three, is there something else that we just don't understand? And then fourth, you guys have low denial rates and your denial rates look low because your insurance companies are holding a lot of your claims in limbo. They're just pending. There's about, there's over $100,000 of just like pending claims, which isn't like horrible, but when you look at the aging of them, a significant amount of them are over 30 days old, suggesting that the insurance company is playing some game of back and forth with you guys. And we can talk through that before I go to the key questions. Anything that strikes you as like totally wrong or non obvious in that executive summary?
JORGE VALCOURT: No, I mean it looks, it looks pretty real to me. The, the three days that we take about three days to get the documentation right before the claim goes out. So that adds to the whole cycle. If we can cut that down, anything, even if it is by one day, it's going to improve the. The cycle for sure. I mean, just.
Nathan Peereboom: Right. And to your credit. So when we look, because we looked at this over time, because our question was, you know, is this something that has been a persistent problem? You guys have improved your charge capture time by 50% over the last eight months. It's very obvious. You guys have been working on that originally. I think it was around. Well, I'll show you the chart. I forget the exact number, but it's a 50% improvement, which is really to your credit.
JORGE VALCOURT: Yeah, I'm for sure, Nate. And guys, there are things on the contracts that we need to enforce. There is one or two contracts are old. I know. I mean, it's one of the things. One of them is Medicaid, Carlon. And we have been going by since 2007, 2008. So it's very, very old. And there is something to do with that, with those rates. I don't know what it is. I don't know how we're gonna get to better rates, but that's something for sure that needs to be done with that contract.
Nathan Peereboom: Totally.
JORGE VALCOURT: So, yeah, I mean, I. I was talking to. To Janet today. She did send me a spreadsheet for me to look at. Adam, this. I. I apologize. I mean, I should have been. I should have returned that by. By today. Didn't get to it. I will review that spreadsheet. It has the logins for the portals, you know, you guys need. And I also asked her for. You sent me a text message today, Nate, with three points. She was working on the first two, and she was gonna send them. Send those over to me. I didn't see them. I called her 15 minutes ago and she didn't pick up. So I'm gonna try again after we finish this meeting. Before I should have data spreadsheet sent to you, Adam, so you can work with that. And the first two points also sent to you, NATO, so I don't delay you.
Nathan Peereboom: Awesome. Awesome. That's great. And we can talk about. At the end. I have a little section where we can talk about the data request. Adam, I'll probably just ask you to pull it up and we can just walk through, update all the statuses. All right. Just to keep marching through here. So I had three questions. I mean, I'm going to have more as we go, but there were three other things that I wanted to just, like, ask about and get. Get information on. So one, it looks like patients are taking. There are certain patients that are taking, like, a long time to, like, send their bills to or they send their payment request to. My understanding was that you guys try and capture this in the office. It seems like a lot of these bills are, like, lagging by 130 days or so. It might just be like the systems are not updating, but we saw an average of 130 days between when the encounter happens and when the patient actually gets the charge. And this is obviously beyond insurance is just for the patient self pay. Is that something where the systems just aren't talking to each other?
JORGE VALCOURT: No, no, no, no, no. I mean that's totally news to me. If. Before the appointment happens, if the patient doesn't come with insurance, there should be some sort of payment.
Nathan Peereboom: That's the theory, right?
JORGE VALCOURT: Like, that's what we would hope. Yeah. I mean, if I'm giving services away, then I'm in a hole here. No, there should be some note. Yeah. A payment before the service is provided.
Nathan Peereboom: Here's what we can do. This is just what comes up in the system. Like, when I do the analysis and I follow a patient encounter through. What we'll do is we'll take a sample of 10 of these that fall in this time range. We'll work with Janet to be like, hey, let's just follow exactly what happened with these 10 patients. It probably is going to turn out that, like, the systems are just not updating in time. Totally fine. But if we look at those 10 and we're like, all right, this is a problem. Like, you're telling your team that they need to get it in same day, but it's like, you know, people are kicking it three months later. We'll tell you that, too.
Nathan Peereboom: So it's just something to look at. It's coming up in the data.
JORGE VALCOURT: Yeah. And I would like to be involved in that, in that meeting, Nate. So I know what's going on. Maybe the same is happening in the other office, and we need to. To get on it. Understood.
Nathan Peereboom: So we'll. We'll come with a list of, like, 10 example encounters and just trace exactly where they went. Okay.
JORGE VALCOURT: Sounds good.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay. Cigna and Aetna, these payers are. They're paying you 29 and 36%, respectively, of what you charge it. Now, again, as I mentioned, I know that you guys charge flat rates for certain things, but this seems really low. Is there. Is there a story here? Are these the old contracts that you need to update?
JORGE VALCOURT: I don't know about end and signal. I don't think those are old contracts. But since we don't have. And that's been something, Nate, that I have been talking to the team about for years, we don't have right now, and I think we spoke about this in our meeting last week. We don't have a way to compare what we are getting with a standard, with a baseline. We don't have that right now. So maybe we have been. We have been receiving payments way below what the contractor rates are, and we have a notice because of the volume.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah.
JORGE VALCOURT: So I don't know. I guess we will all know for sure where you get the contracts you get. You start getting the reimbursement rates and you start comparing the contracting numbers with, well, we are getting paid.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. So I think that there's like three compare two or three comparisons. So there's the comparison between the contracted rate and what they say you're going to pay you. There's the difference between what they say they're going to pay you and what hits your bank account. And then there's the difference between what's your contractor rate and the industry standard. I think you care about all three things, Right. Because you want to be paid top of the industry. You want them to tell you that they're reimbursing at the rate that you agree, and then you want that money to actually hit your bank account. All three, if you have a break in any one of them, the insurance company is saving money and you're losing out.
JORGE VALCOURT: Absolutely. And you, you consider the amount the portion that the patient pays. So you're in the co payment.
Nathan Peereboom: No, we're only looking at what you bill the insurance company for the insurance side of things. It's actually, it's an interesting point that we probably should unite the copay and the insurance payment so you can look at total gross revenue for those encounters. It's a good point.
JORGE VALCOURT: Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay. All right, so let's just get into the actual that we've got like, I think nearly 20 slides here. So let's, let's just jump into it. Okay. Data. So I looked at data between August and January 2024 to 2026. So this is not your annual revenue. This is, you know, total collected over that period. You collected around $2.6 million, 63% of what you, you build, you build for like 4.2. This is an expected range for behavioral health. So overall you're like actually collecting at a pretty fine rate for what you bill given other behavioral health clinics. Now we obviously don't want you to be in the expected range. We want you to be above that 70%. But just like, you know, to benchmark you. That's what it is. Claim performance. So I told you I had really good claims that in terms of your denial rates, your denial rate is really low. Your insurance companies in general don't deny you, they just hold your claims in limbo when they don't want to pay. So about, you know, 2% of all the things you've ever billed for the last year and a half sit in limbo with a payer. Right now in terms of the different stages, I mentioned that, you know, you're actually, your insurance submission speed is really fast. So you know, when someone after the charge is captured in the, in your ehr, it goes to the insurance company like almost immediately. And the insurance company, if they pay you, pay you within what is considered a reasonable amount to pay, which is around 9 to 10 days. Again, there's that 7.9 days, which is the time it takes between the encounter and when the charge gets submitted, that needs to be shrunk. But overall the other parts of that timeline look in line with industry standards. With the caveat again that insurance companies are, you know, they're holding non denied pending claims for you fairly often. Okay, so you're, you're like accounts receivable, around 67% of all your accounts receivable are still due in like or were submitted like 30 days ago, that's fine. If something is in the accounts receivable and it's only been there for less than a month, in our brain, we're like, that's a normal course of business. Now, what you need to be worried about is the other. 33%. 33% of all your accounts receivable is over a month old.
Nathan Peereboom: That's not in our. There's certain businesses that would write that off. I think it's something just to look into and see where the, where the delay is. Top line revenue. You run a tight ship, Jorge. Like you guys, you know, make somewhere between 150 and $170,000 a month. You grew 60% from at least the January baseline in 2025. Okay, let's look at what you bill. So you guys have a lot of psychologists, so around 41%. This is, I think this is annualized for 2025. Around 41% of all your revenue is in psychotherapy. Like long visits, right? Those one hour chunks probably. No, no surprise there. The only thing to really pop on this slide is that again, that 99213 just is, is like heavier than what we would see in other. In other visits. And again, on the line below, you can see that there's that 69 to 101 difference between a 99213 and a 99214 in terms of reimbursement or reimbursement levels by code. CPT code. The takeaway here is just that you get reimbursed 100% for Medicaid. So. And commercial payers are reimbursing far less. Not at a gross level, but at a percentage level, which makes sense, right? Like these other, you know, these H codes, these T codes, they're cheaper, you know, and Medicaid is just kind of paying them, you know, automatically. So there's nothing really to take away here except for the fact that, you know, you're nine and 23 and nine and two and fours. Are you reimbursed at a lower level because they're commercial payers rather than government pairs? Any questions here?
JORGE VALCOURT: No, no, that's fine.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay. Okay, so let's talk about that charge. Charge cycle. So 7.98 days is how long it takes between date of service and the entry of the charge. Dr. Besada is. Am I pronouncing that right?
JORGE VALCOURT: Oh, yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: Dr. Besada is a little bit behind the eight balls, probably. You can, you know, nudge, nudge them a little faster. Everything else looks normal, so. But again, shaving five days off that average increases your working capital by 20 to 30%.
JORGE VALCOURT: Do you have this in a report that I can share with a team in the team meeting on Friday? Nate?
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. Why don't I just share the whole deck with you and you can, you can have this, and you can do whatever you want with it. Does that work?
JORGE VALCOURT: Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, great. Okay. So, you know, that's a little bit of the stick, a little bit of the sugar is just that. Again, you guys have really improved. This charge capture, you know, back in February 2025, was, like, close to, like, nine to 11 days. And now it's down, you know, by. By December, you got it down to, like, five or six days. You know, again, the average is eight. But, like, there's been a huge amount of improvement over the last year. And it's very clear that you've been. You or your team has been very focused on making this faster. I'm going to ignore this patient billing lag because it looks like we need to look into that. It's just a surprise. We'll look into it. Okay. Pair performance. So you know this. You get paid most by Optum, Carillon, Sunshine and Blue Cross Blue Shield. They make up the vast majority of your revenue. If Carillon is an old contract, that's actually really exciting because they make up so much of your revenue that improving that is going to have a material change to your financial picture. You have a bunch of pending AR with them. I don't know if it's a huge problem based. We'd have to look into the charges a little bit more. But There's a solid 40k here that's just sitting with your biggest payers that we probably could, you know, tap our foot on a little bit and try and get in the door. And then Aetna, Cigna are kind of the problem childs. They don't pay you very much. You know, you make 20 to 60 thousand dollars from both of them, respectively. But, you know, those are big payers. Lot of patience in both of those plans. And they're reimbursing you at pretty low rates. So it's something where we just want to look at the contract and verify.
JORGE VALCOURT: Okay. Let me ask you something, Nate. Once we share with the contracts with you, do you think this pending claims, the ones are sitting in the account receivables, do you think that's something you can tackle?
Nathan Peereboom: I have to. We have to look. I think I would have to look at it more diligently, like understand what's going on. Yeah. So I can't make a commitment, but I can say, hey, it's one of the first places that we'd go chase.
JORGE VALCOURT: Okay.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay. The story of this is the same as the story of the CPT codes. Your Medicaid plan. So Sunshine Community Health, they reimburse at like almost 100% their Medicaid plans. Your commercial payers are below. And then you can see Maritime, Aetna and Cigna, again, are the lowest reimbursers.
JORGE VALCOURT: And this is something you see across the board if you compare us with other clinics, Nate, this is super normal.
Nathan Peereboom: Very, very normal. Yeah. Now, the degree to which I think here's the takeaway from for you, Jorge, your business in large part is going to be driven by one, increasing the velocity that you can possess cash in, and two, the degree to which you figure out how to get higher rates from commercial insurers. Because the Medicaid plans are kind of set. You're doing those well. They pay you what they pay you. It's a schedule. The commercial payers are really where you need to focus in terms of filling the gap for your revenue. Okay, not gonna. Okay, we've already talked about all this. There's a bunch of claims in that have just been, you know, again, just in total limbo. Here is. So this is AR by age, right. And then this is AR by status. So what is the takeaway here? Well, there's actually around $26,000 that I think you guys just need to submit. Around 8,000 is patient responsibility. The other 18,000 is just needs to get out the door to commercial payers. So there's some low hanging fruit there. And then. And then. Yeah, there's just a bunch pending that we have to look at, but that's all obvious. Okay, great. I think we've covered everything. Sorry, I didn't realize how pedantic some of that would feel because I wrote the executive summary based on the slides and then I said everything twice. But yeah. Jorge one, Is this new information too? Like, is this helpful? Like, what's your reaction here?
JORGE VALCOURT: No, it is definitely helpful. Nate. I didn't know about the, the amount of days we were taking to submit the claims. I mean, I knew we had to wait until the notes were ready.
JORGE VALCOURT: And it was taking about five. I would. I had in mind that it was four to five days for the claims to. To be submitted after the documentation was ready. But it's. If you see that it's more. Hey, I have to go with what you see. And they have to convince me it isn't. It isn't that.
Nathan Peereboom: I don't think you're that far off though, because, you know, the 7.9, that's like 2025 annualized. But again, you guys really have improved here. So your December 2025 number is 5.4. Right. So it's in December. It took about five days to submit a charge from an encounter that started in December. So it's not. This is not actually a bad story. There's like a little bit more to squeeze here, but. And there's discipline just around like making sure that you maintain this as you scale and hire more people.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, but I don't want, I don't want you to think that like this is like a bad story. This is really.
JORGE VALCOURT: You guys are doing well here. I mean, I won't say it is a bad story. I'm going to say that there is room to improve for sure. And the fact that you are now in the loop that I have another six pair of eyes looking at my data is definitely going to help. Totally. The 18,000 that you saw, that is pending. Right.
JORGE VALCOURT: I want to think that those are claims are ready and maybe for the last week, sessions that haven't been sent out.
JORGE VALCOURT: I'm going to assume that's the case, the patron responsibility. That is one thing that I haven't been able to tackle for years. I mean, collections is the one thing of the clinic that it's always hard to complete. Having to track patients down to pay, it's hard.
Nathan Peereboom: It's hard.
JORGE VALCOURT: So that's one thing that hopefully when we start working together with submitting claims, that we can minimize the amount of money that is, is owed to us.
JORGE VALCOURT: Yeah, I don't know how that's going to happen, Nate, because patients are always going to owe money, but at least to minimize that something.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, I think that that's right. And you know, we should, I mean, what would be the most ideal situation is if we can think about patient payments the same way we think about insurance eligibility, where it's like at intake, we collect payment information. When an encounter happens, we're not actually having the patient do anything. They're just signing that saying, hey, I authorize for a payment. And the payment's always happening on your side. And you're just keeping the credit card current in the same way that you keep the insurance card. It should, the, the metaphor of eligibility should be the exact same for credit card eligibility. Insurance eligible, credit card eligible. And then your, your team is charging each, each visit.
JORGE VALCOURT: Makes sense. Yeah, we need to implement it.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, but look, that's why we're here. That's, that's exactly why we're here. So let's just like work a little bit backwards from this. What I'm hearing is that this is helpful. This is feeling true. I think we have a follow up meeting with you and Janet to talk through some patient collection stuff. Let's do that. Let's make sure that we have all the documentation for jot audit. And I think we have to push the JOT audit meeting a little further forward because we don't have all the documents. But I think that's the next milestone. And then after that, I think we should be able to start taking on, you know, either chasing claims that are pending or in denial appeal cycles. That's one thing. Or two, starting to look at this patient responsibility piece. I think either one is a good place for us to begin and in earnest. Start, start pulling in some of, some of our capabilities.
Nathan Peereboom: I agree, but we, but we can cross that bridge. You know, when we get there,
Jackson Bierfeldt: we have all of the docs ready and we're able to pull them into the jaw audit. We're going to start like collecting data as we go through and apply these. And then after running that, we're going to have a much better sense of what we can do around the like. Hey. 9, 9, 2, 1, 3, 9, 2, 1, 4. Where do you actually flip? Fall. What can we do around making the template and the documentation ironclad in terms of maybe getting some of those higher codes? That's something that we need to still do the data collection on, but hopefully we'll have something where we can actually push the needle there, too.
JORGE VALCOURT: Sounds good. I'm really looking forward to start using your system. I know that there are gaps that I need to fill, and hopefully your program is what we need to move forward with on the other side. And this has nothing to do with valve cord Peak. We have been using your system for filling out documentation. We are using it for more things than we're using at Valcord. That's why I have been sending you errors. And thank you for taking care of those errors right away. I mean, it makes my life easier and keeps my hair on my. On my head longer.
Nathan Peereboom: At least one of us has it.
JORGE VALCOURT: Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: For now. Right.
JORGE VALCOURT: So. So thank you for that, Jackson. I know you have been on top of that. I'm gonna keep using your system now. I have front desk train on how to use it. They're using it tonight, so hopefully they find more things and I can send it to you and you can look at them.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yep. And we'll. We'll get them fixed if we need to do that. And we did. I also just want to update you some of your requests. You know, that weren't problems, but just like things that you'd like it to do a little bit differently. We have an engineer staffed on that working on it right now. So hopefully by the end of this week, we'll have, you know, a couple nicer views for you in there.
JORGE VALCOURT: Thank you. Thank you. I wanted also to run it by you. I'm going to add ABA therapy to Peak. We met on that today. Hopefully by next month. We have our first patient. I don't know how that is going to work with your system. We haven't talked about ABA in the past at all, but wanted to bring it up. Hopefully we can include all services through your. Through your system and have all rbts and all therapists use your. Your platform. Okay.
Jackson Bierfeldt: So if I. I think we don't have, like an ABA template right now, but that sounds like a great opportunity for us to develop one alongside you and your therapists.
JORGE VALCOURT: Yeah, I think you guys are gonna benefit, too, if you get into that. That realm.
Nathan Peereboom: Totally.
JORGE VALCOURT: Okay. So for the next meeting, I'm going to send you that spreadsheet, Adam, so you can start playing with that. The contracts, you have those already, right? Ebony sent something to you. Or I show you that.
Adam Harrison: Yeah. Let me pull up kind of where we are on the. On the data side, because we. I don't know that I've gotten much yet from, from Ebony, but is she in the chat?
JORGE VALCOURT: Is she in the channel?
Adam Harrison: No, just Janet is in the channel. Do we need to add Ebony, too?
JORGE VALCOURT: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Otherwise I'm going to be okay.
Adam Harrison: Yeah. And I'm happy to just work directly with whoever. Jorge, to the extent you're. You're comfortable just to kind of save you some, some cycles on some of the.
JORGE VALCOURT: Yeah.
JORGE VALCOURT: You know, tactical stuff either to the, to the channel, Adam. That way when you ask for something, if she doesn't respond to you quickly, I can, I can follow up and make it. Make it happen.
Adam Harrison: Got it.
JORGE VALCOURT: It's Nicole Palmer.
Adam Harrison: Let me see. How do I. So I need to invite. You said Ebony here.
JORGE VALCOURT: No, I'm sorry, she shows up as Nicole Polymer.
Adam Harrison: Oh. Do you know, I don't think I can add her by name because I don't.
JORGE VALCOURT: You need the name?
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah, yeah.
JORGE VALCOURT: Okay, so it will be Ebony E b s in boy o n I@springsdr.com.ebony@springs doctor.com. yep, that's her.
Adam Harrison: Okay, perfect. And then. So I just sent that. So that invite has gone out. And then in terms of what Ebony is sort of owning versus what Janet is owning, how does that typically everybody's contracts, so anything contracts.
JORGE VALCOURT: So the contract itself, reimbursement rates, those two things. I mean, and I think that's a bulk of. Of the information you need to work on the, on the claims and get baselines and all that. The logins is Janet, which she sent to me, that's on me. Now I have to review what she sent and I have to send it to you. And I think that's it for you. The other things have to do with Nate that he asked for them today.
Adam Harrison: Okay, perfect. Yeah. Just to quickly run through availability, we have already other logins. I think Jorge, that's sitting with you, you said because you're reviewing what Janet shared with you, does that include the portals as well as advanced md?
JORGE VALCOURT: That's what should be in that spreadsheet, Adam. I haven't looked at it yet, but those were the things that she had on her plate that she had to come up with. So hopefully all those logins are in that spreadsheet. I can send it to you and you can have everything. If not, maybe you need. She's missing one or two that she needs to get and send it back to me.
Adam Harrison: Perfect. Ebony, I'll work with on the payer documents. Sounds like there's a drive for that that you're. That's been pulled together.
JORGE VALCOURT: Yep. And when you talk to her, we're going to have to touch on the ones that are old.
Adam Harrison: Okay.
JORGE VALCOURT: And make sure she identifies the ones that need some work so we know those are suspicious and we need to work on those in the. In the near future.
Adam Harrison: Got it. Would it make sense for maybe me, Ebony and Janet, if needed, to just hop on a quick call to kind of make sure I understand, like, you know, do a quick like 15, 20 minute walkthrough on here's the documents, here's what's new, here's what's old.
JORGE VALCOURT: Just kind of. That's fine. Set it up with Janet and, and have it. I don't think it's going to be a long meeting.
Adam Harrison: Okay. All right. And then some of these other things here are just other inputs for jaw audit that'll be helpful. They're a little bit lower priority, but I'm planning to just work directly with Janet on these once we get the logins done. That's sort of the first step. Yeah, but this, this will be like phase two.
JORGE VALCOURT: Yeah. That's why you can mention it to her already so she start putting all that together.
JORGE VALCOURT: So when that comes, we have something done and we don't have too long.
Adam Harrison: Yep. So I'll. I'll just send a note in the slack kind of summarizing this tagging maybe Janet as well, so that we can like set up a quick call with her and Ebony to just kind of check in and answer any questions on. On these different things here.
JORGE VALCOURT: Okay, let's do it.
Adam Harrison: Awesome. All right.
Nathan Peereboom: Can we just look at kind of the next week in terms of like meetings and collaboration? So we've got a 2 o' clock meeting on Friday. I guess I'm going to ask the three of you guys what's helpful for that meeting. Do we want to kick it or do we want to keep it? Because we don't need to keep it if it's not going to be helpful. So did you like, Adam, is it helpful to you if we do the meeting with Janet, Ebony and Jorge on at 2pm on Friday, or does that kind of not move the needle?
Adam Harrison: I think that could be. We could probably just, if we wanted to repurpose that meeting, I could just meet with Janet and Ebony at that time. And Jorge, you can be optional. And, Nate Jackson, you can also be optional to just kind of do like, okay, where are we on data? What questions do I have as I've gone through and reviewed things? Where are there open kind of odds and ends? So we can kind of repurpose it to more of, like, More tactical meeting. That would be like, my suggestion.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, I think that that works. Jorge, is that okay with you?
JORGE VALCOURT: Yeah, that is fine. That is fine. I mean, I want to make progress as much as you guys do. So I can send what I have to you, Adam, by tomorrow.
Adam Harrison: You look at it.
JORGE VALCOURT: Hopefully I can get to it before noon tomorrow. So you have time in the afternoon to review what I send you. And on Friday we can go over gaps or go over missing information.
Adam Harrison: Perfect. And Maybe that's a 20 minute call. Maybe. You know, I don't think we'll need the full 45, but we can just leave it for now and just. This is a placeholder, if that works.
JORGE VALCOURT: Yeah, that's fine.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay. I'm add Anthony to this.
JORGE VALCOURT: Something happened.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, great. So I just added Ebony to that meeting and I'm going to retitle it.
JORGE VALCOURT: Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: All right, great. Okay, sounds. Sounds perfect.
JORGE VALCOURT: Okay, I'm not gonna. I'm going to review that. MSA nade for peak.
Nathan Peereboom: Great.
JORGE VALCOURT: Anything different from what I already signed for Valcord?
Nathan Peereboom: I just copied and pasted it. But also, I mean, Jorge, there's also no, like, pressure. Like, you can, you can sign it whatever you want.
JORGE VALCOURT: I mean, but I just want you guys to feel comfortable spending time into this. Okay. So I know it's for you. It's a money that you want to get this going.
Nathan Peereboom: Oh, at some point. At some point. Yeah. No, we're, we're. We appreciate that now. That's great.
JORGE VALCOURT: Okay. Okay, guys, sounds good. So see you guys on Friday. Adam, I will send that over to you tomorrow. By all means. If you don't see me moving, send me a. Send a text message. Send me a message and I will get on it.
Adam Harrison: Okay, thank you, Jorge. Sounds great.
JORGE VALCOURT: Okay, thank you guys.
JORGE VALCOURT: Have a good night.
Nathan Peereboom: Take care. Good night.
JORGE VALCOURT: You too. Bye. Bye.