Emily Kaiser: For an hour.
Christopher Hume: For Scott. Which one is she?
Christopher Hume: Brand new, bright. Psych.
Emily Kaiser: Oh, I don't know. I mean, I shouldn't say brand new. She is a paying customer.
Christopher Hume: Let's see.
Emily Kaiser: Her email is dancing.
Christopher Hume: No, dancing coyotes. Okay, awesome. So what she interested in?
Emily Kaiser: Honestly, everything. She is a sole provider. She does everything, her and her husband. And it sounds pretty messy over there.
Christopher Hume: You may have made a mistake calling her on the phone. You might be. The first one you might start getting is her husband. What's his name? Tom.
Emily Kaiser: I don't know. He's the IT guy, though. She also said, I don't know if that's the same person.
Emily Kaiser: Oh, yeah, she was an interesting character.
Christopher Hume: Yeah. No, that's great.
Emily Kaiser: What happened?
Emily Kaiser: I'd love to hear about it,
Christopher Hume: and we can talk bigger picture stuff.
Emily Kaiser: Yeah, Actually, it's kind of interesting this week. I've had a lot of people sign up for more support customer service meetings when calling for eprescription. So I've had like three meetings scheduled for that, but obviously hoping to get on the call and see if I could anything else. So we just kind of talked about her book of business, and then it sounds, I mean, she obviously pays for jot psych with them. And she went on her notes. She had one note, and it was in last November, so she hasn't used it in a long time. She said she got frustrated with it, and then she's just kind of letting it sit. So we did, like, a real full demo, and there's lots of updates that have been made since she was on it last. And so we recorded a fake note, went through all of it, showed her her patient profiles, and basically how she can manage everything.
Christopher Hume: Wait, that is abs. Wow. Okay, sorry.
Emily Kaiser: Keep going. And then through that, we talked about. She clicked on dot audit at one point. So we talked about audit and we kind of showed her, like, what notes it was suggesting for her to make. She really liked that. We talked about how she did billing and we talked about E Prescription. And she has a call with Lee at 2. Today.
Christopher Hume: Am okay.
Emily Kaiser: Yeah. So I don't know if he. I mean, obviously it's set up for e prescription, but it might be useful for him to know that she's interested in, like, the whole thing. I did offer her the free data transfer.
Christopher Hume: For JotRx. Okay, cool.
Emily Kaiser: Because that was her. Like, she was very overwhelmed at the thought of changing system. And she's had everybody, you know, on her One system since 2011. So once I mentioned that, she was like, oh, okay, great. Okay, cool.
Christopher Hume: Yeah. So I'll actually pay a switch out rx. We can do what we can do for the data. Okay, that's exciting.
Christopher Hume: That is absolutely wild, Emily, that she's not using the software. I've had multiple calls with her husband.
Emily Kaiser: So I. She was very confused in general with technology, we'll say. But she was saying certain things like, like I said that I saw it. There was one note in November. But then she was saying certain things, like she saves her information, like the notes. Justin Jot. Psych. And I was like, what are you talking about if, like, I don't know, she was confusing me. I wasn't fully understanding it, but I also was like, should. I probably shouldn't dive down this tech hole?
Christopher Hume: And, like, sometimes it gets scary, right? Just let it ride, right? Okay, well, great. Yeah, I think there's a lot of juice to squeeze out of customers like that. I think they struggle to find these features on their own, but, like, it's actually something they need. Have you been able to sit in and outrx call?
Emily Kaiser: Yep. No, it was a no show. I was supposed to join in with Becca, but they didn't show up.
Christopher Hume: Okay, well, are you available to sit in that one with? Either a 2pm or the 230 you scheduled.
Christopher Hume: You don't have to. I just want to get you up and running on that.
Emily Kaiser: No, I paused because. Did I schedule two on accident? I was having trouble with.
Christopher Hume: No, no, no, no. Lee has two back to back, but not related to.
Emily Kaiser: Okay, I could probably do the earlier one. It just depends if my daughter up or not, so it'll be like the last minute.
Christopher Hume: Yeah, I'll just ask lee.
Emily Kaiser: But it would be good if I could join the One with Jennifer, because I could. Help provide a little bit of background.
Christopher Hume: I'm sorry. Do you want to be on the 230 call?
Emily Kaiser: Is that? 2:30? Yeah, let's aim for that one. And if my daughter sleeping then.
Christopher Hume: Yeah, if you can't make it, it's fine.
Emily Kaiser: Okay?
Christopher Hume: Okay? So, any other thoughts on how things are going? Anything like that?
Emily Kaiser: Nothing that we really haven't discussed. I mean, like I said, a lot of people are. Interested this week in setting. Setting time aside to, like, kind of talk customer support. I'm booking those meetings even though they're. They don't sound so interested in E Prescription right off the bat. I mean, they're interested, but, like, that's not the reason for our meeting. And then I'm. Hoping to kind of trickle in information. And figure out how we can go from that meeting. But no. I mean, I been able to get anyone to sign up for a prescription, which is a little bit of a bummer, but there is interest out there.
Christopher Hume: And has anyone been interested when you're kind of talking with them in jot, Bill? Or has it mostly just been like, actually, I need customer support help?
Emily Kaiser: I would say some interest in Jotville. I'm really trying to stick to E prescriptions specifically and then if there's an opportunity for jot bill audit credentialing, I kind of that way. But I would say most interest of the conversations I'm having are around E prescription but majority of it is leading to customer support.
Christopher Hume: Okay, well, so you booked, you said, three customer support meetings this week?
Emily Kaiser: Yes, I had. Well, I had Jennifer, and then I have two tomorrow.
Christopher Hume: Ok. I mean. Yeah. I think we should have to see where this goes. This is kind of a little unexpected, but it's sort of like, The value we were hoping to get here by having you call everyone and putting you more on this friend role where you're, like, helping them, but you're also, like, in building that relationship, identifying where we can. Kind of get more from them.
Christopher Hume: Or we could offer more value for money. Okay. So I think we probably just have to let it ride and see how these other meetings go. And then hopefully what we can do, Emily, is transition after a meeting or two where you sit in with Lee, transition you to walking people through rx and then eventually jot bill to okay. Cool. Where do you stand in your list and that sort of stuff?
Emily Kaiser: I am on the third go round with this, so I'll probably need another one by the end of the week. By, if not tomorrow, by Friday.
Christopher Hume: Okay? Cool. Let me see here. So. And I know I still owe you adjustments on your script, but you have any additional plots there?
Emily Kaiser: No, I think that I use the script, but I definitely am not word for word on it. I mean, it's helpful to go back with some things, but I don't think you should spend too much time on it, basically.
Christopher Hume: Cool. And so we gave you a list. I love the listing. Maybe 75 people, I think.
Emily Kaiser: That is a good question. I have no idea. Let me see.
Christopher Hume: It was 75. 75 people you've booked so far, three meetings from it.
Emily Kaiser: No, I had a couple more last week that were from that list. Let me go over my calendar.
Emily Kaiser: Well, the one was a no show, which was Monday. And then. I think that's it. I think four.
Christopher Hume: Okay, but you're not even all the way through it yet. So we booked four meetings so far. There are more kind of customer support, customer success oriented. And we're trying to figure out the outcomes here, if you can kind of turn them into Java X, job build, jot, cred. And so far I've attended meetings. You're one for one in like getting them interested in additional products.
Emily Kaiser: Yep. And then also Martin Schwarting.
Christopher Hume: Oh yeah, what's going on?
Emily Kaiser: He's in cl. I have a follow up with him tomorrow. We had a meeting last week on Friday, I believe, and he did sign up for jot. Psych. Yeah. And then he was interested in other things. We were just kind of helping him implement everything. And he really wanted to use his iPad. Decided not to use iPad. There's no need for the iPad. So tomorrow is just kind of like a follow up on questions he has.
Christopher Hume: Let's go. Okay? Yeah. You'll have to see how he's doing. He has a bunch of transcripts, and it looks like only a couple notes, so hopefully he's, like, deleting his notes or something. But he might be having issues he might be having issues creating. Yeah, it looks like. He's. We'll see what he says. It looks like he's having some issues.
Emily Kaiser: Yeah, it sounded like it. And we were kind of like, let's wait a day and see how it develops. So, you know, obviously he can come with more questions that I could hopefully answer.
Christopher Hume: Okay? And is he interested just for him or is he a group 2 or what's the situation there?
Emily Kaiser: He is a group. He's the only prescriber in the group. This is the group that uses the system for. Chiropractic care. And he would like to suggest this, but he wants to see how it works on his own because he's newer to the clinic.
Christopher Hume: Cool. Any other things that I can help with.
Emily Kaiser: No, I don't think so.
Christopher Hume: I also just want to let you know I obviously have not forgotten that we need to redo your comp structure, so I am finalizing that day. I think it's probably pretty close to done. I just need to review it with Nate before I share it with you and Jack, just to make sure he doesn't have any final thoughts. But again, so how it's going to work, Emily, is there's going to be three tiers, and it's going to be. If you book a meeting and then someone else takes it, that's a certain percentage. If you call someone, take the first meeting and then hand them up, that's a higher percentage. And eventually, when you're doing everything, like you're doing right now with Martin, Percentage. And I want to make sure we're saying, go for success. So it's something that you kind of have a lot of upside, it's sustainable, and it's just like, the more you bring in, the more money you're making. The more money we're making, we don't really have. To worry about. I think a concern we sort of just let you buy in. The curtain ran into with our initial campaign that I set up was we had so much churn in those customers after they signed up.
Christopher Hume: That we were risking a situation where. We weren't sustainable because. The capturing those paused users, the bonuses for those false users, and then when they were churning out. We were just running into some, trying to adjust it to make it more sustainable. And I'll be sharing that with you, I really, really hope, this evening for your review, and then we can find it this week. I think. Having all my AI helpers look at it like, is this align with kind of Emily's past performance and all that, and it looks like we're on track. It shouldn't be kind of like anything crazy, any crazy changes at the end of the day, but it will be a different structure and a little bit more complicated.
Emily Kaiser: Okay, that sounds good.
Christopher Hume: Yeah. I'm excited to see how this goes with the calling. It's really interesting that people just want help.
Emily Kaiser: But I do think it's like leading somewhere, which is good initially. I think what it is is they want help with the current thing that they're paying for before I am trying to pitch them on something else, obviously.
Christopher Hume: Well, Trin, you and Emily. There's some pretty big issues right now that I'm like losing. I'm not sure if you see me in slack, like losing my freaking mind. I start getting recorded. So I guess it's that just continue and me. But yeah, we have some issues with the AI editor. Where I'm like, holy shit. I am on Monday. Or Sunday. I was trying to do something for a customer. It just wasn't working. I understand why they sent me all these nasty emails now. Because I'm about to send a nasty email. If you end up in a situation where someone's really pissed, specifically around the AI editor, let me know.
Emily Kaiser: Okay, good to know. The main things I've been hearing lately are actually like regarding how the patient is addressed like clinic or I mean client or patient. A lot of people are trying Yes, I went and said I are giving me feedback that they are saying to the AI editor they want it to change it to the patient's name. And they keep having to go back in editing that every time. I hearing that a lot. Like, I don't know if there's an option to where you can select patient client name.
Christopher Hume: Yes. So there is.
Christopher Hume: Well, there is. And there's also an issue where AI editor is not listening to people. Again, don't tell anyone this.
Christopher Hume: But the AI editor is working 47% of the time right now.
Emily Kaiser: Oh, no. Okay.
Christopher Hume: It's just, like, an issue, and we just had to be. So sorry you're facing that. I don't even think. Tell them we know it's an issue, but this is so interesting. I'm going to elevate to the engineering team. So if they click this. And unredact the names.
Emily Kaiser: Ok.
Christopher Hume: Because if it's redacting the names, it's not going to be able to. Include the name.
Emily Kaiser: So that's what?
Christopher Hume: I have to do it every time. So unredact the name should help.
Emily Kaiser: Okay, cool.
Christopher Hume: Okay, we're just going to keep chugging along. Emily, I think we'll have a better idea on how your new role is working. In the next couple of weeks when we see how these meetings go. We'll just have to see what happens. I think the other thing wanted to talk about is getting you down. I guess it's down for you down to D.C. next week. So do you want to.
Christopher Hume: Just do our customers.
Emily Kaiser: Do not reverse today. That's the second time.
Christopher Hume: I'm just, like, getting too close to the customers.
Christopher Hume: This is so bad. Like losing my ability to use a computer. Got to be close to customer. What I was saying. Is. I have a nightmare scenario where I have to go to North Dakota next week. That's probably going to be one state evenings. So if you want to come in Monday or Tuesday, both of those days. Work and you can probably make sense to come in the night before. You can stay one night or two nights. Whatever works for you. You can either come in Sunday night, work with me Monday, and then leave Tuesday, or come in Monday night. We work Tuesday and then you go home Wednesday. I think whatever works best for your schedule. Whatever is the most reasonable logistically and price wise works for us.
Emily Kaiser: Okay? I'm just trying to remember if my mom who watches my daughter has something on Monday morning. But if not, then I could either come in Sunday or Monday is what I'm thinking.
Christopher Hume: How about you just look and see what works for you and see what makes the most sense for your schedule. If you're like, hey, both are great. I don't really care. Light reference to Monday because I might try to Shoot me. I might try to go to Fargo a day early to a different customer, but that's super up in the air and is pretty unlikely. But if it's a toss up, do Monday, otherwise Tuesday.
Emily Kaiser: That sounds good. I think Monday should be no problem. But are you saying, just to clarify, you want it would it would be best for me to fly in Sunday night? And work day Monday.
Christopher Hume: Yeah, that would make the most sense to me. But if that doesn't work for your schedule, you can always. You can just fly in Monday night. We can do Tuesday.
Emily Kaiser: Okay. Let me figure it out, and I can let you know.
Christopher Hume: Yeah. Or if there's, like, an early flight, like, hey, I get in by 11, we can. You can start the workday 11 on Monday. Like we're flexible.
Emily Kaiser: Okay, that sounds good.
Christopher Hume: Yeah, I was doing a panicked. Not panicked, but I was, like, checking with Asia. Like, Asia. Do we have any furniture left? We do. Don't worry. We have furniture. All the bedrooms are still there. We're moving. And she was in the office this week. Fixing a bunch of things. So she, like, put the stairs back together. She had to like what she did. She had to hire a handyman, I guess, to fix our wall. Me too, because, like, we have done some damage. So we'll see what it looks like, okay? So if you just want to take a look at, like, logistics and flights, you can just send me the flights and the price, and I'll just give you a thumbs up, and we can do that today or tomorrow.
Emily Kaiser: I think that'd be good. That sounds good. I'll just reach out to my mom, right? After this. And. Perfect. Probably in, like, the next hour or so.
Christopher Hume: Okay, cool. And then I think, The only thing is, if you need help with what just like going back to your deals. If you need help with. Who's the guy who was Martin? If you know what Martin, let me know. Happy to jump in and try and push. But it seems like you've got it.
Emily Kaiser: Yeah, okay, I might. But let's see. What? The table? Yeah. Thank you. Bye.