Nathan Peereboom: Whoa. Good catch. Are you ready? I'm gonna let her in. Hey, Angie. How are you?
Angie Corbin: Are you good?
Nathan Peereboom: Do you have a dragon in your bedroom?
Angie Corbin: I was playing. I don't know what it is.
Nathan Peereboom: Wow, that is awesome. We. We don't have enough, like, fantasy level backgrounds in this. In this world, in this weird telehealth telecommunications world. Hey, it's great to meet you. I think you and I probably met before, but I wanted to jump on and just say hello, introduce myself again. My name is Nate. I'm the CEO and co founder of JOT Psych. And yeah, I wanted to see kind of where you were with. I know you and Chris have been talking about some things. We were thinking about doing an analysis project for you, and I just wanted to step in and see if I can be helpful here.
Angie Corbin: Okay, I appreciate that.
Nathan Peereboom: Chris, you want a quarterback. I mean, I know that. Oh, I'm sorry. Go on, Angie.
Angie Corbin: No, go ahead.
Christopher Hume: I was just going to say Nate and Angie, kind of as we discussed. Angie, I think you said you had something like $6,000 caught in Tebra purgatory, if I remember correctly.
Angie Corbin: Yes, I finally had somebody get back with me to give me sort of some information. I'm going to have to call the insurance company and give them every single encounter and when it was and how much it was to see why they're not. Why they haven't paid it.
Christopher Hume: Oh, my gosh.
Angie Corbin: Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, so you're basically being audited. Is that. Is that what I'm hearing? You're being audited?
Angie Corbin: I have no idea.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay.
Angie Corbin: I don't know what they're doing. They paid some, and then some of the rest of them say no response, so I don't know what's going on with it.
Nathan Peereboom: Angie, I know you've talked with Chris about this, so I. I'm so sorry for asking you to repeat it, but what is your current billing system? How do you do billing?
Angie Corbin: I try to use Tebra, but I try to do it all, and I'm really not that educated in billing, obviously. Yeah, it was a lot more than a bargain for when I tried to open a practice.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, totally.
Angie Corbin: So now I'm just trying to recoup something.
Nathan Peereboom: Totally. Have you guys talked about drop bill? Like, are you familiar with our drop bill offering?
Angie Corbin: Not 100%, no. And if Chris mentioned it, then was probably zoned out. It's been a rough couple of months.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, well, first of all, I'm so sorry that it's been a rough couple months. What I want you to know, though, is you are not alone. Like, we. I talk to people. I talk to 10 people a day in these kinds of meetings where I'm like, what's going on with your billing? Like, and everyone has the same story. The story is I didn't become a clinician to become a biller. The insurance companies are wily and they claw back what they can. The EHRs are miserable to use and very, very challenging to, like, process through. And I have no idea what's going on. Everyone says that. Everyone's like, I have no idea what's going on. So here's what I want to do. I want to show you our. Our billing offering because it's built exactly for you.
Angie Corbin: Okay?
Nathan Peereboom: And there's. I say this to everyone.
Nathan Peereboom: We're going to be around forever. So if now isn't the right time, Angie, there's no pressure.
Nathan Peereboom: There's truly no pressure. I do want you to know what we have, and if you want to move forward, we can make that as easy as possible. We have a bunch of different ways we can start working together, but I just want you to have all the information. Okay? Okay, so let me go here. Flip up to the top. Okay. And go. View slideshow okay, so first of all, what is JOT Bill? Jot Bill is the uniting of your documentation world and your billing world. Now, you're feeling this right now, Angie, because you're sending your documents to your payers, right? That's whatever told you to do. And most of the time, documentation is divorced from the payer world. And so what happens is the payers take advantage of that because they know that your documents aren't written or audited or reviewed intelligently in respect to the payer docs.
Nathan Peereboom: So what they'll do is they use the notes you write as a way to claw back revenue from you. So what is. What is JOT Bill? Drop Bill is an AI and human billing service that analyzes your notes so that they are specifically written for certain payers, accurately codes them, submits the claim, and follows up till the cows come home and you get paid. You know, we've. We're a large company at some level, you know, we've skyped for over 2.1 million encounters just in behavioral health. This is all we do. From your perspective, what's the Angie experience? One, you just see if your patient's eligible. Two, you do your encounter, we write a perfect note for you. Three, you sign it and you're done. That's it. When you sign your note, we take over, we write the claim, we review the note, we kick it back to you if we're like. Like we don't think this is going to get reimbursed for X, Y or Z, and then we deal with everything else. So we do all the eligibility checks, we synthesize all your payer documentation so your notes get written, submit the claim, we do automated appeals and underpayment detection, and we'll even reach out to your patients on behalf of you to get paid. So we charge for this? Somewhere between 4 and 8%. Standard fee, nothing special here. And you can choose how much you want us to be involved. And then the typical way we begin is with this jot bill analysis. Now, I know that you had said to Chris, and I think I might, you might have emailed me that you didn't want to pay for this. So that's totally fine. What the reason we typically do that is we do it because it allows us to know what you're earning today, where is money getting delayed or lost, and what changes would unlock the most impact. And then for you, it's your ability to see, hey, these guys are serious. Like, they're insightful, they understand my practice. I'm not just some cookie cutter thing that they're playing with. And so the reason we charge for it, the only reason we charge is because we don't want to waste our time. You know, like, we don't want someone to be like, yeah, yeah, go run down this rabbit hole. And then for us to like, you know, for it not to matter to them or whatever, but we don't have to do it. It's not, it's not necessary for us to get started. There are other ways to explore this partnership. One of the things that we could do if you were interested is we could just sign an Ms. If you were interested in billing, we could give this $300 fee because look, we're going to do it anyways.
Nathan Peereboom: Like, even if you didn't pay us for this, if you're a billing client, we have to do it because our incentive is we want you to make as much money as possible because that's how we get paid. You know, we get paid as a percentage of what you get paid. And when our self interest, like, we want to just be really careful about understanding what's happening in your practice. So one thing that we could do is if you were. Well, actually, sorry, before, before I try and come up with a solution.
Nathan Peereboom: Is this at all interesting to you? Is this something that you would want help with?
Angie Corbin: Yes.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay.
Angie Corbin: My practice is not, not big because I was so aggravated with trying to do the billing and trying to recoup my money and personal factors. I'm, I'm not seeing in pay in person patients anymore. I'm strictly doing telehealth.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah.
Angie Corbin: Because I just, I wouldn't, I wouldn't make it enough to keep a clinic open.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, no, I understand that. I mean, I think for you, my guess is that this fee structure is actually ideal because there's no upfront cost.
Nathan Peereboom: Also, throw something in here. I'VE never. I've never done this. But, Chris, you're going to see it for the first time. One of the things that we care about is speed. We're like a speedy company. We care about the particularly with billing. It's all about how fast can we submit your claims and get you paid. Speed is almost as important as the actual number of dollars you get back, because payers are tricky. What they'll do is they'll say, hey, we didn't deny it. It's just pending. It's pending.
Nathan Peereboom: It's not denied, it's pending, but. But you know, when it's pending for over 180 days, you're like, well, it's kind of denied, you know. And so in the interest of speed, here's what I would say to you, Angie. If you're interested in us doing your billing and you sign up for any of the plans and you're willing to like meet with us next week and get started, so like have your payer docs give us access to your ehr, like actually let us start submitting billing next week, we'll kick you back a thousand dollars. We'll just like give you a thousand dollar fast start fee or like fast start, like, you know, rebate. And the reason we'll do that is because we don't want to. Like, we just are eager to get rolling, you know, and, and so with that, you know, we'll just give that to you in cash and then we'll start billing from that point. So if that's interesting to you, like you can let me know and we can send you the documentation and we can set up a meeting. But we like to move fast. We like to take over anything that's like pending. So you know, the things that you're dealing with with your insurance companies right now, we just want you to give us a folder, send it our way and let us handle it.
Angie Corbin: Okay, so let me ask this question. The jot psych and the JOT billing, do they work? I mean, I know they work together.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah.
Angie Corbin: Can you consider this to be in. I'm, I'm new, I'm new to this and I just kind of gave up like a complete EHR system to where? Because I know it does your notes, I know it, I mean, so I could just get rid of Tebra completely.
Nathan Peereboom: Get rid of Tebra. You don't need it.
Nathan Peereboom: We do lab orders, we do forms, we do every kind of letter documentation, we do your notes, we do E prescription, we do billing and we do calendaring. What more do you need?
Angie Corbin: Because you got the air. So absolutely nothing.
Nathan Peereboom: Absolutely nothing. Exactly. So here's another thing that we can do, Angie, and this is part of it, is we can, we can do a, a data transfer, a data carryover. So we can go into your ehr, pull your data and just push it into job site. So that way you're not starting from scratch. You've got all your patient data in there.
Angie Corbin: Okay.
Nathan Peereboom: And we charge 300 for that. But with this thousand dollars rebate, like we can just push that into it.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, so let me, let me ask you this. What would be a reason not to do this? Like, help me understand. Like, you probably are thinking about certain things where you're like, oh, I'm really sure. Like, what are the things that you're thinking of? And let's just talk about them as a team. And if we can't, we can't answer them, then no worries.
Angie Corbin: My first thought is, what would be the monthly charge? Because I. I don't have that many patients right now.
Nathan Peereboom: We, we might not make that much money on you, Angie, but, like, here's, here's our theory. Our theory is that our software empowers clinicians to go practice medicine like they never have before.
Nathan Peereboom: That's our, that's our belief. Our belief is that clinicians who are bogged down in administrative work are actually, like, many of them are actually incredible, you know, psychiatric nurse practitioners, psychiatrists, therapists, addiction medicine folks. And so by freeing up their cognitive space to go pursue the thing that they're excellent at, we believe that we are making a good long term investment in every single customer. That's our theory of victory. So, like, this month, I don't really care. Like, it doesn't matter to us. Like, you're, you're a solo practitioner, we work with thousands of practitioners. You're not going to be a huge revenue source for our business. But what we believe is that over time, we're going to serve the heck out of you. You're going to get more patience. You're going to tell your friends. They're going to tell their friends. Like, it's not about this month's revenue. We don't, it's not that important to us.
Nathan Peereboom: It's a longer term vision of being the provider in this space that, you know, cares about you and that you tell other people about. That's our theory of victory.
Angie Corbin: Okay, Makes sense.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, well, how about this? Oh, sorry, go on. No, no, go ahead. I think what we should do is let's set you up for a meeting for next week to get rolling.
Angie Corbin: Okay?
Nathan Peereboom: I'll send you the msa.
Nathan Peereboom: If you don't want to sign the MSA or you don't want to go through with it, that's totally fine. As I said, there's truly, like, there's no pressure. And if you do want to go forward, you'll sign the MSA and we'll just kick off that day and there's no, there's no obligation. Okay. Okay. Yeah. All right. Let me look at my calendar.
Angie Corbin: I don't have to be late in the evening because I, I do work full time job.
Nathan Peereboom: Perfect. Okay. Late in the evening. What's late in the evening for you about this time?
Angie Corbin: About 5:15. Let me see. I got patience.
Nathan Peereboom: 5:15. Okay, great. Could we do. Angie, where do you live? Are you in Central Time?
Angie Corbin: I am. I'm in Mississippi.
Nathan Peereboom: Oh, cool. Where in Mississippi are you from?
Angie Corbin: Northeast Cleveland.
Nathan Peereboom: Oh, my gosh. I'm from Cleveland, Ohio. Do you, do you know Natchez? Have you ever been to Natchez Yeah, it's south of us.
Angie Corbin: About three and a half hours. Four hours. Beautiful. Beautiful.
Nathan Peereboom: I. A few years ago, I dated a woman who was born and lived in Natchez. And I felt like I lived there myself for a little while.
Angie Corbin: Gorgeous down there.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. Yeah. Okay, how about we do this? How about. 06:30. Let me, let me check Adam's calendar. Oh, man. Calendar matrix. It's always challenging. Adam Harrison. Okay, how about Tuesday? Could we do Tuesday at 6:30?
Angie Corbin: Sure. And that's 6:30 your time or 6:30 my time. Get off of that.
Nathan Peereboom: 6:30 our time. 5:30 years.
Angie Corbin: Okay, Tuesday.
Nathan Peereboom: And that's the 24th, correct? Yep.
Angie Corbin: Okay.
Nathan Peereboom: Job bill. Kickoff. All right. 6:32. Okay. So Angie, for that meeting, what would be helpful is.
Angie Corbin: Excuse me, if you.
Nathan Peereboom: If you could. Actually, all you really need is to have the MSA signed and then to come with the ability to add us to your tempera. That those are the two things that we need.
Angie Corbin: Okay. How do you have to tell me how to add you to my tabra? Because I have no idea.
Nathan Peereboom: You don't even have to know. We can help you with.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, but here's what we're going to do in that meeting. We're going to get access to your Tebra one. We're going to set up for the job bill analysis, which will probably try and shoot for a readout on Friday. And then I also want to set you up to do a data transition so that you get all of your data. And then, and then we're going to set you up also with another meeting so that we can start bringing your data, bringing your billing into sending. Like, basically the first. Our. Our goal for the first week is we want to send one claim for you. You know, just so like, we know, hey, one claim has gone through. You see it? We see it. That's the goal for the week. One, one claim. Okay. Okay. And I'm gonna.
Nathan Peereboom: If I'm forgetting anything, I'll follow up with email. But we're probably gonna have you create what's called a steady account in that meeting as well on Tuesday, which essentially is going to allow us to use your NPI number to submit to a player. So, you know, just come with like your normal like identification stuff. So your driver's license, your NPI number, your, you know, if you have like a tax ID number, like that's good. And anything else. Okay. But other than that, there's nothing to prepare for.
Angie Corbin: Okay, now back to the monthly cost. Is that a per. I know, I thought it was a per claim. And then is there like a base cost for. For that.
Nathan Peereboom: So the subscription for JOT Psych is like $150 a month. So that's just per month. Yeah, but that's just to use like the software. But that, that doesn't include billing stuff.
Angie Corbin: And the billing was 90 cents of
Nathan Peereboom: the billing is somewhere between 4 and 8% of. And you get to choose your level of. Of, you know, support. And then we charge and you don't have to do any of these. But if you want us to do eligibility checks for you, we have to charge 90% or $0.90 per check just because we get charged for that.
Angie Corbin: Okay.
Nathan Peereboom: And then, Angie, do you prescribe medication?
Angie Corbin: I do.
Nathan Peereboom: Are you going to want to use re prescription? That's another thing where we get charged every time for it.
Angie Corbin: Yes, because I won't have anything.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, so that is. That's another $69.
Nathan Peereboom: So the total software cost, I think, is a little over $200. And then everything else is at risk for
Angie Corbin: the 69 is at a one time or is that a month
Nathan Peereboom: that we get charged that every month.
Angie Corbin: Okay. Okay.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah.
Angie Corbin: Do you use doctor First?
Nathan Peereboom: No, we use a company called Dose Spot.
Angie Corbin: Hope it's easier than doctor First Dose. What?
Nathan Peereboom: Dose Spot. Literally everyone says that test. It's so funny. People hate Dr. First. They really do.
Angie Corbin: And it's such a pain to get started with it.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, I know, I know. So, all right, cool. Anything else, Angie, that you. Oh, wait, do you want us to get you set up with prescription? Because that's like its own thing. Do you want us to set you up with that?
Angie Corbin: Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay. I'm going to have Lee set you up. Okay, let's see. Okay, so. Great. Okay, so I'm going to set you up. How does 5pm on Wednesday sound to do your E prescription and data transition meeting?
Angie Corbin: Can we do it just a little bit later? Because I don't usually get home till about 5:15 or so.
Nathan Peereboom: Sure. Yeah. What about 5:30?
Angie Corbin: Okay, Great.
Nathan Peereboom: 5:30. Great. And I'm sending calendar invites, so you've got all this. Okay.
Angie Corbin: Okay, thank you.
Nathan Peereboom: You fabric. Oh, yeah. Okay, perfect. All right, awesome.
Nathan Peereboom: I think that we've got everything. I think that's pretty much it. Oh, sorry, one other thing. Let's get set up for the jot bill readout, because we know we're going to do that. So how does 1:30 my time? 12? Oh, no. You're tied up all during the day, aren't you? Okay, let's do Monday the 2nd. Could we do 5:15 your time? 6:15 mine.
Angie Corbin: I have patience that day. So how long will that take?
Nathan Peereboom: Probably like 30 minutes.
Angie Corbin: Could we do 5:15 on Tuesday or either Thursday the 5th?
Nathan Peereboom: Tuesday and Thursday I am completely tied up. Do it Wednesday. Or would Wednesday work?
Angie Corbin: Wednesday at 6 would work, but I know that's gonna be late your time. Or Friday would be.
Nathan Peereboom: No, that's fine. Wednesday, seven o'clock my time. Six o' clock yours or sorry? Yeah. Is that right?
Angie Corbin: Yes.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, great. Perfect. Amazing. All right, so I'm going to send all of these calendar invites. I put them on my calendar. I'm going to send them over.
Angie Corbin: Okay?
Nathan Peereboom: All you have to worry about is signing the MSA and getting us temporary access and having your documents all in a little folder. Okay.
Angie Corbin: All right.
Nathan Peereboom: All right, Angie, I'm excited. Thank you so much.
Angie Corbin: This is going to be great. All right. Appreciate it. You'll have a good weekend.
Nathan Peereboom: Take care. Bye. Bye.
Angie Corbin: Bye. Bye.