Jon Baer: It was good. Yeah. Low key, you know, nothing. Nothing crazy.
Christopher Hume: Oh, yeah. You guys always win.
Jon Baer: Hey, you know, it's been like six years and I didn't even realize it's been that long. It's. I honestly felt, like, very short. Yeah. But it's been like six years since we've made the playoffs.
Christopher Hume: Really?
Jon Baer: I heard that on a station.
Christopher Hume: Yeah. What was it? The. I remember that Titans Patriots game where it ended on the pick or the pick six. And that was the last Tom Brady game. Yeah.
Christopher Hume: Well, could be worse. You could be a Jets fan. They were. They were really good when I was 15, which was awesome.
Jon Baer: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Christopher Hume: Cool. So just wanted to do sort of a. We'll do just a general check in then. I'd love to run you through kind of the new job site deck.
Christopher Hume: Just like, trying to get all the SDRs on, like, the same page, like, wavelength. Also, just before we do this, I'm getting. I cancel a vendor. Jesus Christ. I canceled a vendor meeting at 10:30 and I'm getting the hard sell right now and them trying to get me to show up. So let me just like, send a text message telling them I'm not going to show up. Okay. So how are things going? What are your, like, qualitative thoughts on, like, how this batch is going versus the old batch? Seems like the numbers might be. Yeah, I won't bias it. Just tell me how things are going from your end.
Jon Baer: I mean, I. I think, you know, last week I kind of changed it up, like, kind of like old school, like what I used to do. And, you know, because when I was first kind of going out, it was more just kind of like, you know, spray and pray. And now I'm a little bit more methodical, which gives me a lot more confidence on the phone. So, like, you know, before I put these people in the flow, I actually, like, go onto their website and then I see what exactly it is they do. If it's like tms, ketamine, you know, whatever that, Whatever that might be. And then I'll actually go. Because usually they have a provider page where they go into the provider so I can see who I'm putting in a flow. And they'll have like a bio. I'm seeing if I can pull out like some tidbits, you know what I mean, out of there. Like, sometimes they have, like, personal stuff that they like to do with their family. Go hiking, they. So, you know, adds a little bit of, like, personal flair to some, you know, some of the emails and then also kind of like the area as well.
Jon Baer: So if it's like Tulsa, Oklahoma, you know, I'm kind of, like, putting that within the email. But then, like, as I make the calls, I always refer to that first email. So I kind of, like, know the area I'm pulling back up. Kind of like their website and kind of like their profile and stuff. So when I get on the phone with somebody, hopefully I just have a little bit more to kind of work with. Like, I've kind of, like, done a little bit of my research, and I'm not just like. I actually can add value to whatever it is. You know what I mean? That. That. That you might have. So. And it just gives me more confidence on the phone than just kind of like, spray and pray sometimes. But I. I haven't had many people answering at all lately. I've had maybe, you know, I. I send you all the, like, the invalids or the wrong numbers and things like that. I've had maybe over, like, the la. Like last week, like, I had like, one or two people just hang up, you know, but not really. Besides that kind of, like, one conversation. Yeah. You haven't really had anything much, you know what I mean, with substance. Interesting. And then a few, like, you know, receptionists or whatever, you know, from. From the office, you know. But it's weird because, like, as I'm going to the calls, I'm like, damn, this person's clicked four times and opened this email, like, four times. Like, you know, so it's like I'm still kind of, like, bullish because I'm like, is, you know, eventually, if I can get on the phone with somebody, like, I know they're gonna know who I am just based on, like, what they've done with some of, like, the emails. It's just like, you know, it's like, how many times can this person click on book a meeting and then not book a meeting, you know? Yeah. So.
Christopher Hume: Okay. I think he's spoken once before. Let me just, like, actually just sit down. I'm gonna set aside an hour this morning, John, or this afternoon to just get you some new numbers for those people to just see. Like, the people who were like, no shows or what are invalid numbers to see if we can enrich them and get something new. Okay. I mean, I'm pretty.
Christopher Hume: I'm still pretty. Like, all the metrics actually look okay, aside from maybe pickup rate, but, like, for this one we've had what we're, like, at a 1% meeting, book rate, a 45 open, 13% click, like, that's all good.
Jon Baer: It's really just like. And I'm not even halfway through the list either. Yeah.
Christopher Hume: You know, and you're not halfway through the flow, so, like, the. I. That is a concern about the phone numbers. And we have way too many phone numbers that are invalid and emails that are bouncing. That's just like, kind of ridiculous that we paid for a vendor to get all this stuff and we're at like a 10 invalid data rate. But, like, that's not. That's. Whatever. It.
Christopher Hume: It kind of is what it is right now.
Jon Baer: Yeah, I'm trying different times too. Like, I try the mornings. I try maybe midday, kind of like the afternoon. I. And I know and like, again, when I'm talking to somebody in the office manager, like, they laugh like he's with patients all day.
Christopher Hume: Like, if.
Jon Baer: If he's interested, like. Like he'll email, you know what I mean? He'll email you back type thing, you know? And I know like some of the time, like. And you can tell these people's like either notifications or silence because it'll go straight to voicemail or it'll bring half a ring and go like, you know what I mean, to like voicemail. So, you know, like, it's. Yeah, it's tougher during. You know what I mean, during the day sometimes to get them. I try every. Every which way. I like, I like to dial in the morning because that's where I'm. I'm more live. Yeah. But I do like the three, four o' clocks as well, just to see if I can, you know, get, you know, switch it up a little bit, you know, too, so. Okay, cool.
Christopher Hume: Well, let's just see what happens. Let's. Yeah, I'll just keep tracking the numbers and we can see if anything needs to be adjusted or kind of what you think.
Christopher Hume: Um, yeah, I mean, I. I just feel like if one. One meeting booked from these calls, I feel like, especially given the issues of the phone numbers is like a pretty good indicator. I'm not sure, like, you probably have more experience.
Jon Baer: Listen, I. I think you need to. I think you need to. If you want to. I need. I think you need to run outbound. It helps in a million different ways. It gets the name out there. It gets in. If they're using something and they're not happy with it, timing is just like, oh, I remember these guys that sent something, you know, and that. And that's what organizations do, you know, like. Yeah, it's. It's all your appeal, you know, what's it. Clary or whatever, you know what I mean? Those other ones, like, that's. It's. They out outbound, you know, they get prospects, they call, they do whatever, you know, and then know, after some time things just, they start to generate pipeline. You generate pipeline, you know. Yeah. Or you, you can lead people to events, you know, as well. Like if, you know, you got event coming up in Texas or whatever, and you have some Texas companies like that, those are big. Like, hey, you're going to this event, we're going to be there when you want to stop by our booth, you know. Yeah, okay.
Christopher Hume: But then I guess just the last thing then on talking about, like, what's going on currently is what do you think of, like, how many meetings would you expect? To have booked so far. Like, do you. Does this feel like we're in the realm of what's ordinary for, like, 90 prospects?
Jon Baer: I mean, I would have liked to already kind of have something booked by now, to be honest with you. It's kind of frustrating, me personally, that, you know. You know, that I'm not.
Christopher Hume: Are we not telling the February one? Because that was kind of a tentative.
Jon Baer: Yeah, I. I will see, you know, we'll see what happens. I. I mean, I'm gonna follow up with him, you know, kind of the week after, because he gets back after January, January 20th.
Jon Baer: So I'm gonna follow back up and, you know. Yeah, I mean, we'll see what happens with that. But, yeah, again, it's not. I'm not even halfway through them, I guess. Okay. It's not that I have. We haven't been making traction. I mean, again, like, look at all the opens, clicks, things like that. It's just, hopefully I can get lucky and get somebody on the phone. Hopefully, timing's there and you just don't know. Right. Again, like, that. The guy I spoke to, he's like, I'm on the fence with AI. I just don't really know what it is. And it's like, okay, well, I can only show you. So you have a gauge on it whether you go with us or not or do it or not. At least you'll know, like, what others are doing, practices are doing within the industry and how they're utilizing it, you know, so.
Christopher Hume: Yeah, you just never know.
Jon Baer: Cool.
Christopher Hume: Now let's keep chatting along. I'll try and get you some updated phone numbers. Setting aside an hour today, but let me just show you how we're reframing job sites.
Jon Baer: And, And I've had. I've had days, you know, or. Or like, like weeks where it's been. I thought it's been bad. And then all of a sudden, I book like six meetings that week.
Christopher Hume: Things just.
Jon Baer: Yeah, you know, it's just kind of the way it goes. Yeah. So.
Christopher Hume: And the thing is, like, my second connection ever, someone booked a meeting with me. So I think, like. Yeah, I think it's like a lot of. Just like, you know, sometimes it works and sometimes it. Yeah, love.
Christopher Hume: Just gotta keep getting the shots out. Well, I use a lot of my luck right off the bat. Okay, so. Jot Psych. So I'm just going to rip through this, John, let me know if you have any questions. So this is kind of the new way we're trying to frame Jot Psych. And I think this is especially relevant when you're talking to clinics. So we want to make sure that they can, like, turn every behavioral health note into revenue. We want to allow them to charge to, like, the limit of the CPT code, the that they're audit proof and they don't have to worry about it. Seen this? We're rolling out this new or we have rolled out this new feature called Payer Aware notes. And so what this allows us to do is we have kind of rules built in on the back end.
Christopher Hume: But then they can also upload their payer contracts, their internal rules, et cetera, and JOT Psych will use those rules that we develop to create their notes so they know they're protected from any audits. And then it will cite those rules in the notes themselves. The other thing, and this is something you might want to pitch to kind of like supervisors or office managers is it allows them. We have this thing called JOT audit which gives them like a bird's eye view of what's going on with their clinicians. And it'll identify low quality notes, identify areas of risk and it will kind of say like, hey, like they used this CPT code, but they're missing a bunch. And it will flag that for the kind of supervisor. I think that's yes. So those are the main changes that I just wanted to flag for you. And like we're like. And I know we've kind of talked about this before and that's why you're using a new sequence. But this is like a new structure, structure for how we're framing Jet Psych
Jon Baer: and I can I like, like, can we just like share like those like couple like pages like or so when you download like those like just. I'd like to even, just be able to share some con, especially people that I've seen like opened like my emails and clicked a bunch of times. Like when I get back into like something I like, I'd like to like be able to maybe share some of those.
Christopher Hume: So right now we just send out this link. I'm sorry I sent you the wrong one. But we send out this link so they can have access to the whole presentation if you think that's like too much. So it's that DocuSign link. You can send that out to anyone.
Jon Baer: But the only thing I don't want to put is pricing.
Christopher Hume: Okay, then let me create something that takes out pricing and just get you that link so you can send it to those. Because that's a really good idea. You can go off sequence for the people who keep opening and clicking and shit. Like, hey, I've noticed, whatever. So let me get that to you. So I'll add that to my list for today, John.
Jon Baer: Okay, cool.
Jon Baer: Yeah, because just try to keep pricing out of it because then people go to that but then they fix it. Yeah, I want to just go for value and then, then the pricing makes sense.
Christopher Hume: Cool. Okay. So John, it seems like we need to figure out those phone numbers. I'm going to get you some new ones today for people that you've already tried. If I. I'm going to get you a new resource to send to people, and then we're just gonna keep chugging along, at least for this week, and I see how things start looking okay again. John.
Christopher Hume: I mean, like, maybe I'm Pollyannish about this, but I feel like the fact that we've gotten one person to sign up for hopefully, a meeting so far, like, I think we're on the. I think we're on the right track here, especially given how many nods we had, data wise.
Jon Baer: Just. Just as long as you're happy. You know what I mean? Like, personally, I. You know, my like standard is like, you know, so like. Yeah, it drives me crazy sometimes, but I, I, you know, I just want to make sure that you're seeing things in the right way.
Christopher Hume: So what do you think the limiting factor is? Like, what do you think is stopping us? Is it really the phone numbers?
Jon Baer: I don't think it's. I don't think it's the phone numbers. I, I think, I mean, I think there's a few things. I think it's just, you know, one is just hard to get in touch with these people because they, they truly are with patience, you know, the majority of the time. I also think that the timing like the, like the year, like, I mean, January doing a lot of this when they're. It's deductible season, they're trying to get co pays and everything. I mean it's tax season from the last year, so I'm guessing they have a lot to other things, you know what I mean, that they're gathering for, you know, yearlies and, and stuff like that, you know, But I mean, people are working, you know, I know it. They're looking at their emails at least, so just trying to break through and get to them. Maybe I start leaving a few voicemails or something because honestly that kind of, it helps me practice my pitch.
Jon Baer: You know, just even leaving a voicemail and then, you know, maybe next time they recognize a number and then they pick up, maybe they don't call me back, but maybe they recognize a number or something like that. So I don't know.
Christopher Hume: But let's keep chugging for now and if we need to make some adjustments, we can do that next week.
Jon Baer: Okay. And like I said, like this week might be just a little weird. Yeah. So, you know, I might not have much for you like next week. Hopefully you know, make something happen in this week. But just give you a heads up.
Christopher Hume: No, appreciate that, John. Completely understand.
Jon Baer: Okay, cool.
Christopher Hume: Let me know if you need anything. I'll be in touch.
Jon Baer: All right, thanks, Chris. Thanks, bye.