Jackson Bierfeldt: It's classic morning where I forgot to eat. And I'm, like, running around, and I'm sorry that I sleep.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, no problem. Yeah, it's. Big day, Valcore. That's exciting, Amanda. A lot going on there. Others are kind of. Moving along. But not as burning, I would say.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Okay, those are the two main focuses.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, I think so. Let me know what you had in mind here. But I think. I was thinking we should kind of just. Talk through what the immediate could dos are. For this week. Mostly focused on making sure everything goes well for those two.
Jackson Bierfeldt: I think that would be my preference. And then we can talk. We can meet again and find more of past handoff thing.
Jackson Bierfeldt: But yeah, let's just talk about the main to dos. So can we start with Valcourt?
Adam Harrison: Yeah.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Can I just update a little bit on what I've been doing and tracking and then hear from you and then let's try to align. Can you share the notion, tracker? To. Maybe that'll be useful.
Adam Harrison: I have not updated the Valcore Notion tracker, but everything else is updated.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Okay, great. Yesterday, I noticed that very few of their patients had full insurance information.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, they're not merging.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah, and then I've just been going back and forth on the patient import system because it actually just wasn't doing what it was supposed to. But I am very close right now to having all of the patient information from CALAB MD totally ported into our system for member id, policy, payer, date of birth, phone number, email. Like the main core things that I think we're going to need to know in order to know if it's cigna. Because we said Signa is what we're starting with this week, right? And it's a little confusing. I'm sure you've already gone through all of this with Cigna is actually ever north. But it's also sometimes cigna.
Adam Harrison: I think I have to look again at their advanced md, But I think they submit to the same Clearinghouse id. But I need to.
Jackson Bierfeldt: It's been a while since.
Adam Harrison: Okay, but I think we should just literally just follow exactly what they've been doing. Whoever they're submitting claims to for ex patient, we just follow the same. But I do remember looking at this. And I have to just. I have to check again. But.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Ok, so the clearinghouse might have like two things, but the alias to the same place is your understanding Exactly.
Adam Harrison: Sometimes it can go both ways. So sometimes it looks like it's signal, but it's actually like a different clearinghouse ID because it's. A specific signa plan or signamed Medicaid. It's like a different entity. So there are probably. There could be actually a few permutations. So we should check on that and then make sure that the ERA enrollment goes to all the relevant signal entities. But I think it might actually just be. It all goes to the main signa. But I have to. I have to double check.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Okay, cool. Yeah. Okay. That's a good thing for us to get some clarity on, because I also had that same assumption where I'm like, oh, maybe some of these they put in the system before it was called Evernorth. And that just was why there's the two. So that is the one thing I want. To get a little visibility on. And then also, I can't quite figure out. I think I've mostly figured out what they're billing in PI is. They're type 21, but they have two that they use. Did you encounter this?
Adam Harrison: No, no, I have. I saw you were, like, looking at it last night. It was on my list for last night. I kind of thought you maybe already. It looked like you had already found what was going on there from. From, like your message to Valcourt last night.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah, it's something where they like. 90% of them use one billing NPI, but 10% use this other one. They're both associated in the NPEZ database. With the Valcore with, you know, waves of silence. So I think it's probably fine to use either, but I kind of want to just confirm with them because maybe it's a good time. They're like, oh, that's the old one. We want to use the new one, and we can just like, align on it. So I'm going to wait on that answer from them. But then I think that's what I'm going to use to make the billing identity. The next question there is. I guess I have to. Do you know we're going to have to make to at least two billing identities, right? Because they have different tax on Emmy numbers. Like the psychologists and the psychiatrists are going to have different taxonomy numbers.
Adam Harrison: I think that just.
Adam Harrison: Do you need a separate billing identity for that, or does that just go on the claim?
Jackson Bierfeldt: I think it just goes on the claim. But, like, the way our system works is the billing identity is what goes on the claim. So I think we are going to have to make at least two billing identities, even if they have the same. Npi. They have different tax on how many numbers. I'm going to have to figure that out. Because right now you can only have one billing identity. For unique combination of npi and tax id. So that's actually something that we're going to have to look into. Because we can't submit or we don't. Yeah, we don't want to submit. Like the psychology claims with psychiatry and taxonomy number, I think that would cause a problem.
Adam Harrison: Yeah. Okay, I agree. I think also, like, billing identity. I'm not sure if that is, like. I'm not sure. Not if that is, like, where that logic should live or not, just conceptually.
Jackson Bierfeldt: The taxonomy that probably should go on the rendering provider's group of things. Right?
Adam Harrison: If I look in steady. Let me just. I don't think it comes up when I set up, like, a billing identity and steady.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Like a provider instead.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, yeah. Let me hold on. Let me share my screen. Sorry. 1Password. Sorry. So let's see if I want to enrollment. New enrollment. This is actually Sorry, providers. So I think. This is a billing identity from my understanding.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Right.
Adam Harrison: So it's just the npi. This could be a group or an individual.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Probably need to move taxonomy off of the billing identity.
Adam Harrison: That's my guess, but follow studies, logic, you know, I know you have kind of your own thing set up, but
Jackson Bierfeldt: that I think we'd like to mostly just follow their. Like, not reinvent it, so. Okay, I need to figure that out because the taxonomy ID has to get on the claim. So, yeah. Okay. That'll be my main follow up here is like, figure, figure that out and then where do I. Which, like, when you've been going in building these billing identities for groups, where are you getting the, like, tax info and, and all of that?
Adam Harrison: Tax id?
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah. I assume I just have a document somewhere in my Valcourt docs that has that on it.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, it should be so. For Valcourt. Specifically, they sent us all this info, like eligibilities, eligibility checks for them. So we have it. I will get that over to you. It should also be on like the actual claims, so we could probably just extract from there.
Jackson Bierfeldt: That's a good point.
Adam Harrison: So that might be the most. Like, that's probably the most. You know the best way to do it, so to speak. Because maybe there's, like, multiple permutations of it that that exists versus what they shared for us for eligibility. Like you said, 90% of one thing, 10% or another. But I can send you, like, what we have for them. If that's helpful. I can dig it up and find it.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Okay? Yeah. I mean, that honestly gets to one of my next questions. And this is something we can, like, do a deeper dive on, but documents for everybody. I do want to just do a big bucket approach now where we just make in our, like, shared Google Drive, just, you know, clinic docs. Until I have the, like, everything ingested into the actual product. I just want to have a thing called Valcort and just take literally everything and put it in there.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, me.
Jackson Bierfeldt: We're. My agent can just, like, sort through it. I think that's probably because right now I'm like, there's some in, like, notion, there's some in my harness. But I think that shared drive is probably just a better place.
Adam Harrison: I can take that as an action to just take everything in notion. Put it in shared drive in, like, a logical structure. I mean, the agent, you know, give me a structure, probably. Do you already have somewhere that we should put this in the drive, or should I just create a new thing?
Jackson Bierfeldt: I don't have one yet, but. Let me see. I think I want to do it. Not in, like, a project.
Adam Harrison: But.
Jackson Bierfeldt: I'm just going to create it right now. So in the shared workspace, I'm just going to make one called. Clinic docs. And then in there, I'm just going to make a folder called Valcourt, and then we'll make one, you know, for sale of and just kind of do that for. For right now.
Adam Harrison: Okay, so I'll just wait until you have.
Jackson Bierfeldt: I just made those. So whenever you have an opportunity, if you can just dump everything in there. Because I actually think I have a lot of the Valcourt docs, like, on my side, but I want to just start keeping them in the, like, shared things so that.
Adam Harrison: Yeah. That'll be better to move that direction.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Okay, great. So I've been talking to Jorge. I'm trying to, like, get. Oh, the other thing I need them to do is, like, deduplicate some of their patients. I mentioned that in the. In the slack. That's just like, to buy a little time, to be honest. It's not like. Strictly necessary, but I do want to have someone just, like, look, look through some of those. And then we should be, you know, totally good on the patient insurance front. They know how to sign. They're. They're using the templates. Everyone's using their own accounts, or at least most people are. So I think. We're. We're good to go. The next question is just like, Are they driving the claim submission? Or are we doing it?
Adam Harrison: What do you mean by driving?
Jackson Bierfeldt: Because I think I remember you saying something like, oh, they want their biller, like, still involved.
Adam Harrison: For valcourt.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah.
Adam Harrison: I think you would know better than me at this point. If what Valcourt wants for Amanda, she's like pretty in the weeds with like she was looking at a claim like this weekend and sent me some questions. So. But Valcore, I get the sense that they're going to be I press sign. No, I confirm that the kind of entries look good. And then? And then I'm done.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Ok, great. So if I'm, like, driving the Valcore account right now, which I think makes the most sense for me to just, like, start. Start totally driving that one as soon as possible. My flow is that I go in, find the signal ones, find the signal ones that are signed. And then I have to make the decision right now. Do I ask them to press, create, claim, or do I just, like, do the claim creation for them?
Adam Harrison: Yeah, yeah. Yeah. I think my recommendation would be ask them to create the claim.
Jackson Bierfeldt: That way we have a very strong, like, I'm done signal.
Adam Harrison: Strong I'm done signal, and that they have validated the CPT codes, the diagnosis codes, the health office, those things.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Well, that's the weird thing about Valcore is they actually, in their current flow, they don't have their clinician. Do that at all.
Adam Harrison: Leave that entirely up to the Biller jot audit. Then do we also need to turn on audit feature flags for them or they. That's not really relevant.
Jackson Bierfeldt: No, I mean, it should be running like we want them to be running. So I'll. I'll. I'll do that. That's a good call. I'll make sure that that is running for all of the Valcourt notes. So that we can see those.
Adam Harrison: Yeah. My recommendation on process would be. Do it. Do an export of the schedule from Advanced MD into your harness.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah. Advance md or collab.
Jackson Bierfeldt: They use collab. Right, collab.
Adam Harrison: I think collab should have the scheduling. Or no, I forget which one. Whichever is the right one is. Get the schedule for the week for their providers and then have your, like, your agent go through and pull out all the signal ones, because that's their source of truth for scheduling. And so then I think at the end of the week or something, Or at the beginning of the week, we could say, like, hey, Jorge, here's the, like, 10 patients that we see in advanced or collab for that are cigna. Like, those are the things I'm going to be looking for as signed jot seg notes. Then we get to the end of the week. Or Monday next week, we can say, hey, it looks like eight of these 10 have submitted. These two clinicians are still outstanding. That would be like, if you want to be the most like, kind of rigorous about it. But you also might just say, hey, look, it's on them. Like, I'm not going to build the expectation that I'm going into your own ehr and like doing this on a weekly basis for you. So it's a little bit of, like, at your discretion. I think of how much you want to put the onus on them. Versus us. Yeah, it might just create an expectation you don't want to maintain, is all.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah, no, that's a. It's a great point. Okay? I'll just think about it and make a. Make a decision.
Adam Harrison: Okay? What do you need from me on Valcort specifically? Do you want me to do ERA enrollments? Do you want me to go through advanced and, like, pull stuff out? Do you want me to just focus on, like, Amanda and the other ones and let you kind of own Valcourt? Like, what is the best? Do you want me to just be kind of, like, available for questions you have from Valcourt, like, what's the best approach?
Jackson Bierfeldt: I think probably just questions. For right now, I think I'm going to try and just, like, carve through it on my own, just so I, like, learn the. The.
Jackson Bierfeldt: The edges at first and then. I'll just ask you for anything. If you do have. You know, like a little guide or something that is easy for you to make. Just like a little one page, like, cheat sheet of, like, hey, here's the things you probably are going to run into as you, like, start to do this.
Adam Harrison: I can do that.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah, I think that would be great. Like, literally a one pager.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Here's the five things that are probably, like, the most annoying that you're going to run into so that I can have a heads up there. But yeah. I think I should. I should just be good from. From here to try to run that with Valcourt. The idea of, like, looking at the schedule is great. I think that's going to be my next step, just so I even know, like, what's coming down the pike. Once I do, the ERA switch over signal will probably happen pretty fast too. It looks like these like major pairs seem to switch pretty quickly.
Adam Harrison: It may or may not. And you may also need to ask. Yeah, like for. I forget. For Amanda, it was super quick. It was that was united, I think. Or that was. Yeah, blue. That was blue cross. For Aetna, that one actually required the provider to log in to their portal and, like, check something. It may or may not ask, like horror. You might need to ask Jorge to, like, do something, but I would expect it could be anywhere from immediate to, like, few business days.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Ok, great. The other thing I'm working on right now is building it on our side so that we can actually take the last six months of claims and eras from their system and, like, build it into our historical knowledge so that we can associate that and then vice versa. So if we get the era and, like, something catastrophe, catastrophic happens. Like, we can export all the RAs and just put them into collab MD, kind of as if they had just pulled it in on their own. So that should reduce the risk factor there a little bit.
Adam Harrison: Okay? That sounds good.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Okay. Anything else on Valcourt?
Adam Harrison: I think that's it. Yeah. I'll send you one pager. And then just let me know as you go through if you run into stuff.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Okay, good. Amanda.
Adam Harrison: So, Amanda, did you have a chance to read the message I put in slack? Because we could probably just kind of go through that as a first step.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah, I read it last night, but I told myself, like, oh, I'm going to, like, really sit down with this tomorrow.
Adam Harrison: Yeah. So she. I mean, she always has a ton of, like, feedback, right? And some of it's important, some of it's not. Let me. Let me just run through and I can voice over the context. So at least we have it in like the grain, too, for future reference. So Amanda was. I'm just going to go down the list here. Like, 12345. On the slack message if you see it. So her first comment she needs, she wants to be able to place like a note to the biller. I think it's just like. I don't know. We. You can make the argument we don't want this, maybe. But sometimes she wants to leave a note about the specific encounter, that she wants our AI or human to, like, know when it's creating the claim. She didn't share exactly the context or, like, what that would exactly be, but I think it is kind of a reasonable. It's a reasonable, like, request in, in my view. That's one. I don't think it's a. I don't think it's a today, tomorrow, even this week thing. I think that could be like, I just have it in the backlog. Two was she wants to be able to create a note or a claim without doing a recording. Again. Seems reasonable. Doesn't seem like a blocker because you can just kind of do a quick thing. A recording. The only thing I'm wondering is. The, like, appointment, date and time stuff that goes into the claim. If you like, do a recording the next day, and it's like two minutes. How do we log that? You know, maybe we need to tie it to an appointment and they have to go to the appointment. And hit record and submit or something like that.
Jackson Bierfeldt: That's the the best thing. I mean, if you do, that's why you can edit the time. So if it is three days later and you like make a two minute thing, you can just explicitly be like, no, this was the state. And then when you create the claim, it'll use that. I do think for now. We do just need to say you have to, like, record a little something. The thing about wanting the nurse to be able to, like, start putting vitals without doing an audio recording that is also enabled right now by just, like, typing it into the additional info. We just have to be like, yeah, make an appointment, go in, like, add in the additional info. And then whoever actually does it, we'll have to record something. But that's just something we're going to have to insist on for now, even if it's a small dictation. Unless the circle.
Adam Harrison: Go ahead, finish your thought.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Well, I was going to say, unless there's a. Unless they're trying to do something weirder, like if they're trying to make, like, really, like, historical claims for notes that are in other systems. Maybe we'll have to, like, solve that at some point. But the thing where it's, like, make a note. Without a recording, we'd have to figure out the whole interface of, like, how do you type in the. No. And then they're like, oh, we want, like, dot phrase templates. And it's just like, wait, you're just, like, making a note without using the scribe thing. We might eventually have to do. That, but that's like a larger design question for. For now that I'm sort of tracking.
Adam Harrison: Okay? That makes sense. Yeah. I think my takeaway is we should just push them to the scheduling. Feature and like, hey, the process here. Or whatever. We. You know, whenever you have something, like a lost no. Or you need to do a recording later and you forgot. Like create an appointment. It can be an old appointment. Do a recording and then, like, submit that, and that'll create a note, and then we'll have the right, like, timestamps and, like, metadata around that to be able to create the claim.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah. Exactly.
Adam Harrison: Okay. I think that that's. I like that solution. Jaw audit. I fixed that last night.
Jackson Bierfeldt: So sorry. The access issue, it meant, like, the sidebar access, right? Like it was saying that you've used all your free ones or whatever.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, because she said it was there and then it disappeared, so I can only imagine that's what happened.
Adam Harrison: Ok, but I don't have, like, an actual confirmation of that.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Okay, great. Yeah, we should just confirm that that is it and that it wasn't something weirder. I think we are going like it's in our interest to give the job bill people access to job audit. So I'm going to try to set it up so that it's less annoying of like, having to put those two feature flags on. But for now, it's like if they're on jot bill, we turn the feature flag on.
Adam Harrison: And it's literally just to make sure I got the right one. It's just the jaw audit feature. Flag is.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Is there another one I missed? No, I think that's it.
Adam Harrison: Okay? And she did specifically mention two days in a row around 4:30 she had some like, recordings. Audio issues. I don't know. If we were like. Yeah. I don't know what was going on from, like, What could be the root cause around that. But that is not Bill thing. That's just like a record.
Jackson Bierfeldt: I'll have the other team take a look into that.
Adam Harrison: Okay? She did also. This is in. This is the video I shared in the thread. She mentioned that, like she actually looked at the claim itself. And.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Oh, and that number was going up. Yeah. I'll look into that. I mean, that seems like. Honestly, I'm. I'm, like, wondering, like, was something on her keyboard.
Adam Harrison: That's kind of what I was thinking.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah, but I'll look into it, but I have no idea what would cause that, other than, like, a mouse scroll or a keyboard. Thing, but I'll. I'll take a look.
Adam Harrison: Okay. Other things here.
Adam Harrison: She wants help with an organization template. That's a tactical thing I can do. I just need to, like, share her final template across the org. So she's used to the old, like, share button, and she didn't see that. So I just need to, like, help her with that. She also went into the claim, did not see the fee schedule in there for Blue Cross, which I think we have in the notion. So I'll put that in to Google Drive. But, yeah, Blue Cross, Blue Shield fee schedule. She just. She's someone who is like. She's kind of the opposite of Alcor. She's like. Looking at the claim, wanting to see how our thing is working.
Jackson Bierfeldt: No, that's good.
Jackson Bierfeldt: I mean, we kind of need that.
Adam Harrison: Yeah. And to the extent she sees, like, weird stuff going on, you know, we just want to make sure that we are, I think, on top of that, for her. Yeah, so is that. That's an easy thing to do, right? Like load the fee schedule in.
Jackson Bierfeldt: I haven't done it yet, but, I mean, I can manually just type like. Yeah. I mean, how many CPT codes is it?
Adam Harrison: I think it's actually kind of long.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Okay, great. Well, I'll find a way to get it out there. But she wants a fee schedule specifically for Blue Cross Blue Shield. Or she just wants the fee schedule to reflect that.
Adam Harrison: Or blue cross. So I think.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Okay?
Jackson Bierfeldt: Because that's something we haven't done. I haven't built the sophistication yet to, like, use a different fee schedule for a different payer.
Adam Harrison: Yeah. This is the fee schedule, so it's not really something we should do manually, I don't think.
Jackson Bierfeldt: So does, does she. Is she someone that changes what she charges for every payer, or does she do what everyone else does and just like, oh, yeah, 99214, that's $300. And then I, like, let the contractual obligation automatically change it.
Adam Harrison: I think she does it specific to payer I can confirm with her though.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Ok, if you could just confirm that workflow note, because that'll help me know how to prioritize this. Because if she does actually submit a different amount for every payer based on the contract, then I'll move that way up in priority. But if she's just like, oh, I don't see it. But in reality she just charges the same amount for everyone and just lets the co line like adjust it. Then I'm not going to prioritize it as much. So depending on how she actually builds, I'll prioritize that.
Adam Harrison: Okay, great. Yeah, I think. And just, I mean, most of these codes, it's probably going to be like 99214, right, whatever. Like. Sorry. 99214. This one. Right. Most of them are going to be a narrower set of codes, but there is, like, this whole spreadsheet of, like, This is 15,000 codes that have some, like, allowance in here that's more than zero. So we probably want like a system longer term around this. That's like config, that's like by payer, by procedure, code, by modifier. By. I don't know what the schedule type is. Maybe. I think this is inpatient versus outpatient.
Jackson Bierfeldt: She. She sent this file.
Adam Harrison: She sent this.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah, okay. This is. Yeah. That's a weird file. Because normally people send the like PDF of their Blue Cross Blue Shield contract. That's just the behavioral health codes. Because that one you just showed me had literally every single CPT code on it. And, like, they'll, you know, she only uses 10 of them.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, she does use a broader. Because she does bravado. She does Botox. She has, like, some weird stuff in there.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Okay, great. Well, I'll. I'll. I'll look into that.
Adam Harrison: Then. But, like, here's another one she shared for Evernorth. You know, this is much shorter,
Jackson Bierfeldt: but this is the more typical one I've seen.
Adam Harrison: It's still. You know, there's still a good number of things on here.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Ok, great. Well. I'll take a look at that. On the quicker side of things than probably.
Adam Harrison: Okay, cool. Yeah, I would. I think that's more of a near term one, but I'll confirm with her how she wants it set up. Like, hey, do you want us to charge exactly what's listed for each payer? Do you want a 10% buffer? Do you just want, like, take the highest number? Across all the payers and we apply that like, you know. I'll just confirm what her preferences are. Before you actually, like, do anything concrete here.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Okay, awesome. Okay.
Adam Harrison: The other thing on Amanda, she, you know, went through the weekend and was, like, submitting, creating claims for things. So I think.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Submitting or creating.
Adam Harrison: Creating, not submitting. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. So I just need to, like, review all that, make sure it looks good, like work with or shell if and as needed. Probably like confirm with Amanda things look good before I send things out just because I think she is very in the weeds and wants so. I think. They'll be like. I'm thinking there's, like, a calibration session we do this week on that. And then going forward, it's, like, pretty low touch.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Okay? Yeah. That. That works great. Could you make sure I can join that calibration session so that I can start? Understanding you know her specific situation here.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, she's. She's. Yeah, she's an interesting one. I'll loop you in.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Amanda's a tough one, but she's honestly great.
Adam Harrison: Like, she's.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah. Sorry. The hardest thing is just getting off the phone.
Adam Harrison: The hard thing is getting off the phone and she. She, like, I think for. Her much more than Valcourt. She knows that we're kind of like, she's a true, like, design partner, you know, Whereas her sort of implicitly is. She's like, hey, I know it's going to be bumpy. We're going to figure it out. I'm okay with navigating some of the weird stuff.
Jackson Bierfeldt: She gets her dream billing software out of it.
Adam Harrison: Yeah. So she is, like, totally on board with and has the. She has the right expectations that where she knows it's not going to be perfect. And so I. Think we have some room to, like, you know, make some mistakes. And as long as we are, like, pretty diligent in following up with things with her and fixing things and building out the gaps that we have, like, she's going to be great.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah. That's honestly ideal. That's, like, the best case.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, she's perfect. She's awesome. So there's. Great. That's all I have for Amanda. There's some others here, like, just to keep them moving. Like, Tracy, we submitted ERA for. And there's some other things that she wants. Like, she wants. She wants a new intake form that's, like, really important for her to make the switch. So I've built one of them. I need to build a different one, but I actually have to, like, manually load into her account somehow. So I know we don't like have that built in, but maybe if I could send you like the form ID and the user id, you can do one time thing that's like, the only thing I think I like on the other is that an ask from you at this point to, like, keep these other ones moving. Okay, great.
Jackson Bierfeldt: That sounds good. And then we can check in a little later this week on, like, the other. The other smaller ones. Because I also want to just know, like, because I think we need to probably start building some little admin dashboards, Something that just even says, like, oh, you know, Tracy needs three things done, like, go log into her account. And do it, but just something that's in one place to be, like, who needs attention? We're probably getting very close to needing that. So I want to start thinking through that, but. Okay, great. But for the main two, Valcourt and Amanda, it sounds like we have our action items here.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, I think so. I think so. Yeah, I think we're good on those.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Okay, great. Well, I haven't finished my all hands slide, so I go finish that right now. But thank you. And, yeah, let me know if there's anything else that. That comes up in the meantime.
Adam Harrison: All right. Sweet. Thanks, jackson.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Thanks.
Adam Harrison: Bye.