janete Cardenas: Yeah.
Adam Harrison: All right, who do we have who just joined?
Jair Chaustre: Jer, Nice to meet you.
Adam Harrison: Nice to meet you both.
Jair Chaustre: Thank you.
Adam Harrison: Awesome. Well, yeah, maybe do we have anyone else who's gonna join as well, Janet? Or do we have the full group at this point?
janete Cardenas: No, just the two of them.
Adam Harrison: Okay, awesome. And I. I'm sorry, I didn't catch your names. Do you mind one more time?
Jair Chaustre: Julie. My name is Jer.
Adam Harrison: Jer and Julie. Okay, that's. That's great. And in terms of, in terms of like your role at Valcor, are you kind of like work. You. You man the front desk, essentially? Is that. Is that correct?
Jair Chaustre: Yes.
Adam Harrison: Okay, perfect. Awesome. So, yeah, just for. I'm not sure if Janet probably already shared the context, but from. From our side, kind of just a quick intro to me. My name's Adam. I also have Jackson here on the line who's going to just be listening in. But you know, we are with job site and we're essentially providing a lot of the kind of like billing and payments that will be used going forward. And so the purpose of today was to just give you a really quick tutorial on how jobs like, would work for billing patients directly for like a copay, or for any other like patient related charges you might need to do. So today we'll just kind of go through a very quick demo of how that works. I'll share my screen, walk you through how that works. Works, and then, and then I'll also send some like, video kind of references that you can look at if you have questions on an ongoing basis before we dive in. Are you, either of you on job site yet? Do you have accounts set up or. Janet, do we have like a front desk kind of account already set up for job site? Do you know?
janete Cardenas: No, no, not that I know. Signal.
Adam Harrison: Okay. So we will need to kind of tackle that as well. So Janet, maybe you and I can kind of coordinate on what the best email would be for that. More front desk gots like user. Okay. Okay, so I'll. Jan, if it's okay with you, I'll just like message you in slack afterwards and we can get that set up. Okay. So I'll kind of just keep in mind that this will be also maybe like sounds like for the two of you, it's your first time seeing job site as well, or have you like used something like that before? First time?
Jair Chaustre: Oh, no, I have. I've been going around with job site knowing from this particular bot, I've been taking a look.
Adam Harrison: Okay. Okay, great. Well, I'll kind of start with the basics but then, you know, feel free to just interrupt me if it's already like obvious to you. And yeah, we can kind of like just jump around as needed. So let me share my screen here. So this is when you log into job site, your screen might look. It's probably going to look a little different because you're not like in a clinician role. So this will be like slightly different for you, but the kind of basic principles are the same. And so I just want to show you very quickly how it works for billing patients in jots. And so what I'll do is I'll just take like an example of maybe a new patient that you're seeing for the first time and walk you through like the end to end of how you would actually set that up. So basically what you would do is you could come into this patients tab at the top here. This is me, I just created this this morning. But you know, you could do a new patient, you would enter their name. So I'm just going to actually do another version of myself. You will need to put in their phone number because that is what we will use to actually do the payments. Let's do this one. But everything else is kind of optional. So what I would recommend at least doing like first name, last name, you know, date of birth, phone and email. Then you can create the patient. So this is the one I just created. And once you come into here, you'll see kind of a lot of information about the patient. Some of this is more clinical. There would be any notes with the patient, the sort of diagnosis, medications. So some of this is more for the clinician as opposed to what you would see in your view. But what you can do if you want to actually request a payment from this patient is on this tab here on the bottom. It's kind of small. I don't know if you can see where it says payment. You would click on that and then you could enter the amount. So I'm just going to do $1 and you would just click send request.
Adam Harrison: And that will, that will actually like send a request to that patient where they can make the payment. Sorry, can you hear me?
Jorge Valcourt: Yes. Let me ask you something. Quick question. Can we run a report of all the payments made that day?
Jorge Valcourt: Yes, we can. So at the end of the day we can run a report and get all payments and all patients and the amounts and all that?
Adam Harrison: Yep, I will, I will show that to you. I will show that to you kind of a little bit later on if that's okay.
Jorge Valcourt: That's fine. Okay, thank you.
Adam Harrison: Yep. And then you also, you can fill out any of the other like information here on the patient on the side. You know, if you were like, you could fill out their insurance information as well. And the important thing is you can actually also, if you go over to this payments tab and maybe you're seeing this patient, right. It's an intake, this is their first visit. You can add a payment method to keep on file. So that way you can just charge the card directly. So you could click, you know, plus add payment method.
Adam Harrison: You know, I won't, you know, enter the, my credit card here right now, but I have another account, I can show you that. But you would just kind of like enter their credit card information. You would save the payment method. And I'll actually flip back now to this person because I already have that saved. And then it would show that this payment method is like saved for this person. So I would definitely recommend, you know, as you probably already do, just like get a credit card, keep it on file. That way you can just bill that card directly instead of like sending an invoice that may or may not be paid. So then what happens here is once you have a payment method on file for this payment for this patient, you could just click instead of payment, it'll say charge here at the bottom. And then you can pick like which card you want to use. You know, obviously you can pick the amount and you could then just click charge and that will charge the patient directly. You can also enter like a note of like if it's a co payment or for maybe a no show fee. I don't know that you do that too often though. And then here, if you go into this payments tab, you can also see like a log of all the past payments that have been sent and what's, what's the status of it? So these have been paid, right? These are still open. And then this is kind of everything. So Jorge, to your question about reporting, this is like one way to look at that. If you want to just look for a particular patient. And see more of a list view. That's certainly an option. And then the last piece I'll go over here is if you go to your practice, patient payments, you can see here this will be a list across all the different patients. So this would include myself and then any other customers that you have. And right now I don't think it's turned on in this particular account to be able to do reporting quite yet. But that is, that is something you'd be able to do as well. So you could look at what's paid, what's outstanding and like what is, you know, group by customer, group by date, you know, etc. Etc. So those are, those are the basics. I do want to go over kind of how it, how it works in a little more detail. So once you have a card on file, obviously it'll, it'll just charge the card. But, but if you don't have a card on file, they will get a text message and then they will be able to click into a link in that text message and pay the, the payment like via their phone. So it all happens via phone. The it also we do support both English and Spanish for like the text message that they get. So if you have like Spanish speaking patients, which I believe you do have. Right. That can be configured as well. But I know that was a lot of information. I just ran through it all end to end without really giving you a chance to ask questions. So let me just pause there. Any initial questions just on that sort of general workflow, how it works, or any questions, concerns before we keep going? I think you may be muted. Jer.
Jair Chaustre: Oh, sorry. Yes. I have a question on regards of the message, does it take it? Well, I don't know if it takes long for them to get the message and introduce the information because that means that we probably need to send that message around. I would say we usually call patients around 10 minutes before their appointments to collect their copays. So in this case we're talking about maybe at least 20 minutes before to collect that message to be sent. You know, sometimes there's. They are in places, maybe in their office, they don't have enough connection or enough signal to receive the message. That's one of the reasons that we prefer to call them to collect the information. So do you know. If it takes long to them to go through the process to put the car information on, you know, like clicking on the link, putting the information there. Do you know if maybe that helps? Like when you have. You can Apple pay it. How can we track that as well?
Jair Chaustre: Yeah, I don't know if you have any of that information.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, it's a great question. So it's fairly streamlined in terms of how long it takes. So it's pretty simple. They. Jackson, I'm not sure if we have Apple Pay enabled for this, but I know it's like a very quick
Jackson Bierfeldt: however they want on their phone. So it's, it's very fast. I mean they'll. When you push the button, they'll get the text message just two to five seconds later. Usually you're right. If they're in a building where they don't have any WI fi or anything, maybe there could be a problem there. But you know, in normal circumstances they'll get the message very quickly and then they tap one link in the text message, a screen comes up and it is super simple for them to put their information in. It's just like buying anything online. Most phones these days have their credit cards saved anyway. So I think most people should be able to receive the message and make the payment in under one minute. And then if they do come in and you haven't been able to collect that information anymore or you know, ahead of time, it's very simple for you to just ask them for a physical card and then you can type the numbers in on your computer and then press charge right there.
Jackson Bierfeldt: So there's a couple different ways to be able to do that. We are still looking into a physical card reader. I know you talked about that. It will be nice to have something where they can just like tap to pay in the office or swipe their card while we're still getting that set up. What you can do is you'll just be able to type the number in. So we know that that's not ideal, but it will definitely work if you can get the card in your hand. And then we'll try to make that even a little easier in the next couple weeks once we figure out how it works with the physical card reader.
Jorge Valcourt: Okay, Jackson, few things there. Typically credit card processing charges are more when you type in the credit card information. So something to think about and to look into. That's the first thing. Second thing, if we were going to store credit card information in the system, does your system have the encryption and protection to save all those numbers Yep.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Great question. So there's no difference in fee if you type the number in or if the patient puts it in? In our system, it's the same fee both ways. And then, yes, we do store the information, but we store it with stripe. So it uses all of their encryption. We don't hold onto the credit card number. It's not actually in our database anywhere. So it's totally safe. It's the same as any other system online that holds onto a credit card.
Jorge Valcourt: Okay.
Jair Chaustre: Okay. So I have another question. In this case, when they make the payment, either for the text message link or if we started here in the job site, they receive any type of receipt. They get the receipt via text message, via email. Because we have some patients that like to have their receipt and whenever they pay a copy or forever media no show or they like to have their receipt. So they receive anything like this through this job site. Maybe a text message confirming the purchase. I will set.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yes, they should receive a text message. I think they can configure it if they want an email as well. And then, Adam, can you share the screen and show them the download invoice button so that they can see how that works? Because you are able to download an invoice and print it out in the office if they want to walk out of the room with a piece of paper as well. Adam, can you just show that.
Jair Chaustre: Yes, we have some people that like to have it print. So that will be my next question. Thank you.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, so I will show maybe first just to your question on the text messages. So I'm actually just. This is. I'm going to unblur my background for a second and just show you like kind of what it looks like. So you would get something like this of like job site, just, you know, charge your card for $1. When I click on this link, it basically pulls up like a receipt that I can print out or click into. So I could download this receipt. So that's a little hard to see, but that's what the patient would see on their side in terms of. Let me actually go to your question, Jackson, about how to actually see that within. Within jobsafe. Hold on, I need to reshare. Sorry.
Jackson Bierfeldt: And I think Adam mentioned this, but just so we're clear, those text messages will also be sent in Spanish if you mark that as a Spanish speaking patient.
Adam Harrison: Yeah.
Adam Harrison: Thank you, Jackson. So when I go to Adam Harrison, which is this patient, right. I go into this payments tab. This is the history of all the different payments. If I click. You could either. I think you could click either of these. This will just. You could directly download. If you click the download button, that will download like a copy of the invoice. So you can see that here.
Adam Harrison: And then you can just like print this out. But, you know, I think the key thing to call out here. Is from here, you know, you can either click on the download button on the right or you can click this arrow here, which will open this tab. And then from here you can either download the invoice, download the receipt, and you know, send it to the patient, print it for the patient, whatever you would want to do.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah, but the, the top line is there's a hundred different ways to track this. So if the patient wants to see it or you need to find it, there is some way to always find those receipts, even going all the way back for, for months and months and months.
Jair Chaustre: Okay, good. Thank you all.
Adam Harrison: Really great questions though. But other, other questions that you have. So far.
Jair Chaustre: We have another question. Sorry. When you were showing up the, like the payments on the patient, we noticed that there's some status like open and there was another that was paid. So for us like you know, at the end of the day to make a closing on our front desk to make sure that everything was well with the numbers, that affects something on the report. If it's open, we need to wait a certain time for that to be. Show us paid or we have that doubt on those status.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, great, Great question. So, so let me, let me share my screen again and walk through how to read each of the different statuses. Excuse me. So when you go for an individual patient, I'm actually going to get out of this one patient because I think at the end of the day you probably are going to be looking at all patients. So you would go to your practice patient payments and then this will show you, you know, kind of a log of everyone. You know, you can see the date here as well. Like this is all today, this one's yesterday. And yeah, you'll see either open or paid as the status. Now if you are collecting credit cards in jot psych and then just charging the credit cards, they will just be paid immediately. Like you'll never see open here. The only time you would ever see. Something as open is if you sent a payment request to the patient and you don't have their credit card on file. So you are basically relying on them. You know, like clicking on your text message, opening the link and then doing that process Jackson described that takes about one minute to enter all the info. That is, that is the only time you would see something open here. In which case, you know, you would, you would probably just need to kind of like follow up with that, with that patient. But I think if you are, what I would suggest is, and probably what you're doing right, is just collecting the credit card and then you can just like bill the credit card and then those should show as paid.
Jair Chaustre: Okay, perfect.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah. And one other note on this is that when you text the patient to ask them to pay, there's a checkbox that the patient can select that says save my information. So if they press that button, it'll automatically save the credit card into jot psych. So that next time you see that patient, it'll automatically charge that card. So for most people, they should really only need to, you know, input their information that first time and then it saves. And then every time you see them after that, the copay will happen automatically.
Jackson Bierfeldt: They don't need to, you know, approve it or put in extra information. So it should make it very easy for you to collect payments from people after they input the information the first time.
Jair Chaustre: Okay. And I have another question. Maybe Alan will show it, but I just want to make sure in the case because we have some certain kind of patients that are not pretty good with technology, maybe they know how to access to this link and as well they have some trust issues to be. So in this case, can we make a one time payment on this on job site without saving the car information or we need to save the car information?
Adam Harrison: That is a good question. I think typically you would save the information, but you certainly could. Like for example, if I go here, you could add a payment method, right? So you would, you would just add the card and then you could bill the, you know, bill that patient. And then if I come over here, Right. So you could add this Visa, you could bill it for the one time invoice, and then you could simply like delete and remove it afterwards. So you're not like keeping that information saved anywhere. That's, that's kind of like what I would recommend at this point. Jackson, would you suggest something else, though?
Jackson Bierfeldt: No, that's. That's correct.
Jorge Valcourt: Okay. Yeah. Jaybar, do you have patients that specifically ask you not to save the credit card information?
Jair Chaustre: Yes, we're having. Because maybe they're using one time card only or they're using the spouse card. So they don't want to save information.
Jorge Valcourt: Okay. Yeah. Otherwise we should save the credit card information. I mean, and they next time we have to charge them for something, we ask, hey, we have a credit card ending in 000.
Jorge Valcourt: This is the one you want to use. And they, they can decide there if they want to change the credit card or not. But if we can save it knowing that it's encrypted and they have the right protocols in place, I think we should be able. We should save it. It's going to save us time.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah, that's the default. And Jorge, I think you weren't on the call, but I also explained that when you text the patient to have them put their credit card in, it asks the patient at that time, hey, do you want to save this so you never have to put it in again and then you can just charge it in the future. So the default is to save the card, but there is a way to delete it. So, Jair, if they say, hey, I don't want you saving this, you can just press that delete button after you make the charge.
Jair Chaustre: Okay.
Jorge Valcourt: Okay, thank you, Jackson.
Adam Harrison: The other thing I wanted to show quickly is, well, for some of your patients, right, do you think they would prefer to get the text and everything in Spanish instead of English? Okay, let me. I don't think I showed you that part yet, so let me just make sure I show you where that is because it's a little bit hidden here. But basically once you go into a patient, so click on the patients tab, go to, you know, Adam or whoever the patient is. You're going to click this edit information on the top, right? And then for contact, which is this, there's like these different cards, so demographics. The second one is contact information. You can just prefer set the preferred language to Spanish and then everything from there will go. Will go in Spanish. So the default right now is English. So you won't need to pick that if it's English. But for any patients that you want it to be Spanish, you could just toggle that over here. And then if I close out, it'll. It'll save that.
Jackson Bierfeldt: And that's for asking for the credit card, sending them their receipt, telling them that they have been automatically charged. They'll get all of that to their phone in Spanish.
Jair Chaustre: Thank you.
Adam Harrison: Any last questions? Otherwise, I think we can talk about what the next steps would be from here to kind of get this up and running.
Jorge Valcourt: Okay. Adam and Jackson, I think that's something that obviously you can go through all the steps they need to. To follow to create the profiles and credit cards and all that, but when it comes to starting to use it, there are other things that we need to look at before we start using the. This tool. I think we can meet offline without front desk keeping front desk here, and go over the things we need so we. So it makes sense for us to start using the credit card processor.
Adam Harrison: Got it. So, Jorge, you think next steps, like you, me, Janet, kind of huddle on the setup here?
Jorge Valcourt: Yes, I think so. I mean, I don't think front desk needs to stay to know how to set it up. As long as they know how to enter payments, how to create profiles for the. For the patients, how to store the credit card data, I think that's all they need to know. Unless there is something that they need to do every day. If. If that's the case, then of course, have them stay. Otherwise, I think they can go back to. To their tasks.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yep. I. I think we're good here. The last thing is, Adam, can you just show the learning videos button where we're going to be putting these videos soon, just so if anyone forgets or you have someone else that joins?
Adam Harrison: Yeah, it's in the top corner here.
Jackson Bierfeldt: So if you want to review anything, there will be a video there soon that explains how to actually put the information on the patient, change their language, you know, send the payment. All that will be in there if you need to look at it again.
Jair Chaustre: Okay, perfect. Thank you.
Adam Harrison: Thank you.
Jorge Valcourt: Okay. Jackson, Adam, Janet, please stay. It's going to be short. Okay. Jackson, are you there?
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yep.
Jorge Valcourt: Okay. Okay. So right now we have another platform that we use to. Let me turn this on. Right now we use another platform to. To build. Right. To submit the claims through which we need to create a profile for each patient there, and we need to add the appointments and all that.
Jorge Valcourt: Right now for me to ask front desk to create a third profile sometimes to charge patients. I don't think it's. It makes sense right now if we're not going to use your platform to put claims through. Because it means that we will have payments on one side and we will have payments from patients on one side and payments from insurances on another side on a different platform. So for us to reconcile payments at the end, it's going to be more steps, more work for us. So I think that we should leave this for the moment when we have all the claims going through your system and then we start asking patients to pay through your system. Okay. Right now I'm using your Psych to get a document signed from. From patients. But we are not using them for. Other than creating nodes, they are not doing anything else with that profile. Okay. So I'm just trying to minimize the work they need to go through until we really have your platform ready to roll. We use it for billing, then we leave being Advanced as our EHR or Collab as our billing platform. Does that make sense?
Jackson Bierfeldt: So the, the three systems are Advanced MD as the ehr, Collab MD as the practice management tool. And that's where you're currently doing all of the billing?
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yes, that's your rcm.
Jorge Valcourt: And appointments.
Jackson Bierfeldt: And appointments. Okay.
Jorge Valcourt: Yeah.
Jackson Bierfeldt: And yeah. You're saying if there's a new patient, you don't want them to go make the profile in Advanced md. Make the profile and Collab MD and. And then make the profile in JOT Psych.
Jorge Valcourt: Yeah, I think right now, Jackson, I think that's overkill right now.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah, no, I totally understand. We. You did see that we were able to pull in all of the information from Collab MD into JOT Psych. So all the patients between those two are already synced. But I agree that there would still be a little bit of friction for every new patient right now.
Jorge Valcourt: Yeah. And Jackson, believe me, I mean, I'm pushing to get this implemented.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Oh yeah.
janete Cardenas: Right now.
Jorge Valcourt: Without having. If you tell me tomorrow, I'm going to have both the rendering provider and the billing provider sign a note in jotsy. Hey, we might be able to leave Advanced right away. Yeah, I mean we are not there yet. Same with billing. You tell me, Jorge. By next week we're going to be able to put claims through. So then we leave Collab, but we are not there yet on any of those platforms.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yes. Okay, that makes sense. So the hold up on the Advanced MD is really just the supervising. In, you know, junior provider. Like the. The rendering and the building provider.
Jorge Valcourt: Very much. Jackson, I don't see anything else that is stopping us from moving away from Advanced.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Okay.
Jorge Valcourt: Ehr. I mean, it's just at the end is that it's a database. A glorified database.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Right.
Jorge Valcourt: So as long as you can have those two signatures and. And we have. We can have all the documents in one place. You already have Jolt rx, so that's another feature we get through Advanced. You have that too. So I don't see an issue to move away from Advanced once you have those two things in place.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Okay, great. Yes, that makes sense there. And on Collab md, the main issue there is that's where all of your remittances go. Right? The eras from the insurance companies.
Jorge Valcourt: And payments.
Jackson Bierfeldt: And payments. Right. Okay, great. Well, as you know, I mean, we're working as fast as we can to set both of those up. So I will work. I will talk to Nate and figure out exactly what we want to do. But I agree that it sounds like you might not want people making three different patient profiles. We want to.
Jorge Valcourt: Not right now, Jackson. I mean, it's. It's a lot of work. I mean, and I put in them. I. Exposing them to make mistakes. Having to create three different profiles.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Right.
Jorge Valcourt: They're gonna make a mistake somewhere.
Jackson Bierfeldt: No, I. I totally understand. I feel this. Anytime I'm asking someone to do something more than once, it's.
Jorge Valcourt: Yeah.
Jackson Bierfeldt: It opens up all the risk. One question on that is if we were to start, because we have access to your Collab MD and we have access to all of the data that's coming in from this patient payment. If we were the ones that were like, combining the two reports together in issuing that to you, would that solve some of this?
Jorge Valcourt: You're talking about reports like the payments we get from the insurances. You get the information.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah.
Jorge Valcourt: And you move it to jodpsych so we can get a payment from the patient and then have them both on the same platform.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah. Is that the major hang up or is it the creating three accounts? I know both are not ideal, but I'm just trying to figure out which one we could, you know, start with.
Jorge Valcourt: Well, I guess that's. That's an issue that you will be solving if you have both payments in the same place.
Jorge Valcourt: Yeah, we are not. We're going to have it also in Collab. So when we run reports and we need to get data from. From the insurances, what they. Paid. They didn't pay. They didn't pay. We can get it still from Collab. We will have it just in two places.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah, because you know how it works with the eras where they're. They will only send it to one place, you know, okay. They won't send it to Jot Psych and Collab. They will only send it to one place. You're allowed to submit claims from as many places as you want. So you could be. You could start submitting claims from JOT Psych, you know, as early as next week. But getting them to send the payments and the remittances to JOT Psych, that just takes, you know, a lot of extra paperwork. Like that's the final step in our view. So we'd like to try and get everything else in place before we do that. Final step of making it so that they transfer that. Because once you do that, you can't go back to Collab md.
Jorge Valcourt: Okay, let me, let me go over the process. Adam. I'm sorry, Jackson.
Jorge Valcourt: Yeah, maybe we can go. We can find where the issue will be right now. They create the appointment on Collab, right? They create the appointment. After the appointment is created, the builder goes back to Advanced, checks the documentation is there, comes back to Collab and submit the claim. Right. The claims go to the insurance, and the insurance pays and sends the ERA over to, to Collab, Right. The appointment will stay in, in Collab. We won't be able to get that appointment over to Jotsy. So when it comes time to reconcile that appointment with the payment, are we going to have that?
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah, that is what we're, what we're working on right now is figuring out how to reconcile that in the world where it's not going to Jot Psych yet. Even once you switch over to Jot Psych, we have to find a way to pull in all of historical information because you don't want to just start over, you know, you want to have all of your, all of your records from before.
Jackson Bierfeldt: So that's, that's the last step that we're working on. So I think what I'm hearing is what makes the most sense is to fast track getting you off of Advanced MD as soon as possible.
Jorge Valcourt: Yeah, yeah. If you can, if you can eliminate one of the two platforms, obviously keeping the same services, the E prescription and data storage. If you can have that going at Jo, I don't see a need. Obviously, the signatures have to be there too.
Jorge Valcourt: I don't see the need to stay with Advanced. Am I missing something and something that I'm not seeing that maybe you see.
janete Cardenas: No, no, no.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah. And we. We went through the templates today with the psychiatric providers, and, you know, it seems like that's also. They're starting to be comfortable with those.
janete Cardenas: Yeah.
Jorge Valcourt: Okay, so let's. Let's tackle Advanced MD first.
Jorge Valcourt: I think that makes sense.
Jackson Bierfeldt: We can get rid of that and then we can make it so your providers only have to sign in Jot Psych and then your builders can submit the claims from Jot Psych. It's okay if for a little while at the end you still have Collab MD just to receive the payments, you know, but your providers don't have to log into anything else. They wouldn't even need to use Collab md. They would just use Jot Psych and Collab just receive the payments.
janete Cardenas: And they're going to be able to send medication through job site as well.
Jackson Bierfeldt: That's correct. Yes.
Jorge Valcourt: Yeah. Yeah.
janete Cardenas: Perfect. Perfect.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Okay, great.
Jorge Valcourt: Jackson, it's fine. I gave. I wrote to Jan to Nate today about the reports we get from Colab that right now we rely on a lot.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Right, Right. And that's why that's the scariest thing for us to, you know, change over. Because once, you know, we move that, you can't go back. So that's why we want to just be extra careful with md. And I think it makes sense to make that second.
Jorge Valcourt: Okay. Okay. So that's fine. So I guess that for now, Chrome Desk knows how to charge patients. I mean, I. It isn't difficult, just a matter of being cautious with the. With the data they get from the patient.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yep.
Jorge Valcourt: When we are ready, then we might have to give them a refresher on how to do it. Maybe five minutes. And then we start using Jotsack for payments too.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah. Okay. That sounds good. And I'm going to go and figure out our plan to get you off of Advanced MD as soon. Soon as possible.
Jorge Valcourt: Okay, Sounds good. Jackson. Anything, Anything, let me know. You just send us lunch and we. We'll be happy.
janete Cardenas: Amazing.
Jackson Bierfeldt: All right. That sounds great.
Jorge Valcourt: Okay, guys, thank you again. Thank you both.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Thank you.
janete Cardenas: Bye.
Jorge Valcourt: Bye.
janete Cardenas: Bye. Bye, Janet.