Adam Harrison: All right, so this is a walkthrough of how the steady based eligibility checks are working right now. So I'm just going to share my screen. Okay, so. First for some context on what the output has been looking like, we may not end up sticking with this long term, but this is the current state of affairs. There's a status that gets assigned. I'll walk through what these mean in a moment. A binary kind of yes, no is coverage active, inactive. Poor insurance is mental health, specifically coverage active. And then some commentary, details that really explain this kind of status bar. And the idea here behind the status bars is yes, you want a active, inactive kind of signal in terms of eligibility. But I think there are some shades of gray with regards to downstream billing risk. So for example, you know, coverage can be active, but maybe there is a prior auth required or maybe there's a visit limit for the year or maybe, you know, telehealth isn't covered and the person has to be in person to get benefits. Maybe it's a very, very high deductible plan. And so we expect the patient to be paying pretty much for everything. So that's where this like yellow flag was intended to come in. So I'll walk through, let me walk through that criteria quickly. Right, green. Right now I'm thinking about as, you know, very clear cut, you know, no concerns with this patient. Something where it's like this, there's no deductible, there's a $20 copay, there's no visit limit, no referral needed. This is like, you know, kind of the best case scenario. Then there's this yellow where I think there's, there is some like further concern or validation needed. I think those things are, one, there is a prior auth requirement. Two, there's a referral requirement. Three, it's a high deductible plan where the patient is going to be paying out of pocket and maybe they haven't met their deductible. We should also be able to get that from the. From the study check in some cases and there may be a visit limit, there may be telehealth concerns, basically any kind of like there's some nuance here we should be aware of. And then red is, you know, either this person is not covered or the plan is inactive or, or like there is some like clear thing where we need to like stop and do something before we see this patient. I know there's a little bit of like this is slightly contradictory right now in terms of prior auth referral explicitly required or not. Like if that's a yellow or a red, I think, you know, probably I think that's going to be a yellow category. So that's how I'm thinking about the criteria in terms of what the results have looked like. There is, yeah, a lot of yellow I don't think is ideal. But you know, we, I think can calibrate this like kind of criteria system over time. And I'm also going to, you know, check with Michelle if this is like our billing expert to see if this is how she would do it. Or maybe there's, maybe there's, maybe this just is fundamentally wrong. But as of right now this has been like a, you know, a pretty solid solution. So something else to note here. Part of the reason why I went to this red, yellow, green is because a lot of times a check via steady won't have all the information that we need. So for example, it will not indicate whether there's a referral needed or prior auth needed. Very rarely will it do that. It might not tell you like how much of the deductible is used versus not used depending on which insurance company it is. It also might, you know, it's, it's in no cases does it tell you the visit limit. So a lot of this is in the eraser doc. But that's why I went to this system where basically if something wasn't specified in the steady output, you know, we, we can't really rely on there being no referral required if it's not like explicitly called out. So the absence of them saying that doesn't mean there is an absence of a requirement. It just means they haven't specified and you might need to call. So that's, that's the eligibility criteria now to come. I basically what I do is like I put this kind of the criteria, this sort of prompt into chat GPT. And then what I do is for these various like results that I get back, I basically like take some of the key information, which is usually this plan name, drop it in, I go to the benefits, I take like the kind of overarching, some of the key like overarching data. You know, I just kind of skip a lot of the stuff that's not relevant. So usually I'll just drop down to mental health, drop this in as well and then ask for it to give me a result for that and kind of like move to the next patient while that's going. So, you know, okay, this is green. Yeah, so that's what it's telling me is green right now. Let's do another one. Okay, this is like the overarching info about the plan and then go to mental health, drop that in and it will tell me something. Yellow. Okay. So this here, it's making an inference about this plan based on what it knows about the insurance company. So I don't think that is actually explicitly in this result. Now there's nothing that actually says it here, but it's kind of making that inference. So I think that's why it would be good to have actual documents that we can reference like on these TRICARE plans, or just a general like rule bank that we can kind of draw from as we start to like build pattern recognition around these different things. Maybe some of this is things that we could get from like an interview with Michelle on kind of like common things to look for or like, hey, let's do a 30 minute interview on Cigna. Okay, what do we need to know about cigna? What are all the different plans? Like, what are the things we should look out for? And that can be something that we like train the. Yeah, this sort of like in. There's basically like an interpretation step where we're going to like have to look at this plan and figure out what their eligibility status is and then decide if we need to do a call. And so you know, the current, this is the current system. I think it, you know, as you can tell, there's, like, not that much information here. So it's a little bit rocky right now in terms of, you know, how confident I feel that we're getting really the right results here. So let me just do one more. You know, here. There's some, like, specific messages. Oh, the other thing it doesn't tell us in steady is if that specific provider is in network or out of network. And so even if, like, for example, depending on, like, you may be in network with Blue Cross Blue Blue Shield, but depending on the specific plan for Blue Cross Blue Shield, you as a provider may be in or out of network with that patient. So it's not enough to just know, oh, you know, Beverly is in network with these five insurance companies. It seems like it actually might vary depending on the plan based on a few of the checks that I did for this last batch. So, yeah, I'll. I'll put this in there. Mental health. Okay. You know, not that much information here. We'll see what this says. I'm going to do one for Cigna because CIGNA seems to actually have pretty good data, see if I can find one. I don't know why there's no signal here. There we go. Okay. Definitely did sign the searches more recently than this, but let's just see this one. Oh, interesting. Okay, this one is very brief, but, yeah, maybe I'm filtering on something. Anyway, I think you get the idea. That's. That's the grain, so hopefully. Hope it helps.