jeremykanter: Hey, how's it going?
Becca Bressler: Good. How are you doing?
jeremykanter: Pretty good.
Becca Bressler: Happy Monday.
jeremykanter: Thanks. You too.
Becca Bressler: Do you have a nice weekend?
jeremykanter: Yeah. It's pretty chill.
Becca Bressler: Let me ping alfred. I flipped through your deck and you obviously pointed to so many of the issues that exist in our app, so it was just, yeah, like, helpful to see you lay out what you were noticing, et cetera. One of the things I do just want to make sure is I answer any questions you have before proceeding specifically about the app, because some of the. I feel like I read that as I was going, and I, like, wanted to be like, oh, this is what this means, et cetera. So just to make sure you have all the correct context, but we can kind of do that later offline. Hey, Alfred.
alfred: Hey. Jeremy.
jeremykanter: How are you? How's it going?
jeremykanter: Doing all right.
Becca Bressler: Yeah. So let's just. Jeremy, if you want to pull up the deck, we can go through it and then talk about next steps, et cetera.
jeremykanter: Yeah, one second.
Becca Bressler: And Alfred, do you mind just muting?
jeremykanter: Okay? One. I try to make this window. A useful size. Okay? Yeah. So there's a few different parts of what I put together versus just UX evaluation, just going through the main kind of sign up configuration flows for John Rx audit. Notes. And then I did, like, briefly look at the chrome extension, just because I was curious and I'd seen it mention a few places. There's a lot. I'm, like, scrolling through these slides, right? So there's a lot that. This section of the presentation is just like, these are my notes of what I'M seeing when I'm going through the app, and a lot of this is not relevant to this project, I don't think at all. I don't really want to go through all of this section. I think there's a few things that I highlighted that I have questions about. But you can feel free to look at that on your own time. Drop comments, whatever. So then the next section is framing. So this is kind of like my rephrasing of the notion, doc, that Becca gave me. And just my writing it down helps you understand the problem. Kind of stage of it where I'm just, like. I am just trying to reiterate and make sure that I'm. On the right track. So that we all know we all be sure that way going forward. And then the last section is sort of example patterns. So these are just things that pop to mind while I was looking through the app of things that I've seen. Other pieces of software do really effectively that you might want to pull in and use here. I feel like that'll be, like, most of the discussion. But might as well start sort of from the top and I'll ask sort of like the questions that came up in my. Okay? So a lot of this was just me doing the basic sign up flows and just like pointing things out that I notice. Okay? So one of the first things I had a question about was John Rx. It seemed like kind of this call out, like at the top of settings. Was maybe the only place that it's really being advertised, and I just wanted to double check on that, and I guess. That's sort of like, what level of familiarity does the user base kind of like, have with something like this? Do they understand the benefit of having it under jot? Psych. When I know that it seems like it's integrating with another piece of software. What's the value out of, like, having it in Jack? We're just continuing to use it in dose spot or whatever it's called.
Becca Bressler: Yeah, so I can answer that. So we had, like, released a banner announcement kind of thing, like start setup, book demo. And the idea was not that this would be like a discovery piece so much as, like, this is actually part of the onboarding. Once you get going, you have to, like, configure practice settings and. Then configure your clinician settings. So, like, this state, probably in the way that we were thinking about initially, probably shouldn't even exist until you've, like, purchased and, like, set up your practice.
Becca Bressler: So it shouldn't even technically be there. And I think that in the way that we imagined it at least like we didn't deliberately put it here as, like, a discovery piece, because pretty much the. I mean, the only discovery thing that we created was the banner. A little more context about like Jaw rx. So dosebot people don't have like separate dose spot accounts from their ehr. Like that's a product that integrates with electronic health records. And so like if you want and and more sophisticated softwares have a deeper level of integration. So ours you click a button it opens dose spot in a different browser more a more built out integration would just be like literally you think you are just like prescribing inside jot psych essentially. But like that is the platform that has all the regulatory stuff set up and is like connected to the pharmacies so that like we're not having to navigate that type of thing. So it's not a product. And then the last thing I would just say to that is, like, because we're trying to expand into the EHR territory, you know, we started to describe we've had people request prescribing because they spend so much time in jot psych with their documentation that they're like, you know, damn. I actually just want to use this as my system of record, but I can't because I need a software that will let me prescribe medication. And so that is, like, why we're bringing it into Jake does. That answer the questions you have.
jeremykanter: Yeah. Yeah, I think so. And I guess just to confirm, like, so the. For, like, existing users, there was, like, a banner or some sort of announcement, I'm sure, like, emails and stuff like that. But I didn't see any of that because I signed up more recently. Is that the or like you should have?
Becca Bressler: What's possible is, did you just, like, sign up and then go to your settings and add it to your account?
jeremykanter: I don't think so.
Becca Bressler: Yeah, but.
jeremykanter: And I also, like, I definitely saw some banners, and I maybe clicked away from some banners, but I thought they were all banners that were like, book a book a call to go over the.
Becca Bressler: Yeah, okay, got it. So that banner up until, like, the end of last week had a start. Setup, we changed it. Because no one was really doing it and it was confusing. Like there are just too many blockers to self set up that it felt like not worth driving people there. So. Yeah, that banner used to say start setup, and then it would, like, take you through.
Becca Bressler: Sorry, I didn't. I didn't even realize, like, I.
Becca Bressler: Didn't even think about how to be the case for you. But, yeah, like, the prototype I sent, like, if you were curious, you can, like, walk through it that way and kind of see how it would take you across the software.
jeremykanter: Okay, okay. I think that prototype link stopped. Working for me. Maybe at some point. I. Because I. The first day or two. I was able to look at it, and then I think I went back to look at it again on Friday. And it didn't load. At that point, I was like, have my hands filter and, like, get ready for this.
Becca Bressler: Okay, that's cool. We can look at it later. That's even useful for you. But otherwise, like, you don't even have to worry about thinking about it at this stage, so whatever. Whatever would be helpful for you. We can.
jeremykanter: I'll check it again, but I might want to look at that. Okay. And then. I'm actually going to touch on this later, so I'm going to skip this one. Yeah. So this is where I wanted to touch on this question. It feels like things live in a lot of different places.
jeremykanter: Big nod for now.
Becca Bressler: Big nod from Alfred over there. His next gonna fall off.
jeremykanter: Yeah, okay, so I noticed. I actually noticed this. Going through this again last night. That everything kind of coalesces on this one screen. There are four different terms features, capabilities, access and add ons. And I can take a guess at, like, what those all mean, but I'm not, like, 100% confident that I can answer that accurately. I feel like, you know, a user you would want. To be able to, like, sort of grasp that at this point. Of having been inside the product for a couple days. So I was wondering if you could explain the difference between all those four to me and why they sort of, like, exist in different places, why they have these different entry points.
Becca Bressler: I might need you to then come back to the different places, different entry points, and, like, just give me an example of what you saw. But to just start with explaining the differences. I'm going to do a bad job, and that's going to be representative of the issue that we have here. Part of the issue is. Some of the things that we are charging for are like, features, and some of them. Like, exist within feature. So I'll give you an example, right? So like a feature is forms. So you know, our trialing users have unlimited access to it. And if you're on like a basic plan, you get five, but that is the ability to like, click send form, pick the labs you want sent, you know. Like, pick the patient, send it off. So we. We have built the ability to do that. A capability as I under. Well, actually, can you. Where does it say capability? It's. Oh, right. Okay. Capabilities.
alfred: Okay?
Becca Bressler: Here's why we named it Capabilities is kind of what I'll say, because we're. We're dealing with the fact that we have, like, a feature like that. And then in note training, for instance. So endnote training is if you're in a note and you have that no editor on the right hand side. Right. Maybe you've seen. You can like, it's like a chat bot that you can say, like, change patient to client or like, you know, it's It's a chatbot that lets you edit the note. Training is a thing where, like, we've built it so. Because some people it's like one off fixes, but some people, it's like, oh, we actually think every single note, you're going to want this formatting change, right? So that not every single time they have to be like, make this section. Two paragraphs. They can train the template so that it's always two paragraphs. And the way that works is the system would prompt it. It would be like if it's thought that the user was asking for a change that they would likely want across the board, they would get a pop up that said, like, Would you like to train this template to always do this? Like, yes, train or no. And that is something that has a quota, actually. So, like, you can purchase an unlimited ability to do that, but otherwise you might only get, like, 10 or 20. And so at least, like, we don't really think of that as, like, a feature because it's a part of the AI editor. I mean, maybe it is, but, like, when we were sort of slapping this together, like, it's not. Like, in our mental model, we have, like, Note Trainer, and that's the name of a feature. And, like, then this is a list of features. We were like, the ability to train your note. Do you know what I mean? Like, does that kind of make sense? And so then capability felt like this, like, grab bag term. Does that kind of answer that part of the question?
jeremykanter: Yeah, that definitely helps, I think. The question for me that that leads.
Becca Bressler: It's super bad, but, yeah, anyways, no, it's okay.
alfred: I've seen this happen.
jeremykanter: Like, I understand how this happens. Like, I've been there and I guess, like, the question that that leads me to is, like, okay, so there is a capability within a feature that you can purchase, like, unlimited quota for. You also have add ons that are things that you purchase. That. I don't know whether there's limitations within that or not, but. Like how, like, what's the, what's the.
jeremykanter: Is the differentiation there just kind of like scale? Is it like, you know, an add on is like a full feature that you're buying versus, like, you know, some of the capabilities? You have to pay for usage limit sort of situation.
Becca Bressler: So this is a great question and it will expose another level or layer of complexity to this. So like we have add ons which are like a feature, like a product level thing, right? Like prescription, like that's like one thing that you can buy. We also have bundles. So, like, we have a bundle called ehr Essentials. And if you add that bundle to your plan, you get unlimited forms, labs, documents, unlimited trains. Like, that capability. The way that you would, the way that you would, like, buy that capability would be to get the like, ehr essential add on package. So it's like, does that kind of answer your question?
jeremykanter: Yeah, I think it's. I think it's all. I think I'm getting it. Yeah. I was going to ask about the ehr essentials because I saw that and I also couldn't figure out, like, what was. What was in that, so. Okay, okay. Cool.
jeremykanter: I think, you know, like, this is useful in part for me to, like, understand where you all are coming from, what all this stuff means to you. I think, like, this also highlights, you know, something that a normal person might not be able to, like, I don't know what people's familiarity, like, what the. How difficult. This is of like, this sort of software. This is something, you know, I obviously don't have a lot of domain knowledge. And so certainly different types of users have different tolerances for this sort of thing. But for me, as someone coming in who is not familiar with the software, this was one of those areas where I'm like, okay, I'm really like, just the, the amount of different language that's being used here without relating definitions, and that was. That was definitely difficult for me.
Becca Bressler: I just want to say, Jeremy, like, and maybe you would do this anyways. I definitely want to encourage you as you pursue this project to continue thinking like an outsider, because this is not like our users. Most ehrs. Just to give you a little context, have like, have like basic, premium, Pro, whatever. And like, in that you can kind of very easily see the suite of offerings. I don't think this, like a la carte add on bundle, add on mix is typical at all. So this is part of the, like, confusion here anyway. So, yeah, just like, keep being an outsider and, like, we want whatever we put out there to, like, feel tangible. To an outsider, you know, so.
jeremykanter: Gotcha. I am curious about that approach, just like the a la carte versus tiered kind of approach to things. And is that something that you all have decided to do because it allows you to be, like more experimental, or is it something that you feel is a real need in the marketplace where people are like, yeah, I really don't want to, like, pay for a bunch of stuff I'm not going to use. And we're trying to, like, you know, deliver something more tailored or, like. What was the, like, thing behind that? I guess.
Becca Bressler: Yeah. Alfred. I've been talking a lot. I can answer this question. But you look like maybe you want to talk, so if you do, I want to allow you the opportunity. Oh, you're muted. You're muted. You're muted.
alfred: I'll let you answer that question, and then I'll jump in with a.
Becca Bressler: With a few. Kind of acknowledge that I'm, like, doing all the talking. So it's a fantastic question. I will say I felt very devalidated reading your note about Finkma, that they tried it and then went in a different direction, presumably because they realized how complicated it was. I don't even know the answer to that question. I'll say. That was like a top down mandate. Was a desire to allow people to configure the maximum flexibility. We are wanting to, like, experiment with pricing. So. So the answer is like, kind of both. So part of it is we want to experiment with pricing and we want to know where to devote our resources to as a product team. And so, like, whether or not someone will pay for the add on. Like is kind of a signal to us looking for like those kinds of express preferences. I also think there is a belief. Which I don't actually know if I share, but that maximum flexibility so that you can purchase the things that meet your particular workflow is something like desired in the marketplace. So I apologize, it's not a straightforward answer.
Becca Bressler: But, you know, more context, I guess.
jeremykanter: Yeah, yeah. Now that makes sense. Like, that was something that I was looking at and I was like.
jeremykanter: I was like, is this the typical pattern of these sort of pieces of software or. You know, because everywhere, like, all the worlds I'm more familiar with, they're doing, you know, the tiered sort of packages as opposed to, like. As opposed to this.
Becca Bressler: So here it is. Standard, for sure. In this world, too. Yeah.
jeremykanter: Okay. You. Said one of the things was you wanted to experiment with pricing. And you being explaining a little bit about what you meant by that, is that something where you're currently, like, running experiments on, like, different features, different price points, that sort of thing? Or like with the.
Becca Bressler: Yeah, the.
alfred: I think it's more testing the waters. In temperature. Right. So we're now thinking of doing the telehealth. So we put it there and we put it at a competitive price. Are people going to purchase it or not? But I don't think. We haven't. At least not yet. Gone through, like, oh, what if this costs 30 bucks versus 50 bucks a month? I don't know that I hope that we don't want to do that because I'm just going to add so much complexity. But. Yeah, I mean, the other thing that I wanted to kind of say is you started talking about, it's like, here we're calling theater. The base plan, but in other places, we call it the plan. So it goes back to, like, the terminology and the, you know, inconsistencies. But it is kind of complicated because you have. The plan has certain capabilities. Some capabilities. Can be upped by updating the planner the tier. Other capabilities can be up by adding an add on. Some capabilities. Don't even exist if you don't have an add on. So it's like it's one of these things where it really gets like, you know. Yeah. A good example is like, you know. The audit suggestions.
alfred: You know, the only way you can bump it up is by adding the add on.
Becca Bressler: We're getting everything tier, but then you're getting all the ehr essential stuff too. Forms, labs. So like, if you want the audit feature, but you don't really care about the other ones, you can then purchase it as a separate add on.
jeremykanter: Okay? And is is everything so far? A price per user, or are there anything that is like a price for practice?
alfred: Sort of situation. Yes, that adds to the complexity.
Becca Bressler: So it's a price, I guess.
alfred: Like the data and security is
Becca Bressler: a price by user, but you have to pay for everyone in the org, which means, like, as an example, Jeremy, like, if you have five clinicians working under you, you can buy jaw audit for two of them. You can buy JOTRx for two of them. We have a data and security package, which maybe you saw. If you want to purchase that as a practice owner, you have to pay five times that amount for everyone in your practice. You don't have the ability to, like. Yeah, okay.
jeremykanter: Okay.
Becca Bressler: It's insane. Like, this is like, I. Yeah.
jeremykanter: Yeah, it's. Yeah.
Becca Bressler: Building it was. Was a challenge. Alfred can attest.
jeremykanter: Yeah, okay. Okay, I think. I think that probably about covers.
Becca Bressler: I guess one thing I actually want to say though, Jeremy, is like you're in a trial state, but you know, source might say basic or everything, depending on what your base is. And then you would see like your quota usage, which might say unlimited or. Anyways, you probably know that. But just to.
jeremykanter: Just to say, right. Yeah, I did, kind of. I am, like, curious, like, to see what that looks like. For someone in a real, like, world scenario, but I was able to kind of, you know, guess I see a lot of, like, trial unlimited. And kind of weird states for my account right now, but I was like, yeah, I think. I think I generally get, like, what. What would happen here? So, yeah.
alfred: And we could fast forward your account and that sort of thing, if you want. To move past trial data at some point as well.
Becca Bressler: Okay?
jeremykanter: Okay? Yeah, let's. Let's. Let's see how things go. Okay?
jeremykanter: I think everything else was. Super immediately relevant. Definitely. Like, I think it would be helpful for you and I to, like, kind of just make sure we've synced on, like, the rest of this stuff. Like, there's a lot of small things that are, like, you know, icon choices and stuff like that. We don't need to, like, dwell. On that, obviously, but, like. Like, there are probably places where I have, like, product questions that I think are. Printing early. Like, somewhat related to this that, like, I, you know, we might want to sync afterwards, but we could, like, move on for. For now.
Becca Bressler: Because one thing I want to flag is, and I apologize, this wasn't super clear and I didn't think about it. The chrome extension, we actually haven't even launched. It. The thing that you were looking.
Becca Bressler: The thing you were looking at was, like, a recorder chrome extension. So it's the ability for people to, like, record with an extension. What we're building is, like, a copy paste, like, getting your, like, jots, like, note in an extension so that you can, like, quickly transfer anyways. We can talk about that later, but just to let you know.
jeremykanter: Ok. Yeah, that was. I was like. I was like. I don't think this has anything to do with this.
Becca Bressler: No, no.
jeremykanter: Yeah.
jeremykanter: It'll take me 10 minutes to, like, run through it, so let me just see what's going on there. Okay, so. Just to talk about how I've been, like, thinking about this and kind of, like, the definitions that I've been using. You kind of outline, like, a few kind of stages. In the notion, doc. And when I was, like, going through stuff, it sort of seemed to me that, like, some of the stages were, like, you know, time interchangeable, like, in some cases. You know, people need to learn a lot more about a feature up front. As opposed to, like, once they've set it up. Some cases, like, the setup might be, like, pretty easy, but then there's, like, more. Education. That happens, like, afterwards. So rather than thinking about, like, kind of the different stages, I was thinking about, like, three different domains. I can kind of happen in different orders. And to me, it felt like the, you know, how I would define those would be discoveries. So learning that a feature exists and kind of getting a general understanding of what it does. Setup would be opting in any other steps that you need to, like, get access to it. You know, be the first party or third party. And then education would be getting started with, like, actually using the feature. One note about, like, just like, the wording choice. Is at my last company. We ended up, like, kind of getting away from the term onboarding because it ended up being, like, really confusing what we were talking about, like, onboarding for, like, a brand new user signing up for their account for the first time versus onboarding for a new feature. So we ended up calling onboarding account creation. And all the other kind of, like, types of onboarding feature education. So I may have misspoke. The terms were account creation and feature education. So that was just one of those things where I was, like, you know, looking through this document and thinking about things and was like, I was like, my proposal, like, those definitions to this group. Because I've definitely been in a situation of the past where everyone's talking about onboarding and we're not sure. Like what we're talking about.
Becca Bressler: That's really smart. And I've, like, felt that in the way that I've been using that, actually. But I guess when you say like, so feature education is like the non, you know, account creation. And so embedded in that definition for you is like signing up for John Rx like or setup is because I guess we. We had been thinking about onboarding, say, for Draughtrx is like set what you maybe are calling setup. But. Can you just, like, explain the future education? Yeah, I'm clearly misunderstanding, so I'm just. Yeah.
jeremykanter: Yeah. So I guess to explain how.
Becca Bressler: Sorry, Alfred, you want to say something?
alfred: I can. No, I was. I could. I can take a step and explaining it, Jeremy, and you can correct me if I'm. If I'm wrong, if that's all right. So it's more on. And we're doing this, I guess, is what I'm saying. We're calling onboarding many different things, including account creation. So not not onboarding of jrx, but the actual. What we also sometimes call first time user experience. Which we're also using it in many different places. So I think that's kind of what Jeremy's trying to get to, is that when I create an account, that's one onboarding that we've been calling onboarding. But then, like. You know, specifically onboarding of John Rx, he's saying we should probably be calling that. Or what. What he suggesting is calling that feature education rather than onboarding.
Becca Bressler: Right. My question, though, is, does that, like, definition of feature education for Jeremy include setup? Yeah. And is the answer yes?
jeremykanter: I think. I think maybe no. Like, the. I think, like, the way. The way I would describe it is, like, what I would describe as, like, account creation. Is, I think, the term that you're using for first time user experience. Again, the general issue here is, like, all these things are, in a sense, onboarding. Whether it's onboarding. To the product or onboarding to a feature within the product. And sort of having these different terms can help disambiguate. So, like at my last company. We had a single user product, we didn't have multi user products. So we didn't have to worry about like creating other accounts within like, you know, a group or whatever. So we just called account creation. Our first time user experience was account creation. So you sign, you know, from the moment you download the app to the moment you actually, like, get in, like, what is that process? What is the, you know, putting your information, getting some basic. You know, account details down. We did have, you know, one or maybe two features that, you know, when you start to use the feature, you do have to do some sort of setup. So that is where I would use the term setup. And that, I think, is a good analog to things like autrx, where you start down that path and there's things you have to do before you can actually start using the feature. So I would. I would term that as setup. And then education would be helping a user get using a feature. Not necessarily like tasks that you need to create, but, like, information that they would need to, like, understand, like, what it is going in. So, you know, we had our app had like, you know, four or five different tabs that kind of had different features within them. And one of the approaches that we took to feature education was that when you end up on those tabs for the first time, there's just, like, a little education card that has a few bullet points and icons, just kind of explaining, like, what the future is. I think, like, obviously, your product's a lot bigger and more complicated, and so that education piece might take different forms, particularly if. Depending on what needs to be explained, when, you know, kind of. Around some of the more like, elaborate setup processes, I think. So that's what I was just trying to, like, you know, separate these things out from, like, a time scale and sort of put them in, like, different domains and say, like, okay, we're. We're talking about a pattern that we're going to use to educate about something as opposed to, like, you know. Someone being in a setup process and like, what that's going to.
Becca Bressler: Yeah, I like this. Yeah. Cool.
jeremykanter: Okay, cool. So next I wrote down kind of the different formats that things were. Could take place in. And I was like. I was like, how can I? Because, like, some of these things, like, you know, an administrator signs up and then a user has to do a thing. And I was like, is this. Like, you can map this out on, like, a, you know, 4x4, like, chart, right? But then you have, like, 16 different states or whatever. So I was like, let me. Let me not try to do that. Let me just, like, ask, like, the four, like, the main questions that I think are kind of would differentiate what format? A feature ends up in. And I think just from talking through this, there might be some other formats to consider as well, such as is this something that is at the practice level or is this something that is at the user level? But the main ones that I was able to sort of glean just like from going through the project and going through the notion, Doc. And maybe this is. This first one is one that I kind of like. You know, maybe inferred, but, like, how is it activated? I could see situations where you launch a new feature that is available to everyone immediately. That maybe isn't an add on or anything they have to opt into, but you still want to do, you know, education around that feature. You still want to have a rollout strategy for that. So that might exist for something where you have to opt into it or you have to sign up for it as a. As a paid add on. Next was who can opt in. So that was whether individuals can opt themselves in or whether administrators need to handle that. And then the other ones were whether there's a trial. And who is needed for setup. And I, I don't, I can't. I don't know if this is one that's accurate or not, but, like, are there, are there features where the individual user and this might actually be three things. Like, is there, are there future. There may be features where only the administrator needs to do setup. Where only the individual user needs to do setup, and maybe ones where both need to do setup. So this is like. Yeah, again, like this. This information was all in the notion doc, basically. But I'm like, trying to, like, revisualize it for myself, like, can stay sane about, like, how to approach it.
Becca Bressler: Is there a question there that you want me to answer? Are you, like, around the setup piece or the.
jeremykanter: I mean, the. The question is, like, is this on track?
Becca Bressler: Does this.
jeremykanter: Yeah. Am I missing anything important? Like, is there. Is there another big, like, one of these that I need to, like, write down? Is one of these wrong? Like, that's like, I'm. I'm just looking for, like, are we on the same page about. Like how the product works.
Becca Bressler: So I think this looks right. One thing I would just. Like, make sure you're thinking about is. When you're saying individuals. So I guess maybe getting on the same page about what it means that, like, an individual user can opt in, because if you're an individual user, you're not a part of a group account. Like you've purchased your own jobs like account.
jeremykanter: What I meant by individual users was like, the. Like. Like an individual clinician in a practice. I realized now that was probably a very poor choice because I know you have, like, the, you know, sole.
jeremykanter: No, no, no, that makes sense.
Becca Bressler: I'm just now, like, looking at this to make sure this is right. Who is needed for setup. I guess maybe. One thing I would add to the mix is if you're an individual at a group, Practice. Let me just. I'm, like, talking out loud. Is there a feature that you can set up without a practice administrator? Setting it up. Like if it's an add on or something you have to purchase, at minimum the practice administrator has to buy it.
Becca Bressler: Like, at minimum, maybe there's not more setup than that. That said. Sorry, I'm just talking about this out loud. If you're an individual, to group practice. You can actually set up forms for yourself. Before it gets purchased. Because you have a trial, right? So because you can do five for free. So, yeah, that would be the case where an individual user can be in charge of their own setup. Without their administrator. Okay, cool. So, yeah, I don't know. Alfred, do you want to weigh in? But like this, to me, looks right.
alfred: Yeah, I think. So there's the. There's a, you know, group members that are not admins. There's a setup that needs to be shared by both the admin and the group member, and then there is probably one where only the admin can set up.
alfred: That's probably less common.
alfred: That would probably be more like stuff like the data security package, which. Which is more like an org level type thing. But even in that case, I do think that. There are going to be cases where the practice administrator is going to have more to set up or different things to set up for the same feature. So there is a world where it's three things. Who. Who is this being set up for? Where it's. You know, I am. I am a practice administrator, not.
alfred: Not an individual user. You know, or not a clinician within my practice, if that makes sense. Like I'm a billing administrator or something like that. I am both. You know, I am a practice administrator and a clinician and then I am just a clinician in the practice and I have no admin rights.
Becca Bressler: But yeah, I think, yeah, this actually gets to the question you were asking. Jeremy, I think about, like, other roles to consider, but I wouldn't get too hung up on, like, what a billing administrator means. I would just think about it as some practice administrators also see patients, some practice administrators patients.
jeremykanter: Where I've sent individual users is group members. The. The preferred term that you all use or like what? Like, how would you, what do you have a term that you use to describe men users?
Becca Bressler: I feel like we use, like, clinicians at group practice or clinicians that are not practice administrator, which is like such a mouthful. I get? Maybe we call group users. Maybe that is, like, a better group practice.
jeremykanter: I just wanted to, like, quickly just swap in, like, either clinicians or group members or whatever, like, in this so I can.
Becca Bressler: Group clinicians, maybe.
Becca Bressler: Yeah, let's say group clinicians. I think that.
jeremykanter: And then we did say that this one has maybe three where it's maybe just admins only.
Becca Bressler: Yeah.
jeremykanter: Okay? Okay? Ignore the coloring for now.
Becca Bressler: It's. No, no, no. No worries. Yeah, okay.
jeremykanter: I'm. I'm looking at the clock, and I'm thinking about how much is left, and I'm wondering if you two can go long.
Becca Bressler: I can go long.
jeremykanter: Okay? Well. Well, yeah, we'll. We'll see how far we get, I guess. So this next slide, is this the. I'm calling these surfaces. These are kind of just like pieces of the app or like outside the app that are things I think will play a role in here somehow. Just kind of a brain dump situation. So some of these are going to look unfamiliar. So what's new? Changelog. That's something we want to talk about in a second. Pop ups, like, obviously, we touched on a little bit. We know they're disruptive, probably like to avoid them in most cases, but it's something that, you know, could be in the tool belt. And then there's a lot of other things that you all are already doing. CTA cards and trial cards, you know, things that explain what usage limits are. Obviously, you have various, you know, settings in different places. And then I think there's, like, out of, you know, product kind of things to consider, like the website and emails and maybe support channels. So I just wanted to kind of, like, lay all those out. These are like, the things that I was like, okay, like, you know, we're probably going to have to touch on a bunch of these different things to, you know, build this experience up. So just wanted to get those out there. I don't know if you might just be looking at this being like, yeah, that looks like a lot of stuff. If there's, like, anything that, like, immediately leaves the mind or that you have a question about, I guess, like. Maybe let me know. But this is mostly just, like, brain dump situation. Then we'll get into more details about, like, what some of these things are and where. I can see, like, room for improvement in the next section.
Becca Bressler: Yeah. This looks right to me. This makes sense. I think, I think one thing this, this feels like, I mean, one thing I'll just say, but I think this is probably obvious, is like, ideally we want to be moving to some sort of setup or, like, education process where, like, a user's maybe not even thinking about user settings, practice settings, like, you know what? I mean, like, obviously, we need to make them aware of when they want to change things. That's where they go. But for the actual first time. Yeah.
jeremykanter: Anyways, but that's.
Becca Bressler: That's the only thing I would add.
jeremykanter: Yeah. Yeah. Like, I definitely agree with that. I think. We'll touch on this in a bit. But, like, you want the place, you know, you want to be able to go into settings and manage stuff. But, like, also, like, it makes sense to, you know, be in a certain flow where you discover something and then go set it up and then. Okay? So next I wanted to talk about, like, some example patterns, some things I see other products doing that I think, like, could be useful here, particularly if, like, sound like what you said was the. You know that these are going to be, like, frequent and, you know, you. You need a way to keep everyone up to date on, like. What's going on in the product. And so having that visibility in these repeatable patterns is really, like, kind of the goal. So these are just, like, kind of examples of how I see other products, like, taking that approach. So first thing I want to talk about is just like, what's new Changelog kind of release notes approach to things. I see a lot of products these days more doing it now that, you know, everything is just like a website that you go to and it's getting updated without you noticing and there isn't always a good way to, like, keep track of, like, what's been changing. The same way there was if you were, like, you know, downloading updates. In the old days. So this is something I see a lot is just like, what's new sections change logs. I think Notion does, like, has a really nice approach to this, where one of the entry points is like kind of exactly where in the path that you might be going if you were trying to learn about a new feature anyway. So if you click on that help button down in the corner, there's a whole section they dedicate in this, in this pop in this, in this drop down, that is what's new. And it shows the last three releases and then a link to view all releases. And that takes you to just like a really nice like well formatted website where it's essentially just a blog of what feature updates they've they've done. These are usually, you know, fairly short kind of email length articles that just explain like what the new features that they added, how you can access it. And I really like these. I feel like these are, like, really useful for, you know, the larger, more like professional products. That I end up using that. Use them. So another couple examples that I've seen. Kramer does pretty much the exact same thing. Sketch has one. Figma has one. These are obviously, like, products that I could think of off the top of my head that I spend a lot of time with. So there. I'm sure there's like, all sorts of other, you know. Apps and companies out there that are taking similar approaches or maybe even, you know, more applicable but slightly different approaches. But the main idea is just kind of like you just have somewhere that's, like, on your website that you can point to. That is everything that we've been adding recently.
alfred: Question, just thing, just devil's advocate. Like, how often, like, do you use, do you go to these pages and to see what's new, what's changed?
jeremykanter: Yeah, I like, I think what you're touching on is like, this is like a low visibility kind of approach, right? Like, this is not an in your face. Like, we made an announcement. This is more like, you know, I visited these. I've gone to see, like, oh, something changes. Like, you know, the figma changes the shortcut on me. Like, is there a new feature out? And I think it's partly useful as, like, you know, if you do need that reference, It's partly useful, I think. I really do like this notion approach of, like, okay, like, I need help with something. I'm going to click that help button and then, oh, like, all those things are just right there, like, for me to see if I did notice something changed or whatever. Like, and my inclination is go. To help. They've, like, put it right in the path of, like, okay, do you need to learn about something that we just changed in the product? Because here it is, like, it's probably, you know, in this list.
alfred: Directly correlated to an email that went out as well. Like we're launching.
jeremykanter: And then my last point was going to be like, it makes for a great, just like, home for this stuff to live. Like, you know, if you do send out an email about something, You just have that email linked to this post where you explain, like, you know, the release.
Becca Bressler: Too easily.
jeremykanter: Yeah, yeah, yeah. So, yeah, it's just, you know, a way to kind of collect all these things if you. If you do end up having, like, frequent feature announcements.
jeremykanter: Okay, so I do want to talk about pop ups next. I know. I hate power books. Everyone hates pop ups. I do think there is a way to do them usefully and tastefully. And I do think stigma does this. Obviously I spend a ton of my time in Figma. I think the things that make the Figma pop ups and they do, you know, they'll put a pop up in your, in your tab when they've released a new feature. But like the, the things that they've like, you know, done to make them really effective, I think, is that they're very infrequent. They only use them for big new features or for things that are maybe not big, but like, super highly requested. So that, that's actually the example that I like, found because I wasn't able to. Like, make one up here. But this example that I found was, you know, I think it's interesting. It was just the, that they added bulleted and number lists to, like, the text fields in figma, which, like, this is not a major new feature, but this is something that, like, so many designers wanted. And so I felt like they, like, understood that that was something that, like, I'm not going to be mad about seeing a pop up of like, this thing that is like a huge pain point for me even. It's not like a brand new feature. It's not something that's going to make them more money, but. It's something that, like, has been a pain point for me. I'm not going to be mad about, like, seeing a pop up. For it. A few other things that I think make them useful. They're not just, like, popping up in the middle of, like, when I'm working. They're only happening when a document is first loaded. Side note on that in a second. But it's not like I'm like, you know, I step away for a second, I come back and there's a pop up or something like that. And I think they also do a really good job of offering useful path forward and often multiple different paths forward. So there's almost always. A website that you can a web page that is like a release node style web page or maybe a help article that you can go to to like learn more details about what the, you know, new feature is. But there's also always like a little demo file where it actually just opens like a Figma community. File for you that has the new features applied and, like, has these, like, annotated guidelines you can go through and, like, actually play with it. And, like, immediately I need to go, like, be like, oh, how am I going to use this feature and this document I'm working on? And, like, I really want to be testing stuff where I'm, like, working, but they've set up this little, like, playground for me to, like, go deal with. I think that might, you know, that that's not going to look the same for you. Like you. There may be times when you want to take that approach, but often it's really more just about like meeting the user where they're at. And not everyone is going to want to watch a five minute video. Right off the bat. Not everyone is going to want to go read a web page right off the bat. But if you offer those both options, then you've, like, covered, you know, more of those spaces. One thing I really don't like about the Figma's pop ups that I I'm actually surprised they haven't solved for yet. But they're not aware of what's going on across tabs. So again, I don't know how applicable this is to job site, but there have been times when I've got 10 tabs open in Figma, I open up Figma, they've launched a new feature. Every single one of my tabs now has a pop up in it and I have to go close them all individually. This seems like something that, like Figma, you know, they. For all the things that they do really, really well. Like, there's the one little thing that, like, you know, I think it could be making a little better about this, but again, like, they're so infrequent and they really use them appropriately that. Like these are pop ups that I'm not mad about ever, really, so. Yeah.
Becca Bressler: Awesome. Yeah, we the top up we're thinking of for like the EHR chrome extension. I feel like it's in the it is a highly requested feature. People like, don't like copying and pasting between jots and their ehr. We've built something that they can bring into their EHR and like, shuttle the notes over and so what we're thinking is, like, when a user clicks copy all, meaning they're like or copy they're like in the middle of their transfer, we can show them like, hey, actually, we have this tool that lets you kind of do this in your ehr so it's mid workflow, but kind of precisely at the moment that it would be valuable to them. So, yeah, I think that is a good candidate for something like, you know, yeah, it's very requested. So. But also knowing that it's not going to pop up every single time and, you know, not like, yeah, Figma. Like, so it's just kind of one and done like pop ups. Like you wouldn't get the same pop up twice. Yeah, yeah.
jeremykanter: Like If I reload 10 tabs at once, they might all get the pop up, but once I've like X that out, I'm not seeing it again for any. Time that I load, like after that. So if I did have, you know, if I open one tab, go the pop up, closed it. I'm not going to get it on when I the next, you know, any of the tabs I open. Yeah, I feel like they just, like, exercise good restraint. So, like, when we're talking, you know, I heard them mention. Obviously, most products do this really poorly and pop ups are very annoying, especially for, like, professional tools. But I do think there's a way to do it. Tastefully. So I feel like, you know, it was worth, like, bringing up as like, a. You know, I don't think this is something that you should necessarily, like, discount from the. The toolkit sort of thing.
alfred: No, I agree. Making it different from what 95% of our current pop ups are, which are essentially notification stacks. It also adds value to it.
jeremykanter: Right.
alfred: So it's not. It's not the same thing visually. You raised a good point, though. Which I think is something that we need to think about, is when is the right time for some of these things. I think, you know, for users working on a note, probably not a good time. It's not specific, but is it a good time? You know, like all these things, like, like squeaking. That is going to be very important with, with anything of this nature. Yeah. I'm just blabbering it.
jeremykanter: Yeah, I think that definitely makes a lot of sense. Like, they're probably, you know, actually, I think we're going to, like, maybe touch on this a little bit, but, like, I. Definitely agree. Like, there's probably parts of your product where, like, you never going to load a pop up ever. But I do think there's, like, You know, maybe room on. The home screen to the applying pop ups. And maybe we're on the home screen to be including like a kind of like some sort of what's new? Carter experience. I think you mentioned to me that like the the home screen is not very prominently used as spend a lot of time there. But looking in stat sig it looked like and I don't know if I was looking at the right thing or if this is you know, you might interpret this differently, but what I thought I saw was that. That. You know, that home screen? You know, they may not have a lot going on, it may not be where people spend the bulk of their time, but it does have, like, a fair number of page views, you know, in the top three or so of, like, the, the, you know, pages in the app. And so I feel like that might be an appropriate place for if you want to have, like, kind of a permanent. What's new? You know, kind of call out of the latest feature and maybe links to the last like couple links of that sort of release those page. If you end up doing something like that on your website, I feel like that would be like a really, you know, appropriate place to do that, where it's not. It's kind of, like, getting in the way of, like, missing critical stuff, but it is some place that they're, you know, people are visiting frequently enough that. You know, they'll see something new. And you wouldn't have to, you know, force a pop up on them. To. To be able to. To bring that awareness. That was like one of the cool surfaces. I do think you should maybe consider. I think it may be moved the slide by accident. Why? This wasn't in the what's New section. As opposed to the pop up section. But I think pop is apply here too. Like, you know, if you want to take some more restrained approach, maybe focus on, you know, just things that are delivered on the home screen as opposed to, like in the, you know, in the deeper work, kind of like part of that parts of the app.
Becca Bressler: Cool.
jeremykanter: Okay, next I wanted to talk about empty states. So I, I think FD states are really important. They're very useful for explaining features, conveying kind of like the value of them. And most importantly, offering a path forward. So I, you know, there's all sorts of good examples of empty states, the two that I like, pulled up, and I don't think these are the most indicative of examples, but I thought they were interesting where, like, podcode and Duolingo, when you, like, get to that. Like, paywall kind of screen. They both just take over the entire screen and, like, the whole thing is, like, you know, a scrolling page. In Claude's case, like, dedicated to, like, why you would want to upgrade and what you're going to get when you upgrade and things like that. And I think you can contrast that with something like the screen jots, like, it's an empty state, it's a dead end. It's not telling me why I want this feature, why I would want to, you know, nag my admin to buy it for us. What I can do next. And so I really think, like, there's. I definitely saw some places where. These sort of empty states can could be made more useful and informative.
Becca Bressler: Awesome. Just empty states. Like the Claude example, that's the page that they would see that if they, like, go to Claude in their web browser and they haven't logged in yet, like, before they hit login, is that kind of the place that they would see that?
jeremykanter: No. So this is. This is the Claude code page. Paywall page, specifically. So Claude code requires that you have quad and pro, $20 a month, whatever, you know, kind of thing. But if you've used. Maybe for anybody, but definitely if you use quad code in, like, a trial state, you know, code is one of the. The tabs in your navigation bar. And then if you click that but you're not subscribed, then you are getting like, this full screen, like, Yeah, same with. Same with Duolingo. So they're Duolingo plus, or super. Whatever they call it. Like, there are a couple, you know, there are features in there. They obviously, like, push this, like, really heavily, like if you're in between lessons and stuff like that, which is a lot. But there are a. Few features that are like. These are specific paid features, like a, you know, chat with an AI sort of thing in your language to, like, get practice. Like, if you click that, then, yeah, they're devoting the entire screen real estate to explaining why you should upgrade.
Becca Bressler: Awesome.
jeremykanter: Okay, cool. And next, I want to talk about settings, which is, like, kind of boring and nerdy, but I actually think it's really. It could be really useful in your case. So the basic gist is, like, I don't think you should underestimate the importance of, like, how your settings pages are set. Up and how they're conveying these features. Settings can be a really great place to remind future users about features they're not using or to tell them about, like, things that they can upgrade to pay for, you know, to, you know, pay for, to upgrade. The example that I could remember off the top of my head that I really like is there's this Mac Launcher app called Raycast, which is like a. If you use a Mac and use Spotlight, it's kind of a replacement to that. It's a little more powerful. You can download extensions and all sorts. Of crazy stuff, and there's settings. I think it's a very, very well designed app. And their settings screen has an entire tab devoted to a pro feature that, like, I don't. I don't pay for. Right. Because it's part of the subscription, so. But. It's elevated here because. Of how important the feature is, not because of whether or not it's like a paid feature or something like that. Right. So you could see an approach here where they've got, you know, the general tab extensions, tab account, blah blah, blah, and then they've got like an add ons thing and that's like, everywhere that is like, they've got. They have, like, a Pro tab or whatever, and that's, like, every feature that you get if you, you know, subscribe to the Pro plan. But the problem there is that, like, that's not something that, you know, if I'm not subscribed, and I'm not super interested to subscribe, it's very easy for me to just ignore that entire tab. And then I don't get an education about, like, kind of where those settings live, what's on offer and things like that. So, like, they've taken kind of like the feature first approach of like, okay, cloud sync is super important for any of our professional users who have multiple computers. And so that's going to be like, you know, that obviously needs to be a top level thing where they can see whether that's on what's being saying, like gain the value of that.
jeremykanter: And because it's a pro feature, we're just going to label it that. And that's going to help, like, you know, help me understand when I pay for Pro, like, how I go find the settings, help. Me know that this is, like, something that I get with, you know, if I pay for Pro. And so, like, having that visibility, even if it's in Settings, I think can be really useful. And then sort of the counterexample is when I was going through and did the JOTRX sign up, I noticed that part of that experience exists. In the practice settings. And when I went back and forth, I realized that that wasn't something that was there until I had added it to that Commission account. So that's just one of those things where, like. Yeah, like, you know, because I didn't know this was there until I added it to the account. It's like an unexpected thing. Where, you know, I wouldn't, you know, have known yet where to go to, like, manage those settings. And the interface has changed in, like, a way that I wouldn't have been able to predict. And it creates some sort of, like, interesting hierarchy questions of, like, aside from the fact that you obviously want me to take care of this to do. Like, why is it above my organization info? Like, right, that seems like the information that was like, maybe more. Primary there, so. Yeah, same here. It's, you know, obviously surface because it's an urgent task, but, like, you know, I don't really know what this has to do with, like, my clinician and, like, my, you know, personal information. So, yeah, you know, something like that. If it had, like, a more primary place in the settings that I think, you know, you could potentially solve some of those problems.
alfred: It also creates. Reusable. If you think about its way of. Highlighting these things rather than all of a sudden creating different banners in different places.
jeremykanter: Yeah, yeah. And definitely, though, like, like a balancing act, depending on how many paid features you have in the pipeline, like, there definitely reaches the point where if you got, like, 10 different paid things, then, like, you know, it's going to overload a menu like this. But I think it's like, yeah, it's something that we should be considering when we're trying, like, figure out what the right approach is.
Becca Bressler: Here, the thing, like, the thing that I find. So just like. And I don't know, I'm sure this is a problem that can be solved and I'm not thinking about this, right. But like with John Rx, for instance, since you have to start in your practice settings, It least the way that it's configured now, like. There is this challenge between, like, what is your account settings page and what is your practice settings page? And like, if you do need a practice level configuration, should it live in the account? I mean, that said, I think ideally it should all just be one thing. And you had provided designs at this before, Jeremy, where it's like, on the left or, you know. Yeah, like, there's more organized way. Is it, like, actually not separating those two surfaces? But, yeah, certainly part of what makes this, like, a complicated project.
jeremykanter: Yeah. I definitely like, you know, I realize I've also like, you know, the, all the go between between like, you know, the practice level and the clinician level is definitely going to be a challenge. I don't have like great answer for that yet.
jeremykanter: I think part of the know we'll figure it out. But, yeah, for sure. Like, agree that that's. That's something we'll want to figure out. Next was kind of just like an observation on, like, user account management. We kind of talked about this earlier. That kind of, like, tiered approach versus a la carte approaches, I think. This is more secondary to a lot of the questions about, you know, figuring out about, like, how to introduce features to people. But at the end of the day, you know, if a practice administrator has to manage a new feature launch for a large practice of 20 to 40 clinicians, You want to make a smoother experience as possible. You don't want to give that practice administrator an excuse to not, you know, sign folks up. And so I think there's, like, some. There's, you know, a few things. You might want to consider about kind of like filtering, sorting. You know, bulk management of, like, accounts that you might want to take and improve about this experience just to make sure that you're making the process of managing a bunch of accounts is smooth as possible because the last thing you want is, like, for a large practice to decide not to add a feature just because it's like, going to be a pain in the ass. That was. That was a small note there. I don't think there's a whole lot. To really get into about that one, but, yeah. And then the I think is the last thing is this last name. Yeah. So pretty much last thing I have. Was this idea of to dos and notifications. And I think that this definitely comes into play when we're talking about the, like, cross user setup situations between administrators and clinicians. And how you handle that. And I. I don't think. I think. I don't like. The examples I pull here are not great. I was kind of struggling to, like, think of, like, good analogs. But I think there are a few that I, like, think in principle are nice. So when I think about, like, the software updates that come through online, Acro and Chrome, I think they do a good job. You know? You know about the. They do a pretty good job of the, like, visibility and consistency aspects of it. Obviously. For a process that you need to use or to, you know, take to, like, finish setting up a feature. But I think the consistency aspect is important, too. You know, Just a visual and kind of information hierarchy. Consistency helps me understand. What it is I need to do and that it is something I need to do. In a way where, like. In some of the examples I saw, like, things are kind of popping up in, like, interesting places. Like, it's. It's less of a kind of repeatable pattern in my mind of, like, oh, yeah, this is, like, a thing I needed to, like, finish setting up. Versus, like, you know, just at first glance. Is this a thing I need to finish setting up, or is this an ad? Or, you know, just, you know, random banners and places? You know, take that kind of, like, cognitive load to figure out. So I think there's another place where you might want to consider, based on the home screen, if there are kind of like actions required to do is things of that nature, maybe dedicating a section there, that can be something that I think like maybe comes and goes. You know, has those come in or out as opposed to, you know, dedicating, like, permanent space, but I think, like, you know, having, you know, figuring out where it's going to be visible and where it's going to be consistent, I think would be. Would be really useful.
Becca Bressler: We will at this point need just to like a notifications type place or an action needed type place for different features across the app. Right. So as an example RX where you prescribe pharmacies are going to send notifications if they need your approval or they need you to, you know, and like, we are going to need a place to put that in the app. So, yeah, I don't know if it all seems like a good spot to do all of it, and the way Notion gives you, like, a bunch of different types of notifications in one spot, but. But yeah, I don't know if that's like, what we are going to be building immediately, but definitely where we like, need to help head. Yeah, yeah, I saw the notion screenshots.
jeremykanter: Yeah, yeah, I highlighted pretty much exactly that here. Like, you know, the, you know, Figma notification center, Notions Notification center. Both really good examples of things that handle a lot of different tasks, I think. Like, yeah, if right now you don't have a lot of different uses for it, it probably doesn't make sense to like, dive right into that, But I do think it's like a. It's a good pattern to consider. And the other small note I had here was just, like, potential for using email for these sort of things. I again, don't have the domain knowledge of what's expected from users of a product like this and, and wasn't able to really, like, get through like, all of the, like, stages of like, some of these setup processes to see if you're using email in this way. But like sending an email when a user needs to take care of something. Useful pattern build off of it and sort of, you know, remind users after X days if they haven't taken a task to completion yet and things like that. So. And again, I don't know if this like, exists already, but I think it's like, you know, it's one of those touch points that is worth considering.
Becca Bressler: Totally. Awesome.
jeremykanter: Okay. And then the very last thing I have was just, like, looking at all these, like, different surfaces that you want to make use of for these things. My guess at like, what? Again? Like, huge caveat. Like, I'm. I'm brand new here. I don't know. So feel free to, like, tell me that. These are. These are entirely wrong. But, like, yeah, the. The idea was just to map these out in terms of, like, what I think would have, like, the kind of, like, highest impact. Lowest impact, highest effort, lowest effort, and just kind of try to, like, map out, like, which which of these services we want to, like, you know, focus on first. Obviously, the things that are high impact are things that we want to really. Consider first, these things on the left corner, the low impact, low effort I mostly put there because they're things that, like, kind of already exist in the app. Things that I've seen before. I don't think you probably want to, you know, you need. Are going to need to be spending, like, a ton of time on, and hopefully there's, like, some small fixes we can find here and there, but, like, not really, you know, things that we're building. Fully from scratch versus something like, how do we tackle the problem of, like, practice user and individual feature settings? And obviously that would, you know, I think, have a pretty large impact, but. Like, consider some, like, big changes to how like, settings work in, in the app. And then notifications I put down here just because I, you know, I think it could have high impact. But I think at this point, you know, if you're not going to use those notifications for other things, Then it's maybe, you know, premature to consider that approach just for the, you know, new user needs to, you know, fill out information to get their job at RX set up or whatever.
Becca Bressler: So, quick question. Walkthroughs in the bottom left corner.
Becca Bressler: Is that form setup? Like, is that kind of what you mean by walkthroughs, where it's like you have three steps here?
jeremykanter: Yeah, I saw this somewhere and I saw. I saw new designs in Figma, actually, you know. Questions and observations about the difference between the old designs that I saw in the app and the new designs I saw in figma. But that's basically walkthroughs would be, you know, you hit a feature for the first time and it's like, yeah, it's got a few different cards of like, you know, maybe it's stepping around the interface and highlighting things.
jeremykanter: Oh, got it.
alfred: Like a first time experience of the feature.
Becca Bressler: Not like to set up your communication, pick your message, your sign off. That's you're not talking about like, because you showed that elsewhere in this deck of like the certain setup. But this is not setups. This is like first time experience of a feature. Yeah.
jeremykanter: Yes. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I'm trying to remember. Is there another, more specific next term that folks use for that? Guided tours, maybe, or something like that, but. That's what I meant by Walker is not the. Not the general setup sort of thing.
Becca Bressler: I'm really interested to hear what Alfred says because, like, so here's my reaction is, like, I think we do need to kind of overhaul the setting stuff, for sure.
Becca Bressler: But I'm wondering if there's. A quicker path that helps us just like create good enough setup, like education setup. Without an overhaul of that kind of thing. Like a single modal that you're, like, walking through, but then if you don't finish it, like, the notification piece might, you know? I don't know. Yeah, I'm just trying to think about. Like a change. Like, I don't think I would want, like, you to spend much time on a change log, which maybe isn't what you're proposing, Jeremy, but like, I, you know, we're setting up tools here right now that are going to help us, like take product changes, update notion, etc. But. I guess when you, when you say, like, practice user feature settings, what are the next steps of that look like for you as far as, like, what you would be working on, like, those pages? But. Yeah. Can you just walk me through what that means?
jeremykanter: Yeah, I think this is the biggest one, actually. So I think I would basically. I think this is going to sound like a vague answer because I haven't spent enough time in the product, but I think I would basically want to start with, like, You know, all the user settings, all the practice settings and. All the individual add on or feature settings. And. I think like it, you know, redo all of it, but. Take that like, you know. A really, like, you know, outsider approach. Like, you know, first principle is kind of approach to, okay, like, where are the. The problems in all these? And how can we, like, simplify this a little bit and make it more consistent? And make it. More. Repeatable for, like, future. For future, you know, features that get added.
jeremykanter: I don't really know that there's, like, a specific, like. Yeah, you know, place that I would start or, like, you know, obviously. I think, like, you know, the settings for individual features are like, specifically a place that, you know, there needs to be some more consistency and visibility and things like that. But, but I think all of that is going to play into practice settings and management of different user accounts and things like that. And so. I would. I would kind of just take the approach if that was like, you know, if you were like, this is the next thing I want you to work out. I don't know exactly like what the end scope of that is going to look like, but I would be taking into consideration all of it.
Becca Bressler: Yeah. And the thinking there is, because those are the services where like the discovery happen, because I guess. You know, because if we imagine like in the lower left hand corner, there was like a what's new card. And like, that's where people discovered something and they're like, oh, what's this thing in your mind? The like flow would like. The next logical step would require the rethink of account. Settings, practice settings. Like, you know, because my limited non UX designer brain, right is like oh, is the simplest path here actually. Like you learn about a new feature, you click something and it's actually just like a modal that explains what it is to you and like you get to learn more or start setup and if you want to start setup, it's just like, one modal that you're walking through. Like, is that the simplest version that is repeatable until we're able to tackle these, like, bigger issues or in your mind?
Becca Bressler: Like, yeah, what am I, like, not thinking about there? Thinking that that's, like, the easiest, quickest path. Like, yeah, I'd just be curious to hear from you. What I'm, like, missing or not thinking about.
jeremykanter: Yeah. I think you could use it as, like a sort of like. This is going to, you know, like, let's make sure we have a good home base for all of the new feature stuff. Anything that has to do with add ons and new features. And things you have to opt into and things you have to, like, you know, set up and, you know, everything sort of, like feeds into that channel. I don't think that has to be. The way you do it. I think you know, you. You already have some useful patterns. That I noticed in the software, like, kind of like, oh, okay, here's a thing that requires some setup. So we're going to overlay modal on the page and that's got a multi step kind of thing and it takes you through, right? And that might be, you know, that might be the right approach for, for. All sorts of features and stuff like that. Got it. I think the practice and user settings stuff is something I would want to, you know. Look at and find really interesting because I think it is, like, kind of. Not necessarily the bigger problem in terms of just like. Helping a user like understand or discover a new feature. But that there it's the bigger, stickier problems problems that I was noticing just in the app UX in general in terms of like, okay, there's a settings tab where there's four different terms for whatever using for like a different type of feature. And, like, how do I make that clear to a user?
jeremykanter: How do I, you know, help them understand what they're paying for, what accounts they're getting, what they're, you know, what they're billing is going to be like, you know, all sorts of. Right.
Becca Bressler: And the clinicians page of like, how you actually add an add on, like, definitely needs work. And that would definitely become a part of what you're describing, I guess, is part of what you're saying, though, like, hey, you guys actually have some patterns that you're already using for certain things that work fairly well. Like, you should just bring those over for you know, the quicker fix here is not to have me design those things. It's actually like, hey, what you did for forms that, like, works pretty well. Use it for drawdown. Like, is that also kind of what I'm hearing from you?
jeremykanter: So I think I would say, like I like. I personally can't comment on whether I think. They are. You know, whether I think they're really good, really polish. The most effective thing I think, is it's more that those are surfaces that, like, we definitely want to look at at some point. Make sure that they're consistent, that we have repeatable patterns, that we have patterns that scale from a simple thing like forms, where it's like we really just need your name versus something that. Is more intensive, like YadRx, where it's like, you got to go to this other website and get some numbers and copy and paste those here and whatever. I think, for sure. Like, you know, there, there are things that you're using in the app where it's like, okay, like, this setup process is, you know, we're launching this new feature, and it's pretty simple. Can we just, you know, reuse the modals that we're using? Informs and to get the, you know, these three pieces of information, whatever. Like, yeah, like, absolutely. Like just, you know, reuse what you've already got. But, like, ideally, like, I think you have kind of a library of gunna UX patterns where you're like, okay, like, you know, we've got a new feature. We know it requires a few different pieces of information for setup. So we go, we look in the library. We've got one that's, you know, really simple. One that's in the middle and one that's, you know, requires a lot of back and forth, various notifications and emails that are, you know, making sure that different people are accomplishing different tasks. And we sort of like, you know, are picking the right kind of component there for, for each feature.
Becca Bressler: Alfred, what's your view like hearing this?
alfred: Yes, basically. One. I do think that there is also. There's probably even like, quick wins in the settings part as well, without, like, a major overhaul. That is probably worth investigating as well. You know, you brought one up recently which is like, oh, you know, this ad showed up only after I did all this other stuff. That would have presented a possible entity with education about the product. You know, how to buy that, that sort of thing. And then the other thing that you're bringing up, which. Which I think is necessary, is to come up with reusable patterns that we can just stick to for everything or anything that we deem to serve this sort of, you know. Visibility and or education.
Becca Bressler: Yeah. So? So, Jeremy, the stuff that you were just describing, the, like, library for setup stuff, like, is that a separate project, or is that, like, a part of the top right quadrant in your mind?
jeremykanter: I think, like, that would be.
jeremykanter: That would be how I would want to approach any of these, right? You know, you can take that same approach to empty states, right? Like some empty states are going to be. You know, this is something that you're not supposed to be able to view, talk to your administrator button to, you know, email your administrator or whatever, Right? And some of them are going to be, you know, here's a feature and we need. It's a little complicated. We're going to, you know, spend a couple paragraphs explaining how it works. Maybe there's like a little carousel that you can walk through to see, kind of like all that. And then maybe there's a link out to learn more on our website, and maybe there's a video on our YouTube channel. And all that is kind of like you. Know what I'll, you know, or would we need in that scenario. Right, but, you know, as variants of the same thing. Right. That's all just an empty state, different variations of that component. And so, you know, you want to have those patterns. In the, in the bank. So that when you launch a new feature, you say, like, okay, like, you know this one, we're, we're going to want the, like, more elaborate thing. We're going to want the blog post and the, and the YouTube video and all that. So, yeah, it's more just like how it approach kind of like any of these things, I think.
Becca Bressler: Okay, so I have a meeting in five, but I want to, like. Could you and I circle up right after the stream? Because I guess I think I mean the top left quadrant. Like, it doesn't feel like a valuable use of your time. Like, I feel like we can, like, mock stuff up, probably. Well, I don't know. Now I'm, like, kind of walking that back for a second. But more I more say that because I'm like, oh, if the top right thing is, like, the hardest, like, trickiest thing, like, it would be great to get, like, an expert on this part of the problem.
Becca Bressler: But I guess, like, when I'm envisioning a deliverable one of the things that we were envisioning was like an example of what it would look like to learn about Jaw RX and go through the onboarding, for instance. And, like, do you still see that as the deliverable that comes from this, like, top right? Project that we're talking about. I'm just like. I just want to make sure that I'm, like, envisioning what it actually means to work on that part of the software. Does that question make sense?
jeremykanter: Yeah. I get where you're coming from for sure. If you. You know, empty states, there's all sorts of patterns that are out there. You can look at and copy from and brush up on yourselves. And if you want me to, you know, I'd be happy to, like, you know, let you all take the lead on that, and then I provide feedback or however you want to do it. I think what you described with, like, you know, Like. Okay, thank john rx. And how would you. Like, what would. What would my version of that be, essentially? I think you know. Kind of like, like, issue challenge I see with that is like, like, yeah, that's for sure useful exercise because, you know, it touches, like, all the different touch points. But to me, that's like. Okay, that's also part of the problem, is, like, we're going to touch all the different touch points. Of empty states, maybe pop ups, you know, the settings aspects of it, the. The setup aspects of it. And, and we're going to do all those. But does that set us up with a reusable pattern? S and the scalable sort of patterns that you need for. Okay, now we have the empty safer rx, but is that.
jeremykanter: You know, how do I think of the time to, like, define an empty state for a simpler feature or, you know, maybe a more complicated feature? I don't know. But, like, I would see the job as, like, kind of, like, half done if I'm only really, like, rebuilding the one version of this and that. You know, the rest of it is making sure you've got that consistency and that scalability of those individual components of that.
alfred: Going forward.
jeremykanter: You're not reinventing the wheel each time or having to, like, fill in place of, like, you know what I haven't done?
Becca Bressler: Like, patterns and reusable. I think, for us. And maybe I don't. Maybe Alfred wouldn't need this. Like, my brain knows, like, okay, but for us, then. If we have a new thing, like, how do we plug in, play? Like, what. Which ones do we pull for which types of releases? And so, like, for me, I'm, like, very concrete. But if Alfred, you know, maybe that's not what he needs. Like, ultimately this is kind of really for him to then build out. You know?
alfred: No, I think. Look, I think as an engineer, I follow some of the same. Pattern as well. Trying to. Possibly prematurely over optimize for future usage.
alfred: And what I would suggest, yes, we want to get there. Yes, we want to be thinking about it. But in the, in the, you know, because we are so fast moving and trying to get deliverable, I would, I would try to, like, leave space for that, but not necessarily have that. You know, try to answer all the questions off the bat. And that's something that I know. It's a struggle. Trust me, I struggle with that as well.
alfred: But I would suggest, I guess, whatever. How do you guys speak that in the back of your mind? Just because that's. I know that that's kind of. The expectations. Yeah, yeah, which. Which can be counted, but. You know, I think. By trying one thing. Kind of start putting these, like, five different things, from what I'm hearing, is that if we're working on one thing, it's not just working on the opera or it's not just working on. It's working on a few little things that get dialed in. So. And I don't know. If that's what. What makes sense. You know, I guess.
alfred: But what's going to. What does happen from. From the business perspective? Is that what doesn't make sense? Like a month? Coming up with this library or whatever, you know, because it's. It's just. It's just the fast paced. There is a case to be made about the practice user feature setting and sleep. And getting that right as well. I think. I don't know how you feel about that as well. I don't know what you think would be the best thing for you to look at.
jeremykanter: Yeah. I like it. I definitely hear you. I've gotten the sense that you all like to, you know, move quickly. That's for sure a priority. It's interesting because I'm used to different environments where it is more. You know, measure twice, cut once. I feel like you certainly can take the approach of, like, let's just, like, let's do the one path for the one thing. And we know that we're going to have other things that are going to, like, branch off that are more complicated, more simple or whatever. But, like, let's start with this one thing. And it almost always, like, ends up with kind of that you have kicked the can down the road. And that, you know, when you want to go, then expand on that pattern. Then you are making small changes here and there to, like, make things more consistent. And then you have to go back and you change the thing that you already built. And no one wants to do that because we're moving on the next thing going, I'll go back and change the thing we already built. But then you've created a bunch of inconsistencies. And that becomes, you know, like. I refer to it as design debt.
jeremykanter: Like the same that, you know, tech.
alfred: And it's all subjected.
jeremykanter: So I think I definitely hear where you all coming from, and I want to make sure that I'm calibrated to the way that you all want to work and that, you know, I'm not spending time on stuff that you don't want to pay me for. Right. Like, but. But, yeah, I think it is going to be like, you're going to have to, like, figure out the balance of, like, okay. What's the priority here and how can we get there as quickly as possible without, you know, really creating a bunch of Christian down the road? Yeah, I think it's just going to be a calibration process, like, you know, need a new environment and. And, you know, being used to working with me, but. But I think I can, you know. Trying to prioritize what I'm focusing on and make sure that. You know, like that. The easiest thing, I guess, like that, you know, the. One of the sensible ways that you can, like, kind of like. Speedrun, this sort of thing. I think in some senses, it's like you start with the most complicated version of it.
jeremykanter: And then everything is pared down from there because it's always easier to remove than it is to add. So if John RX is like, you know, the most complicated kind of scenario we want to imagine, then I, you know, I think that is, like, then a useful potential way to go about it is, you know, we do.
alfred: Yeah.
jeremykanter: And then it's fairly straightforward for me to kind of like, be creating simpler versions that are.
alfred: You know, more applicable for features? I think that would be a good question. I'm not pretty much sure if you can completely honestly, I have. N't, But I do see that it's very dispar. Ate and I have. I have concerns about. That. Awesome. Well, good training. I'm sure Becca will follow up. I think she said. She mentioned. It. I have to go. Wrong. Grab lunch. Talk to you later.
jeremykanter: Thanks.