Rose Fontana: Beautiful.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Did. You're in. You're on the lake, right?
Rose Fontana: Yeah.
Jackson Bierfeldt: So you have, like, 20ft of snow.
Rose Fontana: That's what they say. It's higher than. I have a Honda Civic, and it's all the way to the top of the car. Oh, my gosh.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Wait, is that like 3ft, 4ft?
Rose Fontana: It's. I'm like, 5ft tall, so it doesn't come all the way up to me, but it's two of my dogs, so.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Oh, my gosh. I know. We're. We're over here, like, complaining in the city about, like, 3 inches of snow, and I'm like, the lake effect. New York people, they're, like, unfazed until it's four feet tall.
Rose Fontana: Yeah. They stop. Probably are, like, plowing, like, the side streets. So we just go out in the truck and pretend like it's fine.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah. That's great. Well, Marcus, if you want to introduce yourself.
Marcus Irven: Hi, Rose. Good to meet you. I'm Marcus, one of the lead engineers at Joslake here. I've been with almost just over a year. So I'm the. Yeah, I have the most seniority at this point, I think besides Jackson and
Jackson Bierfeldt: Nate, Marcus knows where all the technical bodies are buried.
Marcus Irven: And you're in upstate New York somewhere?
Rose Fontana: Yeah, yeah. I'm in Oswego, outside of Syracuse.
Marcus Irven: Okay. I'm in the Hudson Valley area.
Rose Fontana: Oh. That's where I grew up, in Liberty, by Monticello.
Marcus Irven: Okay. Nice. I'm in. New pals.
Rose Fontana: Oh, that's beautiful. The graffiti. They have nice graffiti there.
Marcus Irven: All the college. College hippies.
Rose Fontana: Yeah, all the hippies. Well, you're right by Woodstock, so.
Marcus Irven: Right by Woodstock. Well, very good to meet you.
Rose Fontana: Yes. Thank you for your time, and I appreciate both of you to take it to spend talking with me.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah. Well, we would love to get in and probably just start with talking about the coding challenge that you did. We, you know, were able to review the code and your video there and appreciate the time and care that you put into that. And I have a, you know, a couple specific questions that I'd like to go through. But first, I kind of just want to hear about your impression of it.
Rose Fontana: I'm going to just pull it up real quick.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Sure.
Rose Fontana: Let's see. I really enjoyed it, actually. I thought about it for a long time because I didn't want to, like, mess it up, but I like that. It's. It was open to interpretation. It was architectural, and it felt like my jam being like, nlp. Um, I overthought it in the beginning. I was like, I don't know what to do with this audio, but it was already text by the time we got it. So it was really just a text challenge without the embeddings. I would love to see what those embeddings look like. That was decimals. Beautiful.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah, no, great. And I really liked your, like, I almost want to call it, like a data science approach to it, like how you really did go through and created some more data and created some, like, ground truths and we're able to figure out, you know, and show very cleanly in the video, you know, hey, this is what worked, this is what didn't. You know. One question I have though is where. So you took a deterministic approach, basically, you know, with, with like, natural language processing and figuring out like, what the ide. Like the, the patterns of different speakers are, which is very efficient and works here. But I'm curious, like, what would you say are the, like, obvious break points of this and where might you not, you know, continue down that path? What would you need to see in order to, like, want to bring in something a little beefier?
Rose Fontana: I would need a lot more weights for it to even work on, like, a conceptual level. It's very hacky in that it's maybe just patient symptoms or, or hobbies or something that they talk about a lot. And especially in a therapeutic group setting, maybe they're not going to talk about the same things every week. Maybe they're going to have different problems. This week it's their kid, next week it's their anxiety. And those, those kinds of factors can't accurately tell apart. Especially if the people who are trying to tell apart have overlapping symptoms and talk in the same kinds of patterns with the same usage, then we'll need a lot more beefier things. And the biggest risk is that the profiles have to be created. So we're going to have to see some sessions and it's not going to work out the bat and we're going to have to iterate on it with the clinicians to get it to that's spot where it's working.
Jackson Bierfeldt: So what would you. What was like, something else that you. That you considered? For what it's worth, I think it was great, like the hacky way for, like the demo. It works very well for exactly that kind of challenge. But without going into like, super, super architectural specifics, I'm just kind of curious, like, what were other things you considered? What do you think is probably like, the second most viable option that if you were to spend another two days on it, you'd like to try next for a software solution.
Rose Fontana: My next best thing would be trying to change human behavior, which would be please do a roll call. Please do something, like at the beginning that we can use so that we can just skip this part. If we could get the clinicians to work with us to do that for a software solution, we could change the similarity metrics a bit, see if that does anything otherwise like an LLM. It could, it's non deterministic, which is why I didn't initially use it. And it has to be auditable. We could do some, some really high thinking models that would be a little bit more auditable than, than other models. So that it'll say, hey, this is what I'm thinking. This is why I thought this or something that's maybe like rag base instead of like take the case files and the interviews and make it a rag inside of it instead of using outside sources. That might work depending on how much permission we get from the patients and the clinicians use their data and how they care about us using it.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah, great. So now let's pretend that it's a couple weeks and we've like solved this in the lab to some degree. Right. Like we're feeling. We went with a deterministic model that has an LLM fallback and it also looks at their voice a little bit and we run it on our test data and we're like, oh my gosh, this is scoring great. It's time to actually like roll this out to 100 users. If we were going to like ship, you know, like a pilot version of this to 100 people, how would we monitor and track it? Like what would be the way that you would want to set it up so that we could see if it's succeeding? If it's failing?
Rose Fontana: How would I would really like there to be like a whole suite of analytics both like it needs to be things like why did it determine this? Why does it think that? Why? What percentage does the clinicians have to go back and review it? What percentage are the clinicians spending actually using this versus doing their own notes? How much time did it save them, if any? Those are the kinds of numbers that we are going to want to see go up. So if we start getting them, we'll see how we can improve it. And especially if we can do it in a way that the clinicians can also monitor. They would love to be in there with us helping, seeing the numbers go up, seeing how much time they're saving, the, the monitoring. Also we're going to have to have like, like percentages for when we have to step in or when somebody should review it. Like a human in the loop. This that I did has a soft human in the loop where it's like a confirmation but we need something like if from. If they're taking the notes. And going to put it in their database or refining them or doing something with them. I wouldn't want something that we could put on there and be like, this is from this date, from this version of this system. So then they'll be able to go back in there and tell exactly like what we need really good versioning so that we'll be able to go back to the same instance with the same parameters that we were at when they were using it for that patient. So I think they have to keep their records for like a long time. Five years.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah. The compliance perspective is definitely something that always needs to be carefully, carefully thought through on this. Okay, so let's say that we set all of that up right and we've shipped this to 100 people. And what we're finding is that 80, you know, 50, 50 of them actually used it. Of those 80% of the time, they make no changes to the labels. You know, it suggests some labels. This was Bob, this was sue, and they don't touch it at all. You know, they're like, great.
Jackson Bierfeldt: You know, that seems right. 20% of the time they're going in and they're actually clicking like, no, this one was actually Bob, this one was actually Sue. But we, we have that, that set up, so we feel pretty good. It hasn't crashed the server. People are using it. How do we now decide if we want to keep working on this, if we want to kill it, or if we want to just roll it out to everybody else? What would the signals that we need to look for there be?
Rose Fontana: Well, so my system that I did is a auto confirmation, kind of like, this is what we think, yes or no. And with that kind of a system, 80% is either really good or really bad. Are the clinicians looking at it? We should do some auditing and like sit with the clinicians actually make sure. Are these numbers true facts or are they just. The clinicians are busy this week. They're high cognitive load. Maybe, maybe they keep accidentally pressing it. I don't know. I want to talk to these people, See. Exactly. Or look at the data. Say, is this actually good? Is this actually working? And I would want to talk to them to see or have them do a survey, like roll something out so we can say, is this saving you time? Do you hate this? Do you, do you like to use it? Would you recommend it to somebody? And depending on what they say, like, if they'll be like, I really like this, I really don't like this. I really wouldn't recommend this. I'M just using it because my boss told me to. And then that will help us more than anything. The subjectivity of whether the clinicians like it or not and what they don't like about it. To be able to say, hey, this is something we should keep doing, or we should change it in some kind of a way. To help make it more what they're looking for.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah. Great. And where do you stand on the like for the subjective portion of it? I'd maybe like to hear now a bit more about like how have you approached that in the past? Because like the metrics, we're all engineers here. I think we know like yeah, we can use stat sig and build all those things or whatever. But like how have you addressed the like subjective quality of this in the past?
Rose Fontana: There's a couple different ways that we've done it. We do it like highly subjective where we interview them and then make different accesses. Like basically a rubric for the interviews to be able to like we even do like the coding like the whole like subjective and quality qualitative analysis of what they like, what they don't like. Maybe use some like otter AI so that NLP is what they say and we can pull out the important things. We did that with the USDA because we wanted to have proof that what we were doing was something that they wanted that saved them time and we had to prove that it saved them money. And we also just make it quantitative assign numbers. So a survey that has numbers from 1 to 10 and then do math on it so that the. There, there's an aspect of it that without talking to them you can't really get like just three or four phone calls from 100 would be enough to the high ranking people maybe or depending on one person from each facility. However we have it set up because there's, there's an aspect of the human that I think that you can't get from the data without talking to them. Like their micro expressions or their, their tone of voice. They're like, yeah, it's okay. So just a little human in there to even it out, but mostly numbers.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Great. Marcus, do you want to. Go ahead?
Marcus Irven: Yeah. Can you. I'd like to learn a little bit more about when you were just talking about that just now, like some of your experience. Was that with ad data systems or. Sorry, I was looking at your LinkedIn and trying.
Rose Fontana: Yeah, this, it was with our side which is a contractor we were working with. Yeah. So we're doing standards mostly for agriculture and agro semantics and so we would go to Ag Gateway, ISO meetings, the usda. We were trying to reconcile the worlds.
Marcus Irven: Tell me more about what you worked on there and what your team was like.
Rose Fontana: So it was a little hodgepodge. There was three of us, so I was my own team for the most part. I had a guy who would be, he was a statistician, so he would help me with the heavy math. He was a senior programmer who would do all of the like double checking type of stuff. Otherwise I was on my own and we would work contract to contract. So I worked heavily with the semantic stuff where we would make ontologies and make different standards. Our main tool that we were trying to promote was a tool so that you could reconcile your agricultural system. So put all of your records in paper or on your computer onto this interface called Farm os, which is just a database built on PHP so that you could see your whole farm system and see what the problems are and how to fix it or not. But then we would do contracts. So we would do AI like I had a big role. We were comparing all the different AI systems that were available at the time. So basically just different LLMs and things that plug into LLMs to see whether a junior coder could use AI instead of doing it purely by hand to be able to speed up the production. And we wrote a whole bunch about that.
Marcus Irven: What were your learnings there?
Rose Fontana: I, I, I'm a big proponent to have people in the loop and have people do people things. And the big problem with farmers and agriculture is that the data is, and it's hard to build a indeterministic system that is purely good without review, without having a look at the source data. Especially for the kinds of things like the people who would be using the systems didn't do the best double checking or there wasn't that kind of thing built into the system and they had lots of heavy paper records and, and the one thing that we try to explore was whether we could build like a find my wheelbarrow system where I have cameras set up on my property and where's my wheelbarrow? Can the property know? But we never got out of the initiation phase because nobody wanted their property to be the privacy concerns of having the cameras all set up and their workers there and their workers being watched. And it's a complex system that every, whoever you talk to, whoever your case manager is or your. Your, your. The stakeholder is going to hold most of the coins and whether or not your thing works depends on who you need it to work for.
Marcus Irven: What and what kind of role are you looking for next? Like what, what's. What's important to you?
Rose Fontana: I like problems. I like helping people. I like fixing things. I didn't think that I like starting from scratch, like greenfield projects, but I showed through our sign that I was able to do that. We worked on the. I forgot about the bricks project. We were a bricks project. So there's like, I built that from scratch. It was, it was a JavaScript, it was a map that they could look at to see all the Brix scores near them. It's just a bionutrient indicator of how healthy the food is, depending on whether or not you believe in that. Being a good indicator or not is subjective, but that's what they wanted to do and that's what we did. I wouldn't mind doing that again, but I really like bug hunting. I really like talking to people who are fixing things. I really like when the clinicians are like, hey, I would really like this and just doing it for them. That's what we did at Genome Oncology. We'd work closely with our. We had like different kinds of systems for different hospitals and we would like tweak it a little bit to be exactly what they needed. That was beautiful.
Marcus Irven: So sorry, I was just kind of reviewing your stuff here, so I'd like to learn more about that role and what kind of projects you worked on and what your team was like there.
Rose Fontana: At Genome Oncology, we were doing a. So it was two different pipelines that were connected to each other. I was part of iiq, that was the documentation. So we'd have next generation sequencing data which would be the pathologists, the clinicians, they're working with cancer patients and, and they want to see what genes do these patients have that maybe we can give them this medicine. Maybe there's this new study out. Maybe, maybe. And so they would plug their data into our system and they would down the pipeline be able to tell. These case studies are what you should look at. These are near you. These are for your patients with your patient's genes. Our part, that was for them. Us. We were just taking the data off of the paper, showing it to the clinician and labeling it and having the data analytics of it all. It was a small team. I was an application engineer, so I was coding. But like, I wasn't supposed to be. I was making tickets primarily for the engineers to work on and working with the engineers and clinicians and we had people with PhDs there who are our research and they would help make our ontologies better.
Jackson Bierfeldt: What do you mean? You weren't supposed to be coding as an application engineer.
Rose Fontana: They. That's what I said. So I, it was. And we didn't have, we had three engineers and they were all juniors. And I was like, we can't do this with just junior engineers. So I was coding, refactoring. This one guy wrote everything who knew nlp. And so we were refactoring it and this junior engineers didn't understand how to refactor it. So I'd be like, here, this is what you're doing here, just push it. I'll push it to you. And they just wanted me to write tickets and, and they got upset when I made like tickets that were like, hey, so it takes two days for this to happen? Can that not happen? Because we were running on GCP systems and we were running for hospitals that were open on the weekends even if we weren't. So things have to work even when we're not there. But.
Jackson Bierfeldt: So you were hired into like a managerial role? That was their expectation?
Rose Fontana: Yeah, it was, it was. What else? They called it like a informatics specialist or something. It was. I was helping design the architecture for the NLP system and helping to. It was like a dual role because I was also in there daily like deploying things and doing the analytics and seeing the results of that. Like there's no ground truth because we didn't have that kind of data. So I'd have to go in there and make sure everything mapped correctly and then make the tickets and try and make the engineers do it and then review their, their PRs and be like, no, please do that better. It's like a hodgepodge kind of role that seems to me.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Did you. Were you ever able to like, you know, it sounds like you kind of had like an early frustration with like working with the team of only junior engineers there. What were you able to do to like improve that system?
Rose Fontana: I would have loved to been able to. So that was my primary frustration was that I didn't have the authority. I'm not a coder from their eyes because of that kind of role they put me in. So I wasn't allowed to be able to help lead in that kind of a way. We would do it secretly without the managers knowing. So we'd all meet and I'll talk through coding like patterns that we can all use together. And that helped, I think, make them a little bit stronger engineers when I was there. But it stinks when you have to be secretive and you can't show everyone, share the knowledge and be there. The. The guy who was in charge, I think, had had a little bit of, like, I built this and this is how things work and it's already great. So despite what we were seeing, like, boots on the field, kind of.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah. What was your experience of like, managing up in that case? Like, were you kind of just, you know, oh, this is what it is, or were you, like, fighting? You know, was it hard for them to feel like you were being insubordinate? Like, what was the experience of that?
Rose Fontana: The people who are on our team, like, when it was just us, it was perfect because we all understood. Like, I come from kitchens, my husband's a chef. You're there together, we're in here together. We're trying to make things better. We're not trying to fight with each other. We're not trying to, like, we're a team and we should act like it and we should support each other to be better. The managers were hands off and they'd be like, really, just don't waste your time doing this. Really, please just focus on. Right. Making the tickets that I think when you get people together and they want to do good things, they'll make it happen.
Marcus Irven: So in your experience, like, what's, what's like as an engineer, what's the thing that you're. You've worked on that you're most proud of?
Rose Fontana: Most proud of? It's. It's been a while now because I used to, I used to say, like, the paper that I wrote was what I was most proud of, where I did end to end. So I dissected, like, roly polys, little isopods, and took their genes and sequenced them and then used that data, cleaned it up and made charts out of it from R. And we published it to say that the genes that the scientific community thinks they have, zzzw. Is not what they have. They actually have xy. And I thought that was so neat. And I love isopods to this day. I don't know, I think that might still be it, just because of the whole process. You collect the data, have the data, own the data, look at the data, have a result?
Marcus Irven: Yeah, that sounds cool.
Rose Fontana: Thank you.
Marcus Irven: Have you worked with, like, on an engineering team that has, like, a product manager and designers? Like, do you have experience with kind of working on a bigger team that has some of that support?
Rose Fontana: I don't think so. I think everything I've done has been a startup. Yeah. We were supposed to eventually hire designers at Genome Oncology, but we didn't.
Jackson Bierfeldt: And how, how did that do you feel like it's fine they didn't hire designers, or do you feel like there's actually. You know, a missing pole in the tent. Still, it's.
Rose Fontana: I'm not a designer and I would be doing the mock ups and the figmas and everything for the tickets. And I, I know that there's a gap missing there that we could have refined, that we could have made it cleaner, could have done better. I want the best for the patients and for the clinicians. And if we can get better, we should do that. Especially like how, how modern and slick these kinds of things could be and how archaic all biomedical technology like EPIC tends to be for them.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Why do you think that they never actually got around to hiring designers? Like, why do what happened in the. Like, we say we're going to do it and then it didn't actually happen. Like, what's your read on that?
Rose Fontana: It's just money. They don't have enough money to hire them. They didn't have enough money to pay us. That's why I left. They. It's always we, we're going to be able to maybe get money from the hospitals through some sort of something and then we just can't. Even at our side, we, we would like contract out for design and for different things, but it's never the same people. It's never on a cadence. So it's months apart and just like little, hey, maybe this, hey, maybe that. And not like a long term kind of partner to work with.
Marcus Irven: What is it about jumpsyc that has piqued your interest?
Rose Fontana: So, honestly, when I looked y' all up, everyone who reviews you say that you're really great software, that they love to use you, that they really like. Out of all of the software that exists for being able to capture clinician notes, like all over Reddit, they say, this is the software, this is what you should use. This is good. And people who are building good software is something I can learn from. It's something that I can get my hands in. It's something that we can make good, real differences. And that's really what I like. I found you on tech jobs for good.
Marcus Irven: Oh, cool.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah, we like to hear that. Okay, I have a question about something that you did in either of your last couple of jobs where you look back now and you're like, I actually did the wrong thing.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Like, I made a plan and maybe at the time you thought it was good or not, but like now looking back, you're like, that was the wrong decision. Like, can you talk about one of those
Rose Fontana: it was my job to make the bricks thing? It was my job to architect it from scratch. And I have never made a database completely from scratch before. And so I built so many things in this database that were inefficient and that shouldn't have been there, that couldn't have even been deleted. It was built on Supabase, so it had an AI wrapper that made it so much more great. But the way that I designed it overall, I tried to be really picky and really. I drew out the diagrams before doing anything. And I'm like, this is how it should be. It's relational. This is connected to this, is connected to this. And we did it through migration so that we can build it, like, up. But it. It wasn't exactly what I wanted. It wasn't exactly how it should have been. It should have been redone. We didn't really have hours to be able to do that. But it. I should have been able, I thought, to do better, to make it more streamlined and fast. I tried to put in, like, SQL calls so that we could have, like, fast lookups and everything would appear streamlined in the front end, which it did. But it's probably not scalable, not past, like 100 something people. But it was just a prototype and they were just using it to get funding. But it should have been better.
Jackson Bierfeldt: And, well, I want to push on that. So when you say it should have been better, what are you, like, where did it go wrong? Was it just, like, technically you knew it was slow, but, like, you know, the suits didn't even care about it? Or, like, did it not work in. In certain respects or was it hard for other people to maintain it?
Rose Fontana: I don't know if anyone's maintaining it. I sure hope somebody might someday. Worked. And it had. It had like, like lambda calls in between. They don't call a lambda and Supabase, but they were like functions that you're in the. Have in the database and that they were wrong. And I was like, please just let me spend like 10 more hours to figure out this math. They're like, no, no, it's good enough.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Wrong in that it was giving, like, the wrong answer or wrong as in, like, the way it was set up was inefficient.
Rose Fontana: The math was wrong. The math. I. Because I built tests and I'm like, look, do you see these tests or not? So they're like, why are you making tests? I didn't pay to do that. Please just let the math be right. I just need the math to be right. It was calculating brick scores, so we. We normalized BRICS scores. So you, you. I'm Sally and I have kids and I want to see where the best food is for my kids. And I can come on this map and look at all the scores. But we had to normalize them per store, per brand and per city and per country. And they had. The data was so diverse because we had people in Africa and I've never worked on. I don't even know what kinds of stores they had before we worked there that had to look at their data in the same way from the same perspective that people in America looked at their data. And having all of that in one system, like, we should even do different tables for them. It was broad needs we're trying to solve to try and get more funding.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah.
Marcus Irven: What are some ways that you're using AI to kind of supercharge yourself as an engineer these days?
Rose Fontana: It feels like the best rubber duck. We used to do rubber duck debugging. I. I don't have mine anymore. But it. I always tell it like, hey, listen, don't agree with me. Don't. Like, I give it them these chunky prompts and I'm like, please, can you tell me what's. What are all the problems with this? How is this so inefficient? What's the most like. And it feels like arguing on the Internet, but it makes me go investigate those things. I'm like, oh, okay. So it said, maybe this is wrong. I'm like, ah, no, that's not wrong. But that's the same things you need for a stakeholder is. Oh, they'll probably think that also. It also makes code. It sometimes works.
Marcus Irven: What. Like, what tools do you use for. For coding?
Rose Fontana: I have Claude and client. The Gemini has a really big context window and it's cheap. Claude does really good code, but you can only do it a couple times a day unless you pay $20 and you can do a little more. I primarily use models for evaluation. So they're all like the setup. They're either in the command line. So now a couple of them have that or it's built into the client extension. I also like to just use them in the browser in the ui. So I do it like function by function. I don't like when it. Sorry.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah, no, well, I mean, this, this gets on that. But you know, in. In 2026. Right. How do you think that, like, small teams like ours should be working with, you know, agentic development practices?
Rose Fontana: It's hard because if you're a small team, you don't have as robust review as a bigger team. So like, maybe if you have a large thing that's refactored by AI and you only have two guys who can look at the PR before you merge it, there could be things in there that could be overseen. Unless you bake that into the pipeline. So if you have like a good lint process and a good. Before you merge, you can even have the AI look at it. It passes all the checks. All of our systems are good, all our tests are good. Have the AI make more tests that could help make it full circle. So that. And different AIs. So don't have the same AI make the test. That's grading it. Try and diversify, not put all our eggs in one basket.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah. And then what about, you know, similar question, but like developer productivity in general, like, what is your view on what's going to happen in 2026?
Rose Fontana: It depends what, how your company is, what your team needs, what kinds of output metrics you're looking at. Some companies are looking at like mouse wiggling. How, how much the code changes, how. What kinds of like the micro metrics, but there's bigger metrics. How much pr, how many lines did we write, how much got refactored? We used AI in this year. Did the code base triple or. That's going to be much harder to maintain if we decide in 2027 that we're not going to be able to use AI in this way. We always have to have a fallback strategy for no matter how the technology changes or if it doesn't back things up, back things up, have things layered, versioned. The things are always going to change in some kind of a way. And whether that's AI, whether that's the language, whether that's the stakeholders, as long as we can build resiliency into everything, we can always come back from it.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah, I like. I think that's well said. I do want to just make sure that we have a little time for you to ask questions. So you got to ask me some of the basics before, but you, you have Marcus on the line now too, who will be more honest than me, you know, so you can ask him, like, truly, like, what's it like, you know, working on. On the small team or we said, so anything you're curious about, I want to make sure we can use the last five or six minutes here to answer that.
Rose Fontana: So you said that you have a system where you get a lot of insights from your stakeholders and it's like you have to talk to them. Encode. So do you not write tickets? Do you write your own tickets? How do you know where the goal posts are?
Marcus Irven: Yeah, I can take that. We. Great, great question. We have a product lead who's primarily kind of helping us, you know, product. Prioritize the work that we do along with, you know, kind of everybody else. It's definitely, it's definitely a group effort, but she's, she's kind of curating that and you know, filling it down to requirements for us. For the most part, we do, we do buy tickets for our work. They're more kind of most like placeholders for work that, you know, sometimes we put a lot of details in there. Sometimes they're just kind of placeholders for conversations. You know, we talk to our customers a lot. Um, and sometimes we even go sit with, you know, sit with them for a day. We do, we do a thing called shadowing where we do that a lot. So we, A lot of our insights come from just watching our customers use the product or talking to them and learning a lot more about what they need. Does that answer.
Rose Fontana: So if you've talked to your customer and you decided that there's something that would improve their use of the product tenfold, how would you be able to communicate that to your product lead, to be able to prioritize that?
Marcus Irven: Oh, I mean we're, you know, we're a small team. We're, we're like eight people. So we're all talking all, all of the time and everybody's sort of aware. We also, you know, we record all of our interactions with our customers or at least the ones that we do over, over video. So we could you kind of share that. We do a lot of like that, like, oh, I had this interesting talk with the con with the customer, you know, 10 minutes, you know, go, go read that for your, you know, go watch that, that video. So just, yeah, we're just a very communicative team.
Rose Fontana: That was beautiful.
Jackson Bierfeldt: We also have a couple institutions, like we have a slack bot backlog thing. So anytime anything ever comes into your mind, you just like, you know, throw that over and then it'll throw it into this document that we then go through and groom and try to figure out. We also are, try. This is a newer thing, but we have a weekly or a bi weekly Wednesday program where we sit down and we try to say like, what are the lowest hanging fruit things? Like what are tickets that we can just knock out in 30, 40 minutes and just like do a bunch of them all at once to, you know, do some of those improvements that people want. That's something I think is very exciting.
Rose Fontana: That's beautiful. Yeah, that's depending on how the teams are, the communication can be really strange. So that's really good to hear that y' all are there for each other in that kind of a way. It's definitely.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah, a small. It's funny, the thing you mentioned about, like, working in a kitchen. I was like, it's not super dissimilar right now. Like, we're kind of all in the back. And then, you know, one of the business people is like, hey, we need this. And we're all like, oh, my God. How are we gonna do that? Okay, well, we're gonna figure it out. You know, there is that. That bit of camaraderie.
Rose Fontana: So do you have some sort of overarching, like, quarterly goals that you try to reach, or you just try and make sure the system is maintained and that your. Your uptime is good or.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah, it's a good question. I mean I think we have like overall goals that we need to hit as a business because we are still so small. Right. Like we're actually not at the level of oh, this quarter. We just need to maintain this or that. Like, you know, right now, I think I mentioned you last time, we're undergoing kind of like a new product market fit exploration process. You in our pivot into revenue cycle management and the entire team, all of us are really focused on that one objective and that is something that every piece of work funnels into in some way. At the same time. Of course we still do need to maintain things, but we don't currently operate in a like, hey, in this quarter we're going to get our SLA agreements up to this level of uptime, you know, and like increase the reliability of this. It's, it's more like how do we keep moving towards this large project while also maintaining everything in like a good enough way. And that doesn't mean that we're not focused and tracking, you know, reliability and metrics like that. But we don't have like a split brain organization right now where it's like here's the product team and here's the reliability team. You know, everyone is doing both and like pivoting at the micro levels. We need to, in order to make sure that this is good enough so that we can keep moving and like we're moving so that we can like grow enough so that it even makes sense for us to keep maintaining this other thing. So it feels more like that level of organization right now.
Marcus Irven: Yeah, there's always a little tension between, you know, like our, our current features and problems that our users are having with those versus new things that we're trying to build. So it is just a. Yeah, like Jackson said, just we're constantly kind of weighing those things and one day we'll be working on customer support issues and having to fix some bugs and then the other day we're going to be working on some brand new idea that we have and testing that out. Someday we're going to be tweaking just a feature that people use a lot but it doesn't quite work for them. So we're tweaking that so we're doing all of those things. Sometimes it feels like we're doing all those things at once.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Something to note about that, just because it is honest and you should know, is that it's really fun and exciting about half the time and it's quite painful and overwhelming really. I mean, that just is the nature of it.
Rose Fontana: Yeah. That. It sounds like you're in, like, the exploratory phase, which is fun, but you're holding up the backpack to get up the mountain.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah, Definitely feels that way.
Rose Fontana: All right.
Rose Fontana: I think that's all the questions I have. Thank you so much for, for your candor and ask answering everything.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah. Great. Well, thank you very much. So we're talking to a couple more people, just conversations like this. And then we'll be in touch shortly around next steps. If we do go ahead with the next step, it'll probably be something more like a. A technical whiteboard style interview where, you know, we're not going to have you do leetcode live, but it would be something where we'll give you a problem ahead of time, let you think on it a little bit, and then we'll put you in front of a whiteboard software and be like, okay. How would you architect this beautiful marinating?
Rose Fontana: I love that. Thank you.
Jackson Bierfeldt: All right, well, nice chatting, Rose. And if you have any other questions, let us know in YouTube.
Rose Fontana: Please reach out if you need anything. Thank you so much.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Thanks.
Marcus Irven: Bye.