Lee Harrold: This is. We should have. This should work. So we just call it batch endpoint. And now we're polling for the result. So what we're seeing here is a chart of all the patients with appointments in the next two weeks. So these are all. These. These are all default patients inside of the Nirvana test API. So these three are ones that have good responses. These seven have. Six have different kinds of needs review responses. So these are all sort of through here. Adam, I think this will be for you to use. This is under eligibility checks, hyphen checks, and it's feature flag. There's no way to get this yet, but I'll add a button if we go to the schedule. There we go. All these patients now have. I guess we want weak. Where are they? They're all scheduled for the same time. Okay, we can't. There we go. We see the status on all the requirements on this cart here. Click into Ann Hodges. You know, see what exactly was wrong with it, which makes sense. She was. There we go. Anhaj. Yeah. So there's a demographic mismatch between what our system has, which is this information, and. What nirvana system has. So this is what the user sees and so the user can then click review. This is a new account, that's why that showed up. And it'll take them immediately to this new billing pane on the patient page and Hodge and it'll ask you, it'll tell you what's wrong and then it'll give you, the user the opportunity to go in here and override whatever values. Unfortunately nirvana doesn't tell us like which. Which values are different. And I guess now that I think about it actually this. For this particular issue we might want to change like augment this pane to show user insurance information or not. Sorry, not user demographic information as well as coverage details so the user can change it. Or maybe we should give more actionable suggestions based upon whatever the tags come back. But in any case the user can change these and then jump into an availability prepare portal to learn maybe the user's actual demographic information and update this. I got the info. We're good. Eligible. Oh this, this, this co payment just indicates that we don't know the co payment. So let's add. So if, if any of these are empty like I don't have that. It shows hey, you know, fix this. Okay. So that's the user facing view and then what we can, what we can do is remediate and I, I actually don't know. This is exciting. I haven't looked at this. Oh, okay. This is all. There's also dummy data but we, we can expect to jump in here and then be able to remediate these with the same information. But yeah, I think now I'm looking at this. I think we should also be able to change demographic information if there's, if there's a change, you know, mark result and stuff so it falls out of this. But yeah, I think that that's what will be available by end of. We might want to change. Like, augment this pane, whatever values the patient page, and it'll ask you. It'll tell you what's wrong, and then it'll give you, the user, the opportunity to go in here. Now. You're good. I'm. I'm waiting. I don't think the person's gonna join the call, so I think you're good. Nice.