ewong: Doing good. How about you, Marcus?
Marcus Irven: I'm doing all right. It's a beautiful day here in New York today. Finally getting some like 70 degree weather. So that's exciting.
ewong: Yeah. Yeah. It was warming up the past couple days in Chicago as well, like more so than usual. But then today it's like 40. It's okay. At least there's some sunny. Yeah.
Marcus Irven: Cool. All right, Jackson's at a wedding, so he's gonna miss out, but he'll be back on Monday.
ewong: Okay. Okay. Okay.
Marcus Irven: So I think it looks like I know seems like this week. Was a little harder than last week. But that's all right. I think it looks like you made some good progress and I was excited to see linear or see jot in linear today. Hang them out as. I'll share my screen. At least as a. Like option here. Like assigning the job there as something that's definitely on the way. So that's cool. How are you feeling?
ewong: I'm feeling okay. Yeah, like you said, today was def or this week was definitely harder. It was just a lot more busy because tomorrow is like this big hackathon for one of these clubs that I'm in. And then this week was also like a ramp up for like two other clubs I had to lead a committee for this for this pre-professional fraternity that I'm in. And then there was like some more hackathon planning for this other hackathon that's going on in May. And then of course like schoolwork and all that. But yeah, it was it was fun. It was good. There was also like more like actual issues with the. Linear integration than the GitHub integration. Like just there was, I'm sure you like read the chats in Slack. It was just like really it was really weird. Their documentation is really odd. And I was having trouble. Like building out the authentication paths for like dimensioning and also like assigning issues and stuff. Like it's generally just not very clear on the documentation. Similarly. I wasn't sure like at the beginning because I thought that we wanted to use the same jot worker that lives in Slack. I thought that it would be good to go with plain webhooks for the linear integration. Like basically like what would happen is whenever a comment is posted it would get like the web hook would get hit and then we would it would scan for a substring like app. So if it at jot at all then it would that would that would be the web hook trigger. And then. How to say this then that would be the ingress. So like basically that comment would then get triggered by the web of handler that we'll be catalog would handle it and then send a job get pulled to the thing. But there was just a bunch of problems with that because the substring was quite like a substring. Webmac handler was quite fragile as in like there was no direct like the linear's agent protocol was a lot more concrete at actually making a web hook establishing like the flow of data through like the pipeline from linear to the database to the and then the worker puzzle database and then back to the response. Like there there wasn't even like a clear cut response format from linear as far as like a plain webhook goes because basically like there you would have to just authenticate using an API key and then it would post a comment back as whoever the API key belongs to. So like I think it would be your other API key underneath the username chat worker. So that would be like the guaranteed response every time. And it's not really like. An agent because it wasn't able to do like there wasn't like agent sessions. It would just be like it would you wouldn't have any way to know, oh did Jot see this or like oh is Jot working on this, especially if it's like a really long task in linear for example you would kind of just like send it and then maybe like I would have to you know, I would do the same thing like the reaction thing that we have in Slack and we haven't on GitHub and then like five minutes later than maybe you would get a response. Whereas with Linear's agent protocol you get if you add jot you they there's a polling system that they use. Where. You will pull the worker and then once the worker gets hit it'll immediately set it it'll have to send back a working like token I guess for within like the first 10 seconds of the job being hit or the web hook getting hit and if it doesn't send that back then it's going to say did not respond. Once that's once that once that goes through then linear will know that your agent is working on whatever it needs to work on and it'll say processing the request and then it'll like you'll go through it'll go through. So you kind of have like a a more like native way to keep track of what your agents are doing. And if your requests are actually being sent rather than, you know, having to check the processing logs in the database for example if you want to know if there's any agents that are that are stalling or any agents that are that are hung on some random process. So that's what like I kind of spent a lot of the week doing. And then last night I had some difficulties with the local, the like the local dev because I was there was like some trouble with like the key value pairs in Pulumi and stuff. And then just a bunch of things weren't getting hit because like I mentioned the Slack issue there's two ways of authentication. Like I said the API key and then there's the zero the OAuth token which is the actual token that we want to use to authenticate the. Jot application within linear. And then because there's those two things. Like a 5050 on which one it would choose. And so I. Add the I had like mentions favor linear and favor the OAuth token and then fall back to the API access so it would like let's say the job like the OAuth token is not working for example because like the refresh token is like the function is not working then it'll post as Jotworker via that API key. And then regular at Slack like at jot. Please do this and select that will post an assigned stuff via. The API key because right now the MCP server does not accept anything besides an API key.
Marcus Irven: I posted something in the comments. I don't think that's true. At least.
ewong: According to the documentation can you show me that?
Marcus Irven: Yeah for sure let me see here. Yeah here we go sharing my screen. Tab. All right. Yeah, so this was the linear MCP page down this bottom FEQ county authenticate with my own API keys or OAuth access tokens.
ewong: This is now supports any API. Interesting. I was my the MCP server was failing last night when I was trying to use the OAuth token
Marcus Irven: I've never done it I'm just like this is what the documentation says interesting yeah. So anyway where are things now like what like what is the state of your PR. Yeah.
ewong: GDN 467 is for the like a large part finished and then I just got some like when I open the PR of course job worker listed some issues and I'll have to investigate those some more to see if there's anything that I could fix there. But like it's working at least locally I test basically I set new Pulumi configs in the production.yaml file in or my local production.yaml file and then once I merge those secrets will go into the actual. Real production gloomy config. And then it's like working it's not posting as as. As as anything but jot and I also run into some issue last night where like it was the got was failing to process request every other request so the reason is because I wanted. The linear worker to resume the session from the previous from any previous request like hypothetically there's like a long chain of comments then I wouldn't we wouldn't have to rehydrate the context every single time but you could just refresh the session but because I was testing locally there was like I didn't properly kill one of my Docker containers and so it was there was like another Docker container that was that had a worker that was pulling the job and so it was like I had no idea what was happening so like this Docker container was supposed to pull the job but then it was just going to this container and all the and then this docker container was an old one that didn't have the OAuth access token. So it was just going there and failing and then there was no like. Message back and I couldn't check any of the processing logs so that's took me a while to fix but now it's good. And yeah, I was also like curious what you thought about the config that I set for the linear integration if you look at ticket four six seven there's. The first comment that I left is the config that I currently have
Marcus Irven: so what was the what was the number again four seven yeah four six seven four six seven.
ewong: Yeah.
Marcus Irven: What oh I see. Okay well actually let me back let me back up I think what we ideally do want to use for for the mentions specifically is the job worker not a new worker ideally. Is. Not doable or is there something that. Makes that good and the reason why we want to is because we want the JotWorker want we want that to be sort of our our general conversational agent and as we give it like more you know skills and more context right it's like so whether you talk to a Slack or whether you talk to a linear whether you talk to it wherever you may talk to the teacher we wanted to kind of be like the same agent and have the same yeah same skills whereas when we do the assigning we want that to that'll be a new a new agent because that's going to be a very like go do this task sort of agent I know that's not how you have it today and I think that you know maybe that's okay for the you know for the short term it works but like that's I think the next iteration of the mention one is to use the jot one which. Yeah.
ewong: Okay. Yeah I just yeah I don't I didn't know that I was of the opinion that I was not or I was of the impression that that was not possible just because I thought that can you send me the link that you're on for this DMC Red documentation?
ewong: Yeah because I was not aware that you could do this but I think maybe it would be possible if if yeah if the linear if we're able to authenticate the linear MCP server using. The OAuth token then I don't see why not and I suppose it doesn't suffice to have just the same exact agent config with the same exact agent skills right.
Marcus Irven: It's not ideal I mean we have like duplicated cloud.mds I think that like again for just like you know getting a first iteration working you know we could we could just kind of get it out with this and then treat that as a follow up thing and because there's some complexity there that we need to like work through. So but that is kind of like the thinking behind it right since we're starting to give Jot some memory so like we wanted to remember the stuff that you talked about whether you talked to in Slack or whether you talk to linear and we still have some work to do because we want to eventually also make sure that Jot knows who you are right it wants to know that hey when Eric is talking you in linear it's Eric and Slack gets very confused about who people are all the time I don't know if you notice it thinks I'm Jackson half the time so you know we have we have work to do for sure but that's like the vision is that you get to talk to jot whether you wherever you are to kind of remembers context and all that so again it's not it's not like you know I think that there's still value in doing it you know the way that you have it but that's that's the reason why we want to try to move towards towards a single a conversational agent and then like more single purpose agents for other like tasks. Yeah, that makes sense again like I think when we talked about this a week or two ago right we're we're figuring this all out you know what works and well that's kind of the what we have in mind for now.
ewong: Yeah no that's all that makes that makes total sense to be to be clear like the the flow that you want. Is so you at. Then right now how that works is when you tell jot to do the you know like create this issue in linear right it'll authenticate using your API key to use it'll authenticate it'll use the linear MCP server using your API key and then post issue assign all that stuff yeah under Jot Worker username but what you want is to switch. The slack linear MCP connection to use the jot OAuth token so when you go at jot in Slack it post you can mention it or you can like. Have it issue passed to people under the jot username and then also we'll be able to at jot in dimension but then when it assigns tasks to like when we assign tasks to jot like as in jot take care of this then that'll be another like worker that uses Opus I presume to actually do some specific tasks.
Marcus Irven: Yeah I mean some of the stuff is details that I don't have like strong opinions on like whether you know the MCP you know when it's going through Slack whether it's using the jot oauth or different one you know it's it's not. I think the thing that the important piece here is that you know if I talk to jot and slack and ask it for hey go investigate this issue right it goes and has a set of skills and set of tools at its hands that goes investigates an issue. If I I might want to do that from linear too right I might want to go hey shot can you go you know somebody someone created a bug ticket right am I going to say hey Jock can you go research this and like find out like all the people that were affected by whatever and we wanted to have like that same kind of set of. Tools but we also like might might want to say I might want to ideally in the future right maybe this is like a few months down the road go to linear say hey John remember that that issue we were talking about you know is this related you know like that might be something you want to do in the future so just like that that like consistent consistency across the different surfaces that we might want to talk to job. But again you know. This that's like kind of future stuff that we'll figure out you know we'll evolve our way into as we go. I would say this Eric just as some concrete next steps here. Let's just think what you have and let's get it into production I think that you know it's it's it's a separate agent that's fine it has value we can we can see that the pipes work maybe that'll even be fine long term I don't I don't know. Let's let's go ahead and get it so if you have it working I think actually I'd like to see a demo if it's possible.
Marcus Irven: Yeah but let's give that into production and then the next thing that I do think is is kind of there's a little bit of an urgency around is the assigning is do you think the assigning is going to be much more work at this point?
ewong: I don't think so. To my understanding from what I was like from the from the design that I was doing at the beginning and also the reading of like just reading it after the implementation of 467 last night. I think it's as simple as. Because it already has all the permissions and the authentication was kind of the hardest part it's yeah I think it'll I think it'll be relatively quick.
Marcus Irven: Yeah so I'd say that's the next step because that is that is going to unblock us from being able to start actually giving tasks to Jot for it to go do which is going to be a huge huge unlock for us and that's one of the things I want to start working on in the next few days is like that that that side of things like having jot do stuff so that would be the next step and then I think we could discuss the prioritization around you know using the same job or maybe we leave it like this for a little while or whatever, but I think if we could just like close this out get it working. And then get the task assigning that would be like huge.
ewong: Okay got it just as a like clarifying question so. The assigning of task right now in GDN 467 it details it as doing some like not actually doing any work but just like a proof of concept can we get this message back and like I'm assuming it'll be something like don't return anything don't actually do anything just post a done message to linear do you still want that or do you want
Marcus Irven: yeah yeah I still want that and then then it'll hand off to me and I'm going to do the take over the work of making it do some things because we're going to have I think we're going to have it like use some sandboxes from a company called modal for doing actually coding and like being able to run tests and things like that there's some yeah it's just one of those things that I want to take on try to sort out the complexity there. But but yeah just if you can get it kind of hooked up then I can take it from there.
ewong: Yeah and just just so that like the config doesn't get screwed up before I hand it off to you buy by task and by work you mean like actual is that within linear just scoped within linear or is that yeah yeah you want it to be able to like. Post okay like do this do this work like research this this issue across you know our past 200 linear tickets and then post an analysis in Slack or something.
Marcus Irven: Well you want that out I think that the so if we think about I think there's like sort of I think that's what you just said is like more of a mention thing but we're assigning is going to be actually like go do this work right and then and then update the task when it's done kind of thing update the status so I think that's that's what I would just do for now is just like you know put some stuff and then update the status and linear to like done. If you get that to work then I can take it from there and actually have it do the actual whatever the work of the task is okay I see.
ewong: Okay. Got it. Have that all written down.
Marcus Irven: Okay great I'll be I'll be around this weekend feel free to reach out also I want I just yeah wanted to give you feedback really really appreciate the communication this week I thought that you know that we both Jack and I both really appreciated that and thought it was great. We always felt like we knew where things were we did a good job of setting expectations also it was just some you know fun kind of back and forth which was good felt like you're part of the team so so I hope it felt good for you too but it felt it felt good for us to let you know.
ewong: Yeah agreed I agreed the communication was was something that Android this week as well.
Marcus Irven: Cool yeah. Anything else like on your mind Eric do you have any questions or thoughts?
ewong: No I'm doing good. It's just a it's just been a busy week so I'll I'll let you know when I get to it I'll update you as soon as I'm able to and.
Marcus Irven: Yeah all right sounds good we'll have a great great weekend and we'll talk to you on Monday if like I said I'll be around psych if you need anything yep we'll do Monday yeah.