Nathan Peereboom: Hi, Margaret. How are you?
Margaret Cook: Hey. I'm good. How are you?
Nathan Peereboom: Good. Good morning. Did you have a nice weekend?
Margaret Cook: Yes, Yes, I did. I did. How about you?
Nathan Peereboom: It was. It was good. I was a little disappointed by the. By the football game last night. You know, I thought it didn't have as much pizzazz as I like, but. But other than that, yeah, it was a great weekend.
Margaret Cook: Cool. Yeah. So I. I don't. I don't do football, but I heard it was very. I heard it was very boring, so. Yes, on the radio, they were talk.
Nathan Peereboom: Yep. Yeah, very boring. Very expected. Are you a Bad Bunny fan?
Margaret Cook: No, but I heard.
Nathan Peereboom: But I heard.
Margaret Cook: Yeah. I mean, not, you know, I'm not. Not a fan. I heard you did a great show, and I, you know, support all of that, so. I. Sounds like he did great, but. Yeah, not. Not listen to him, but, you know, theoretically. Sounds cool.
Nathan Peereboom: Totally. Well, well, thanks for hopping back on. I'm excited to kind of walk you through what we have for credentialing. I think that that was what we wanted to spend some time on today. Is that right?
Margaret Cook: Yeah, credentialing and also. Yeah, just seeing what you all can do as far as, like, billing.
Nathan Peereboom: Great. Okay, cool. So what I'm going to do first is. And, you know, I know that we've covered a lot. We covered a lot in our last conversation, so I'm going to use this time to really just kind of walk you through our offerings. And as we go through, please just let me know if you want to stop. If you want to, like, dive into something in particular, all that good stuff. All right. All right, perfect. So if I remember it correctly, you are in a situation where you're. You are trying to get credentialed with a bunch of. You're trying to start Moving from the MSOs to your own kind of, like, practice. Is that right?
Margaret Cook: Yes.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, gotcha. And you're not working with a credentialing service quite yet, is that right?
Margaret Cook: Correct. Right now, I only use headway, and I'm looking to. They've been fine, but, yeah, like I said, looking to. To. To leave them sooner or.
Nathan Peereboom: All right, cool. So we have this service called Jot Cred, and it's for people who are exactly in your situation. They're trying to make the transition from an mso, like, headway into their own private practice where they control the patients that they acquire, the way that they run the practice, their own. You know, I mean, I guess you control your calendar now, but, you know, they can, you know, you control everything about how you organize your EMR, how you do billing, how you interact with them, etc. The, you know, the, the problem with, for many people is that they're not credentialed with the insurers that allow them to abroad. Base of patients say, hey, you found me through ZocDoc or you found me through my website online, I can actually see you.
Margaret Cook: Sure. Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: And so even though you're ready to see patients, you haven't gone through this kind of annoying 60 to 180 day process of getting credentialed.
Margaret Cook: Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: And, and if you're not credentialed, you can't get paid. This happens a lot where people think, oh, I'm credentialed with headway to United. That means I can see United patients on my own.
Margaret Cook: Yeah, I understand all of that. I've been through credentialing for like the past. Like, I, I get all of this. So. Yes.
Nathan Peereboom: Got it. Okay. Okay, perfect. So here's what we do. We collect and organize all your provider documents. We set up and maintain CAQ profiles, We submit applications to every payer, we follow up until they're approved, and then we track expirations and credentialing. So that's like, that's the whole service. All you have to do is like basically send us your documents and see patients. Like, that's all that's on your, your plate. Usually we take like one week or so to collect all of these documents. You know, we'll collect, you know, all the things that we need and, and then we'll submit the applications. That takes around two to three weeks. And then we chase until it's approved. There are three different kind of prices for this or three different steps. So most people will start out just doing like the setup and the, you know, the per pair kind of submission. But then we also can do maintenance where we, you know, keep tracking every credentialing you, you know, in case anything falls through the cracks. And so how many, how many payers are you looking to be credentialed with?
Margaret Cook: Everything. Let me see. Pretty much all of the major ones. Not Medicaid, not Medicare, just everything I have now for continuity. So that's like Cigna and United States Blue Cross, Blue Shield or Anthem. What else? The major ones. And then there's like Oscar Optum. Yeah, what is it? Center. Yeah, those ones.
Nathan Peereboom: So around like 10 less.
Margaret Cook: I think it's more like 5, but basically just continuous. I don't need kind of like no more, no less than what I have right now.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, cool. Yeah. So it sounds like the pricing for you for just like setup, you know, would be around like 18, 1900 dollars. And you know, well, you don't even need to be walked through this. You know, that, that is, that, that's, you know, good because, you know, it allows you see patients. So, you know, the reason why we are, you know, a really strong credentialer is a few things. One, you know, obviously, you know, we're an AI company, so we do a lot of the, you know, relentless follow up, the, you know, the document generation, you know, even the phone calling using a variety of, like, humans and AI. We're specialized. All we do is, you know, folks in behavioral health and we keep you updated in a really, really clear way. So, you know, this and then the other. Big benefit is that when we have all of these, like, documents, we're able to set up your Jotbill, you know, apparatus, which is really great. So, you know, in terms of what jotbill is, and I think that this is probably what you're even more interested in. Yeah. Drop Bill is the way that we essentially, you know, run your billing using AI. So we take in all of those documents that we got through credentialing, and then we build your note formats and an audit system based on those documents. And what's great about that is, you know, the documents you get, the contracts you have with your payer have all of the actual requirements that they use when they're evaluating whether they pay you or not, because that's the only way it works. And so when we have those documents, what we're able to do is make sure that we're, you know, using really, really high coding accuracy. The claim matches the note, the note is audit proof. And again, we use AI as well as human beings to do this. Yeah. So from your experience, the Margaret experience is actually very similar to, like, the headway experience in that, you know, you show up into JOT psych eligibility has already been checked for the patient that's part of the service. We write you a, what's called a payer aware note, which means that, like, if you're seeing a CIGNA patient, the note is specialized for, like, what CIGNA requires.
Margaret Cook: Mm.
Nathan Peereboom: Then you sign the note in shots, like, and then you're done. And we, you know, obviously report out to you on, you know, the whole situation financially. But really, our belief is that you just want to practice clinical care. And, like, we take care of everything else. So I won't go through all of this. But for the billing service, we charge right down the fairway, 6 to 8% of collect or, sorry, 4 to 8% of collections, depending on what you want. The credentialing is like its own separate thing.
Margaret Cook: Okay.
Nathan Peereboom: And then to get started, what we. My recommendation to get started for you would just be actually to start with the credentialing. I think that that probably makes the most sense. Now, if you were already seeing patients and you had, like, a bunch of, like, bills that you wanted us to look at, we do a job bill analysis, but, you know, you know, we could look at your contracts or something like that. But I think that the first step for you is the credentialing. If you actually, like, want to get rocking and rolling.
Margaret Cook: Can I pause for a sec?
Nathan Peereboom: Sure.
Margaret Cook: So I'm gonna. So we're saying about like submit my sign the note in jot Psych.
Margaret Cook: So like we talked about, I use practice queue for my emr and I, for the time being at least, I do plan to stick with them. So if I so as far as headwind goes, like with them, I sign off my so it's the same thing. They have their own emr, I don't use it. Submit my notes through practice queue or whatever it is. Would that be the same thing where assuming I stay with PracticeQ and I know you offer EMR and I'll definitely check that out, but if I stay with PracticeQ, can I just upload those notes from there and then it's the same thing from there?
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. Most of the people who use JOT psych use us with another emr. That's like the most common way to set it up. The flow of the notes though is from JOT psych to practice queue. So we don't take notes from practice queue into our system. Except unless we're doing like an integration or we're doing a one time pull of that background data. But whether you click sign or just complete, the point is that it's at that point we know that we're ready to go and, and do billing.
Margaret Cook: Okay, cool.
Margaret Cook: Yeah, So I just. So I upload that. So it's basically the same with headway. So I upload the notes into JOT psych.
Nathan Peereboom: That's right.
Margaret Cook: Okay, cool.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah.
Margaret Cook: What?
Nathan Peereboom: Well, I'm sorry, you take the note on the. Your. The note is created in JOT psych. So you're not taking the note from headway into JOT psych. You're taking the jot psych note back into headway or back into like into queue.
Margaret Cook: Okay. And then where does it get uploaded for, you know, like to submit for the claim? Where does that happen?
Nathan Peereboom: So if you're using us for billing, that happens in job site.
Margaret Cook: Okay.
Nathan Peereboom: So you can still say, hey, my EHR is practice queue. But, but the note, we do need like a note that is like the system of record note in JOT psych. Right. In order to like, you know, make good on our promise to like protect you from audits and write appeals for you and all that.
Margaret Cook: Okay. And that's not to say system of record. So that's not like. I guess I'm confused as to what the difference is between that versus like, you know, Simon O's regular. And then like, I don't know if what I'm saying makes sense just like uploading it somewhere does. You see what I'm saying? I might be not explaining what I'm. I guess I'm just. The disconnect is like notice signed as per usual. Then I upload the same note or I have to do like, you know what I'm saying? Does what I'm saying make sense?
Nathan Peereboom: Totally. Okay. I think what you're gesturing at is like, is that you're. I think you're asking like, is there duplication? Like, do I basically have two systems of record? Right. And the answer is sort of because even though we're not the place where you might have like your full schedule and you know, keep all your lab orders and like, even if you don't want to do that with us, we do still need to know that the thing that we are submitting based on, you know, the note that we're writing, the claim for, the note that we're using to litigate claim, if we have to litigate it is like the final note. So it's like you kind of have to be on board. Like we can't have like one note in Child Psych and then go to your EHR and find there's a totally different note and then have like an insurer.
Nathan Peereboom: Like, like, like kind of see that. Yeah. So what we would ask of you is that we just do a straight transfer. We don't like take the Jossic note and then edit in your EHR and then have two different notes. But the note does exist in both systems if you're using two systems.
Margaret Cook: Yeah, yeah, yeah. I mean, that's the same with headway, you know, that's exactly. Exactly what I do. You know, I do the note, it's in my email, and then I just upload it there so they have it just in case, I guess, of an audit or whatever.
Nathan Peereboom: Right, Exactly. Okay, cool. So, yeah. So Margaret, how, like, how is this sitting with you? Like, like, what are you kind of, where's your head at right now? I know that this is like a lot to, to kind of see, and I know that we started talking about credentialing and now we're talking about kind of like the end of the billing process. What is, what is resonating? What are you like, what are you feeling like that's not right.
Margaret Cook: Yeah. I mean, so credentialing, very straightforward. You know, that's sort of like a finite, you know, like a closed ended, you know, your credential done right. You know, I mean, that's not like an ongoing process. So that's pretty, pretty clear. Pretty straightforward. Yeah, it's just the, the bailing piece again, I'm trying to, you know, I think it makes sense. I mean, I guess it sounds like not too much different than headway. And I mean that in a good way because at least I'm credentialing myself. I mean, it sounds, it sounds kind of comparable in the sense that, you know, I sent you my note, just same note, and then you take care of it and you manage that from there, right?
Nathan Peereboom: Yep, that's exactly right. And the goal here is we want to do a really like, rich job of like, kind of advocating for you to get like, you know, to grow your business. Really, you know, like, we want to make sure that we are looking at the details of these contracts telling you which patients are most ideal for you to see, helping you understand, like, you know, where you're getting underpaid or overpaid, where insurers are lagging, you know, and you might need to like, kind of, we might need to call a representative and be like, hey, you know, there seems to be like a three week lag in, you know, CIGNA claims. Like, why is that happening? So it's a really, really like in depth attention and white glove service to this particular part of your practice.
Margaret Cook: Cool.
Nathan Peereboom: So just in terms of timeline, where would you like, like, is credentialing something you'd like to start with? Because, you know, as I mentioned in the email last night, like, we're, we're happy to kind of kick off that process for you if you'd like.
Margaret Cook: Credentials. Yeah, I mean, definitely. Like I said, I need some time just to review it. And to think about it.
Margaret Cook: But yeah, I mean, you know, credentialing, obviously the first step. So for sure. And I guess I had one other question too.
Margaret Cook: And again, we get to this just sort of jumping all over the place. But I know, you know, talking about your priorities, and you said, white glove service. Lovely. And I think I mentioned this last time, but one really big priority for me is the patient communication. Because one thing I do like about headway is that, you know, there's an issue with the bill, you know, this and that. I just say, you know, can you reach out to Headway to deal with that? Or I said, like, I can reach out to headway on your behalf.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah.
Margaret Cook: But I really like to be hands off. So same thing. So if that happens, then, you know, what's the process? You know, do I say, let me put you in touch with someone from Jotsych? Is there like a human being that they can confer with?
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, so that's totally something that we could, like, set up an arrange with you. Interestingly, it's not what everyone wants. So it would be something that, you know, we would probably work out with you, but if that's important, like, we can totally do that. You know, as you know, we already have, you know, patient payments in jot Psych. So from a patient's perspective, in terms of, like, intake, like, getting the information in, we can, like, help you set up, like, the forms and all that, but we aren't, like. We aren't like a remote front desk or, like, scheduling, collecting insurance paperwork and things like that.
Margaret Cook: I don't want that at all. I'm very concerned about my schedule. I don't want anybody messing with that. It's more of just like, just the financial piece, like a question with a bill. That's.
Margaret Cook: That's all, you know.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. So we can do that. That. That's totally within our scope.
Margaret Cook: Cool. Okay.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah.
Margaret Cook: And there'd be, like, a human being, you know, I know y' all are AI love it, but there'd be a human being that they could talk to if needed, because that's another. That's not a great thing about headway. They don't really have very poor customer service. Like, could they speak to a human being if they need to?
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, I mean, not like 24 hours a day. Like, um. But, you know, it's similar to the way that we do customer support, where, you know, they would have access to a chat, they'd have access to our email, and then they'd have always access to schedule time with us. I mean, I think, you know, that, like, we have all these calendly links, like, all over the website. We love talking with customers, so we would make that super easy for your folks as well.
Margaret Cook: Awesome.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah.
Margaret Cook: Cool.
Nathan Peereboom: Margaret, what else do you need from me? How can I give you more information to kind of, like, help make this decision? I know it's like, it's sort of a big decision. Um, and obviously, like, the first step is, like, sort of easy and the form of the credentialing. Um, but. But yeah, like, as you're thinking this through, is there anything where you're like, man, I wish Nate could give me X, Y, or Z if I could just.
Margaret Cook: So I'm more of, like, a visual person. So if you could. What I would love is just to have all of this, like, written down so I could review it that way.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, that sounds perfect. Okay, I can send that over. Um, in terms of the credentialing, the one thing I would say is whether you use us or you use, you know, someone else, you just probably want to get that started as soon as possible because it is one of those things where, like, it just takes some time. And so I wonder if, like, you know, maybe we could touch base again maybe, like, on Friday, like, after you've had some time to think. Because if you would like to use us for credentialing, we. It's in our interest to get that started as soon as possible for you.
Margaret Cook: Yeah, for sure. Absolutely. Yeah. No, that sounds good. If you just send me the information so I can just review it and just make sure that I'm wrapping my head around it correctly. I would love to just go over it and give it some more thought.
Nathan Peereboom: Awesome. Okay, cool. And then could we grab, like, 15 minutes on Friday after you've done that, just to, like, kind of tie a bow on, like, where. Whatever you've decided to do.
Margaret Cook: Yeah, for sure.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, cool. How does, let's see, 1045 Eastern Sound this Friday?
Margaret Cook: Friday. Actually, it's probably. Let me take a look. The next few weeks are a little chaotic because I'm moving offices 1045. Yeah, I can do that, actually.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, awesome. Great. Okay, so I'm going to send a bunch of this information over, and we'll talk again next Friday and. And then, you know, we should be in a great spot. I'm really excited, Margaret. I hope that. I mean, I think that this could be a really, really cool way for us to serve you. And, you know, even if all you want to do with us is, like, credentialing, like, that's still, like, a great outcome, you know, in our minds, because we love having more people on jot. Psych. We love, like, supporting people, you know, just at an ethos level, like, building their own practice, building their own, you know, clinic and. Yeah, we'd love to help you with it.
Margaret Cook: Yeah. Awesome. Yeah, I appreciate it. I'm definitely interested in. Just love to review more and shout some more.
Nathan Peereboom: All right, awesome. Thanks so much.
Margaret Cook: Of course. All right, well, I'll see you next time.
Nathan Peereboom: All right, take care. Bye. Bye.