Gioia Garden: For actual fun.
Christopher Hume: I am a little concerned that you think with my spare time.
Gioia Garden: I'm going to Fargo. I don't know, Chris.
Christopher Hume: Have you seen the movie?
Gioia Garden: Yeah.
Christopher Hume: Hopefully it's not like that. Okay? What I think. First of all I want to do, Joy, is just. We already talked through kind of like big picture, the role. Just wanted to show you the bonus structure, just so you're aware. Just walk through it, see if you have any questions. Then I'll throw it in docusign and send it your way. And then. We can go through sort of what your role is going to be for maybe this week and next week and longer term, what the goal and expectation is. So first, let's do the fun part about bonus. And then. Too small. So this is how it works. Oh, my God. Is that really small on your screen? Sorry.
Gioia Garden: It's pretty small, but I can.
Christopher Hume: Yeah, that's better.
Gioia Garden: Thanks.
Christopher Hume: So the idea is, in addition to providing customer support, we want you in, like, a position as, like, a friend, especially given your background in therapy and behavioral health. Like, you're there as kind of an ally, just telling them about people stuff we have. And of course, we want you to be compensated for that. So if you're on a call, someone's like, I don't know how to make my template. You often through the template. Then you're like, hey, do you do eprescription? If you book them a meeting.
Christopher Hume: To sell eprescription and they convert. So if all you do is book, you get 15% of their first month. If you book them a meeting for E prescription and host that meeting. You get 50%. And then if you look at that meeting, host that meeting, and then you do all the work and get them swipe their credit card. I'm not even involved. You hit 75% of their first month. So the thing that we want to thank for this about is. Jot bill. Yeah. Excuse me, John Rx. So the eprescription jot bill. So the billing services. If someone's like, oh, my God, I do need a biller, then they end up becoming a billing customer. We expect it to be about, like, $450 per seat. When someone converts to billing with us. So again, it really depends on how much support you provide. But we want to make sure you're incentivized. And like, if you're turning normal customers into higher paying customers, that that's something that adds on to your comp.
Gioia Garden: Cool.
Christopher Hume: Additionally, the other two places you could see this opportunity is if you're talking to someone and they're like, oh, God, I think my colleague could really use this. And you're like, oh, do you want me to join the group? Let me get them set up.
Christopher Hume: You get the first month of this new person if they didn't have an account of their new. Of their got psych subscription whatever percentage and then the last thing and there's defined print. If someone is like a true paused. True. Paused. User trialer that canceled their account, they never paid. And they go through the two week automated flow so they're like truly paused. Not just like, oh, I haven't swiped my card yet. Then again, you get the percentage of that first month.
Gioia Garden: Okay?
Christopher Hume: Does that make sense to you? I just want to. It's kind of important. I know, like, the whole reason people do sales and growth and customer support side gigs is for the. The compensation. So I want to make sure that it's kind of clear.
Gioia Garden: Yeah, that does so and I think that's my, my question was sort of like, seems like with some of these, it would be like someone's already a paying customer and I can to expand their usage and payment for like. That makes sense. So I'd get the like a percentage of that first month of that. Use the question for me. And I think that's this just answered it. So someone is maybe, like. In their trial period. Let me just read this, Verde. Trialing customer to pay does not count towards the bonus. Okay? Pause. Trialers must make it through the those two weeks before conversion is eligible for bonus, okay? Okay? Okay, cool.
Christopher Hume: Yeah, of course. I would love if, like, six weeks, 12 weeks, whatever, from now we come up with something like, okay, Joy, I want you to call every customer we know, the average customer does. We want you to call every person who hasn't created a note yet. If you can get them to create five, there's a bonus there.
Christopher Hume: But we want to minimize complexity at the beginning. So if they convert and you're responsible for it, you get a certain percentage, call it a day.
Gioia Garden: Great. Cool. That sounds good.
Christopher Hume: My only question for you is once. I mean, and I don't expect you to be doing this your first couple weeks, of course. You're getting used to all the other stuff.
Christopher Hume: But you start booking these meetings, let's just. If you could track them. Yourself as well. I'll be tracking them, but it starts to get a little chaotic when I'm, like, scraping stuff from the calendar and I'm looking at who you've called, and I just want to make sure. Like, I, like. My goal is, like, you know, I'm a company guy, but I want to, like, the goal is that you get paid for everything that you deserve, if not a little more. So, yeah, if you could just do me a favor and, like, be the double check on that. I always want to make sure that we're taking care of you.
Gioia Garden: Yeah. Cool. Okay, so that's good to know. That it's part. It's like, I should be tracking this. Yes. Cool. Okay. Okay, this all makes sense.
Christopher Hume: Okay, cool. So the next two weeks, Joya. You're going to start taking over front. I think we're going to be doing it together for a little bit. And then, like, hopefully by the end of next week. And I actually still need to reach out to Ryan, but I'm hoping that he'll be supporting as well, and we'll see how we split responsibility. You'll take morning, he'd take effort, vice versa. You take afternoon, he takes morning, and then. We'll be routing all of our calls through you, too. So you'll be responsible for, like, those customer support calls. And of course, if you're like, oh, this looks like it's someone, a huge group, like, ring the bell for the first couple weeks. Chris, can you join? But if it's someone who's a solo provider, Yeah. We just know that the first couple meetings, you're probably going to have to smile and nod and say, I'm going to get back to you with some really detailed answers here.
Christopher Hume: And that kind of is what it is.
Gioia Garden: Cool.
Christopher Hume: You want to hear something crazy? So we went away. Probably need to stop saying that. In a behavioral health space. Something really interesting is we on retreat? Last week the engineers built an automatic response draft or automatically drafted response for front.
Gioia Garden: I've been tracking that.
Christopher Hume: Yeah, it's good. Super cool. So, really, it's going to be like you're going to probably how we're going to do this starting tomorrow. You're going to review, be like, hey, I made a few changes, made it seem a little bit more like a human. What do you think of this? And then we're just going to send it together, and next week or the following week, like, The robot is going to take the spot of Joya. You're going to take the spot on me. And really, all you're doing is reviewing, making sure there's nothing, like, super awkward or super like. I'll show you one that I found a little awkward that I just saw.
Christopher Hume: And then knowing when something's, like, a technical problem to elevate to the engineers, or, like, when someone's really mad to elevate in slack and be like, hey, it looks like we have a problem with a big customer. It needs to get taken care of right now. Okay. Does that sound good, Julia?
Gioia Garden: Yeah, that sounds really good. Can I see real quick what these contingencies are on this document? I just see a little title.
Christopher Hume: Yep, yep, yep.
Gioia Garden: Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Christopher Hume: If, like, we're not going to wait for you to start, like, that's why we do the two week thing. But if you could. Thanks for reminding me. We do like to just talk to a few references for all employees. So if you could share those. I'll just chat with them via 5 to 10 minute conversation.
Gioia Garden: Yeah, I can do that. Since I've been self employed since like 2019. Can I give you, like, professional colleagues? Yeah.
Christopher Hume: I mean, not. I mean, probably bad to say this on as we're getting recorded as we're onboarding you, but, like, this is truly checking a box.
Gioia Garden: We're super comfortable.
Christopher Hume: I just realized this weekend, like, oh, shit. We're supposed to do this as company policy for everyone, so.
Gioia Garden: I see.
Christopher Hume: Make sure we do it for you as well.
Gioia Garden: Yeah, cool. Maybe. Yeah, cool. They'll probably be other therapists, so maybe you can also.
Christopher Hume: Yeah, exactly. It's a true one. Okay, cool.
Gioia Garden: Sweet.
Christopher Hume: So this is one where, like, I find it a little off putting. That? It says, we hear you.
Gioia Garden: Hear that?
Christopher Hume: So I think I probably say, hi, Margaret. And I'd probably just say, 75% failure rate and electrically unacceptable. And we're starting dealing with this.
Gioia Garden: Okay? But, yeah, seriously. These responses it's drafting are good. Like pretty.
Christopher Hume: I think my. So I think we also probably shouldn't say they'll need to be re recorded. The sessions that error out. Yeah, this is just like. Yes, this is very good, but this is an extremely difficult thing to respond to.
Gioia Garden: Rerecorded. We're not able to cover the audio that didn't transcribe. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Okay. One of the features, your most recent record for that appears to process. And have you double checked that that. That's correct.
Christopher Hume: No, we'll need to. So this is what I'd probably be like. Hey, let's check the entry.
Gioia Garden: Okay.
Christopher Hume: That is so tough. All right, well, let's look at. Hopefully it has some easy ones. Oh, my God. I think we probably just, like, I need to check, like, I didn't design this, but I think we probably don't want to say we've identified a bug in our note generation pipeline that's something technical. So I think probably. And so this is like, starting probably tomorrow. I'd want you to go through and just like, gut check, make the changes, and then we'll have a 15, 10 minute call and just fire them.
Gioia Garden: Sweet. That sounds good.
Gioia Garden: And if you. If you have sort of like, double check that it's accurate in terms of. Because sometimes it references like the past one was like. But the good news is, like, the most recent recording was. Was successful.
Christopher Hume: Yeah, we definitely need to check that. Yeah.
Gioia Garden: Have you noticed? So, okay, so have you noticed any errors with that?
Christopher Hume: Or I have. I have. This is. Right. Now is my first time seeing this.
Gioia Garden: Oh, I see.
Christopher Hume: Okay. Cannot reply. Hiker steering measures. Back to this. I come back to this. Ooh, this is wrong. So it does delete the transgress. Ion.
Gioia Garden: Okay? Because it automatically deletes the transcripts, right?
Christopher Hume: If you delete the note, yeah.
Gioia Garden: Yeah, okay.
Christopher Hume: Oh. My God. This is such a. Let's see what we got. Assigned. I just want to see how much damage. Oh, boy. So conversation closed. That's wrong. Need to fix it. This is one I would probably say joy as like for the next at least couple months. If you see Liz, I may just do that. Chris, can you answer this one? There's a lot of, like, relationships and stuff like that going on here. So my psychiatrist, if, like, they're emailing us, just be like, chris, could you jump in here?
Gioia Garden: Okay? Does. I mean, milo.
Christopher Hume: Yeah. Reaching out regarding your outreach. No, thank you. It needs to stop saying, we hear you. It was really bad when we first created it. This person. Like, I. Or we sent it with, like, some. Some fake, terrible issue, and it was just like the first sentence was heard, period. Where like. No, don't say that. Hi. Combine two different kinds into one. And of course, today with the text we're playing we've thought it this for prior theme. Here.
Gioia Garden: Okay? Sweet.
Christopher Hume: Save. This height, we've lost our parting in this kind of direction, so we go. Okay. Already responded to Heather. Why does it have to. Some reason I cannot send forms to one patient. It keeps changing. Date of birth, current date. I can so force everyone else who knows. Not an issue. I'm Martin. That's a weird one. With moa. Been so long trying to get this guy into the paying customer. I was checking to see if he's converted. Okay? Yeah, I sort of think that. He's going to need quite a bit of finessing at the beginning. Oh, my. God. But I think it will help. So I don't know why it created. Two. So I would go. So the changes here not going to say anything about is an issue. Or digging an RN or check your notes list. Still may still appear there. Positive passage. Yeah, I think. I think she said she's lost all her notes, but, like from 8am to 10am but let me show you what I'm looking at. She hasn't lost all her notes.
Gioia Garden: Right? Right. Yeah. Okay?
Christopher Hume: Try to see where she's based. She's based in san antonio. Just an hour behind us, so nine. Yeah. So it looks like actually receptions are here. Hi again. We're starting to break your notes this morning. I'm going to flip those records are before we take an hour. And it's worth checking your notes. List name. That's the app. Kim. We're sorry to Hear your notes. Ms. Marie missing. Now, important circuits are before you take it. All right? We're checking your notes. List. Second take your notes session exploring HTTP there by task here so taking there now. Okay? Ready to respond to this? Oh, we'll just say, great news. This is so funny. It tries to, like, schedule people to meet with us in literally every meeting.
Gioia Garden: It's very calendly happy.
Christopher Hume: Yeah, very calmly happy.
Gioia Garden: I was noticing that I had remembered you saying, like, you know, we want to minimize how many people are really trying to schedule.
Christopher Hume: Yeah.
Gioia Garden: Yeah, yeah. I'm still looking at your admin panel. Can you go to your. Friends. Swee. T. Yeah. What do you think of this one?
Christopher Hume: Let's see if she canceled her account. I think we just gave her the 50 bucks, even though Nate hates doing that. I think, to be honest, you'd probably be like, hey, Chris, what do I do here? I'd be like, I want you to have to make that decision. Because we try not to do refunds because we still get charged the processing fee.
Gioia Garden: Yeah, yeah.
Christopher Hume: I'm just going to go over the 50 bucks. Okay, So I don't think we need to do this, like, as painfully. I think you kind of get the gist of this, Joy. And we did spend two weeks doing this together. So any questions off the bat or anything like that?
Gioia Garden: No, I mean, I think it's something that we'll just still take some reps getting. I know there's going to be tech stuff that I'm gonna have to be learning. I saw that Becca posted something about, like, a customer support. Doc. I think she, like, just looked like it was in some thread. On slack.
Christopher Hume: Maybe you're a better person than I. Joya, I'm starting to lose the bubble on all these threads we've got going on here.
Gioia Garden: Customer support. FAQ recorder V2. I guess it's just about Recorder that. Yeah. Do you see that? Sort of pinned to the top. So. Yeah, I guess. Like, my main thing is it's going to take some practice, some exposure. How do I. I know I'll still be going to you with a lot of questions. Customer support stuff. Do you want me to, like, take a stab at the drafts in the morning?
Christopher Hume: Yeah. So let's. Yeah. I think the goal is going to be we meet at, like, 10. And if you could, I'm not sure you, like. An early person, late person, Kind of both.
Gioia Garden: I could do 10 year time, 8 my time tomorrow.
Christopher Hume: Okay, but would that give you enough to take a crack before. Before the meeting? Air. Do you want to do, like, 10:30 so you can do.
Gioia Garden: Yeah, let's do 10:30.
Gioia Garden: That'd be great. Yeah. 10:48, 30 my time. That's great. Sweet. Two drafts.
Christopher Hume: Yeah, and then we'll do another one and try another question.
Gioia Garden: Sweet. And then is there somewhere I can get up to speed on, like, how shot our, like, John Rx Jot Bill like, how do I, how do I actually talk to people about.
Christopher Hume: This.
Christopher Hume: That's a good question. No, no, there definitely is. Emily's actually working from D.C. today, and she's actually selling that to customers right now. So I'm going to ask her what resources she's been using. And then I'll send those to you. All right, cool.
Gioia Garden: Or even if I could just watch a grand video, that'd be great.
Christopher Hume: Oh, yeah, Let me see. Emily had a good or Becca had a good one today. Is the weather crazy in Colorado today?
Gioia Garden: Today is sunny, but we got. We got snow yesterday.
Christopher Hume: Oh, okay.
Gioia Garden: The 80. It's supposed to be 80th end of this week. It's crazy.
Christopher Hume: It's not healthy.
Gioia Garden: But today's kind of cold, but sunny, so it's fine.
Christopher Hume: Not healthy. Yeah. So I think how this is going to start, Drua, is I'm going to ask you to take a first crack at cleaning these up. Then we're just going to try to send them together. And we're going to try to probably by like, mid next week, get our meetings to be just like 15 minutes. So you've already done it. And then we just escalate what needs to be escalated. Yeah, and then we're also going to. Set you up with a calendly. So you can start taking over those calls as well. So first. Yeah, we're just going to rotation right now. Let me set you up with an account. And this is going to be, like, actually the best thing ever when I take myself off customer support thing.
Gioia Garden: Yeah, I'm excited for you. You've got bigger fish to fry.
Christopher Hume: I am also. Definitely. I still get fried. It's just angry customers. Or customers who. It's way worse if they leave.
Gioia Garden: Let me see.
Christopher Hume: Yeah. Do you have a few minutes? I know we're going over.
Gioia Garden: Yeah, I do. I've got my next sessions. In 15 minutes.
Christopher Hume: So I've got.
Christopher Hume: Let me just add you and get you added to this and we do our check in tomorrow.
Christopher Hume: And then do you want.
Gioia Garden: Last week you said around, like, 10 hours per week. Do you want me to try to aim for that?
Christopher Hume: Like, 10 hours? You'll see in the contract, I think I said initially 5 to 10. I don't want you to feel, like, pressure to hit 10 every week. I think especially with the automatic email writing. Like, it's going to be a slow wrap up. Like, we're going to want you to get familiar with this.
Christopher Hume: We're going to see how many meetings, customer support meetings we can route you to. And then, like, if things are going well, like, I'm happy to just keep wrapping. You up. There's always, like, customers, support stuff.
Gioia Garden: Sweet.
Christopher Hume: But, yeah, don't. Essentially, when we. If. If Ryan decides to come on. To. It's not going to. We don't want to kind of the first couple weeks are not going to be churning and burning. Sorry I have. You plans. Back. One of our customers try to set up Callum, buddy. I'm like, where's the button? Okay? Marcus jackson. Oh, yeah. There's no need to torture you by making you want to do this. So I'll get you set up tonight, and I'll let you know when you get the link. If you could just sign up for Calendly this evening. All tonight or tomorrow. Or make you the person on the customer support. Also send you the contract. And then if you have any. If you would just send those three references. No rush. Again, I'm super comfortable. Everyone's super comfortable. But it's just checking the box thing. So if you get this to me by, like, Wednesday, Thursday. I'll take care of calling them Friday and early next week.
Gioia Garden: Sweet. Yeah. Cool. I think that's it. Great.
Christopher Hume: This is going to be really great. We're really excited to welcome you aboard. I'll make sure. You haven't met anyone on the team but me yet, have you?
Gioia Garden: No, other than just doing those pitches to.
Christopher Hume: Oh, yeah.
Gioia Garden: Meat. Meat.
Christopher Hume: Yeah. Everyone was like role playing. I'll make sure to set up a situation where you can start some engines to team. I think especially Nate and Adam and becca. Those are going to be the people who. At some point, not every, hopefully not every customer support ticket is going to get escalated to me forever. So I want to make sure, kind of you're comfortable with them. So if and when, like, I'm traveling and you need to reach out to them, they're not like a stranger. So we'll set that up at some point in the next few weeks.
Gioia Garden: Cool. That sounds great.
Christopher Hume: Awesome.
Gioia Garden: Thanks, Joy. Thanks, Chris. Yeah, I'll talk to you tomorrow.
Christopher Hume: Yeah, tomorrow. Bye.
Gioia Garden: Bye.