Nathan Peereboom: Priscilla, how are you?
priscilla.ann.sinclair: I'm doing well. How are you doing today?
Nathan Peereboom: Good. Oh, my gosh. You look like you were in a beautiful area.
priscilla.ann.sinclair: What is behind you? It's la.
Nathan Peereboom: Oh, okay.
Nathan Peereboom: Well, I mean, LA is beautiful, but I would have pegged you for being in, like, Monaco or something like that with.
priscilla.ann.sinclair: All right. Looks like that. It looks like kind of what, the Adolphe. The coast?
Nathan Peereboom: Kind of the Amalfi coast. Exactly.
priscilla.ann.sinclair: It's just the corner of my apartment. Looks like that. It makes it look a lot better.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. Well, listen, it's so nice to meet you. I don't think we've ever met before, have we?
priscilla.ann.sinclair: No.
Nathan Peereboom: So my name's Nate. I'm the CEO and co founder of Jot Psych. And I am really excited to just be in your world and to understand a little bit about what you're looking for. I guess for these calls, typically we just get to know each other a little bit. I'd love to hear the kinds of patients and clients you work with. What your journey has been, what you're looking for in the next five years. And then I can do whatever you would find helpful. I'd be happy to walk you through the software. I'd be happy to talk to you about our billing options. I'd be happy to. We could talk about credentialing. Really, whatever.
Nathan Peereboom: Here's the thing to know. I started Jotsyc because my mom and dad did a huge amount of documentation. And what I discovered was that the problem in the medical world, in behavioral health. Is that the documentation world? And the billing world are not really talking to each other.
Nathan Peereboom: And so what happens is you get notes that don't justify the claims. You get claims that are submitted and denied. You have long cycles where you're litigating or fighting an audit because those things don't cohere. And we're now in an age where that doesn't have to be the case anymore. And I can show you how we do this, but we want to be the defense, the shield. For you as you go and try and grow your practice. Work with many insurers and feel safe. And feel secure that you're getting paid for the fair work you do. And you're not at risk of getting a claw back. Those are the two things that we are really wanting to be our kind of product, and we do that. In all sorts of different ways. But that's kind of the introduction. That's why we're here. That's why we do what we do. That's a little bit about me in a nutshell. Would love to hear about you. Tell me about your practice. Tell me about your world.
priscilla.ann.sinclair: Yeah. So I work primarily clients from Massachusetts right now, kind of working. I live in California but work in Massachusetts. I started out there and now I'm kind of opening up more practice in California. I used to work in community health setting firm and then started to venture out and do my own practice and so again soft launch instead of doing fully my own. You have done through growth therapy and headway, which has been good because it's like they help with the kind of deal. A lot of the same kind of things that you're talking about. Like, billing was one of the things where I was like, I don't have time for that and don't want to think about it or, even, like, credentialing. And that was kind of, like, one of the primary reasons I was using them. And then now more so for, like, kind of note taking. Note taking, scheduling, having everything like one place and. Other main things, kind of like those AI resources as well. So for, like, my private practice. I see. I don't know. Quite a few places. I do therapy and medication, treatment. And what's called because I cross the lifespan. So youngest clients, probably six oldest generations. Most problematic problems with practice is kind of the constant changes with notetaking or those requests or like, even billing questions of, like, how to bill, what to bill for. And even like, what you can bill for and even that documentation. So I see that as a constant issue also with like, credentialing or billing, what is like, negotiation rates, but also like, yeah, even fair payback of like, how much taken out, how much not what other things. What I'm hoping to do in the future is fully launched to my own complaint practice, where it's completely like billing credentialing notes and everything's all taken care of in the house under one roof. And the things I see about problematic with that, which probably the questions that you're. You're looking for is I would love assistance, like all in like one house. As you said, like the note taking matches up with the billing requirements and even knowledge about that. Because I do understand that aspect of knowing what is needed in your notes to actually be coherent with the claim, but also like not wanting to do too many too much of your notes and take too much time doing that, but also using AI to kind of fill out those notes or have, like, auto populated things, but also like the communication between those two sources as well. So that's pretty much kind of my practice of me in the nutshell of what looking for and probably some of the questions you're looking for, what you can help with. Okay.
Nathan Peereboom: So do you currently use job site?
priscilla.ann.sinclair: No.
Nathan Peereboom: You don't. Oh, okay. Okay, gotcha. Cool. Well, why don't I. Why don't I give you a little tour of the software? And then I'm going to make a recommendation at the end. But I think that the best way for you to kind of, like, see what's here is just to see the software. That's what everyone wants, right? One other question, though. When you think about your private practice, what is the constraint in you starting can you know the MSOs, you know they take 20 to 30% of the bill. Like, what is preventing you from just, you know, you're in la. I'm sure I have an amazing reputation. You're talking to people all the time like you're someone who. You're keeping patients who are from Massachusetts, they must really love you in order to do the times of, you know, like. Like what is preventing you from just having your own clinic and keeping more of your revenue?
priscilla.ann.sinclair: It's basically like the time. The amount of time it would take to understand billing and knowing it and making sure that keeping up with that.
priscilla.ann.sinclair: Having hiring someone that I actually trust to do that kind of. That's, like, more so, like, the aspect of it too. So, like, kind of launching that, like, trying to get admin, that's another thing. So also, like, yeah, getting the knowledge to understand billing too, where I understand enough of it, where I understand, like. Like, like a little bit of coding, but sometimes they change things up or, like, what the changing requirements of notes and claims and submitting them. I'm like, I will not keep up with that. And that would be, like, way more on top of my plate. But also the resources I do get with, like, headway and growth therapies, trying to figure out like outweighing the balances of like. Again, they do all the building and credentialing, but also have upgraded like a lot of their software of like note taking where it does do the AI with NN and so they are updating to kind of sync with that because they're actually looking at the discrepancies of claims that they're not getting paid. Also with the clawback, I don't have to deal with clawback with them. I automatically paid. They'll eat the cost for it too. And kind of the follow up with insurances, same kind. Of thing. Scheduling. I'm like, they are doing marketing for that I have to market. But I don't think that's too much of a problem, to be honest. Like, most of my clients earn from through them anyways. I don't actually have any, like, taken in your clients from them. So those are like, the main things. It's mostly like that kind of aspect of even the software, of having it all together and having all those resources that I also have to pay for. Like, I don't have to pay for admin, that they're already paying for billing as well and doing the claims. And everything.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, let's say that you had the infrastructure for your own private practice tomorrow.
Nathan Peereboom: How many patients would you move over? Would you be seeing? What would be your weekly census on your private practice? We were going to start, like, tomorrow.
priscilla.ann.sinclair: If I was to everything, like, I wouldn't do that. Like, to be honest, it would be a slow move over just because, like, knowing myself, I'd be, like, too overwhelming and trying to, like, organize it. But if, like, everyone over, I have probably a caseload of. How many? I'm saying 3, 30, 20. Like a hundred clients? 150.
Nathan Peereboom: And you would bring them from the msos. Okay? Well, okay, great. Well, let me just walk you through kind of what we do, and. And then we'll. We'll go from there. Does that sound good? Okay? So. Should this? Oh, last question. Are you credentialed? To have your own practice.
priscilla.ann.sinclair: Yeah. Massachusetts. Wise, California. I have to have a supervisor, so I have that. But I don't see any clients in California right now.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, so. Job, Bill is, I think the. The base, the product that you're interested in.
Nathan Peereboom: It's hybrid AI and human billing engine. It's end to end. So we do credentialing. We do, you know, eligibility checks. We write your note for you. We audit your note. We submit the claim. And we appeal until the cows come home and you get paid. We've scribed for over this numbers old. It's like 2.3 million encounters at this point. And we have human beings that you can talk with every single day, should you choose. The experience of being a clinician on jot, Bill, is simply that you're in jot psych. You take a note, you know, you do an encounter. Get the note, you give it your thumbs up and sign, and then you're done. And we give you a full, you know, workup of exactly, like how much, where your money is. What you're billing for, what we're missing and how we can improve every single month. So you should think about us as, like, almost your financial advisors when it comes to this sort of situation. So at every point in the journey, we have brought the latest and greatest coding tools and AI tools to bear. So when we do eligibility checks. We use APIs, we use human callers, we use AI callers. We get the best information for you. When it comes to writing the note. We've taken all these public notes from the ama. Cms, Apa Aetna Optum Cigna, and we've synthesized a bunch of rules that corrects the note before you sign it.
Nathan Peereboom: And of course, you have to, like, kind of give the thumbs up because we're not going to, you know, do something that feels out, but. But the point is that there's no AI scribe in the entire world besides us that is doing this specifically for behavioral health. After we generate the claim, we submit it, and then we appeal. If there's a denial using the whole patient record we own in the system. And then, of course, you can do cash pay and all that very easily through us. I'm going to. Instead of going to pricing, I just want to show you the experience in the software. So this is jotsyc. It's basically an AI scribe that has every feature of an EHR and an rcm. So you simply click start recording. We also think you prescribe, but I'll set that aside for the moment. But when you get a note, what you are delivered is obviously like a fully structured note. And you can completely customize this. We've got, you know, templates that you can play with. But more importantly, you're given an audit where we basically say, hey. Priscilla, this is what we think. Based on our AI model, your note should be coded as and these are the things that you're missing based on that, in order to get reimbursed by the pair that this particular patient is using. So it's uniting of payer specificity. And counter content and exactly the rules that you change and give us through your documents. So, you know, when it comes to seeing your entire world, You can see all of the things that you and your payers want to happen in every note. You can order them so that you know, if you want to see. Hey, you know, do you do add on psychotherapy?
priscilla.ann.sinclair: Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, you can probably do it, right? So you can see how compliance is changing over time for yourself. You can modify this, you can see what it's in violation. And so the whole point here is that you can do everything that an EHR requires. You've got. Labs, forms, you know, eprescription, arbitrary documents. And, of course, notes. But it's all within the lens of you needing to, you know, to have a note that is ultimately defensible to an insurance company. So this is kind of the backbone. And, you know, we try and price in a way that gives you all the choices. So, you know, if you want us to, you know, at the highest end, We're doing every single thing for you. You know, we have. You have a dedicated billing manager. We're interacting like we're collecting payment from your patients. We've got, like, we're looking in your bank account and making sure. Hey. The contracts that you have with the payer is up to date with the national standards. Your note is incoherence with the requirements of that contract. Your claim is in coherence with the note. And then the ERA and the bank account are also all in a line. So the idea here is we want the thing that hits your bank account to be the best from a national standards perspective that you could possibly get. But there's a whole line of things that can go wrong before that. You know, your contract's not up to date. That no action isn't billing at the top of the license. The claim doesn't cohere with the note. The ERA is for partial payment. It's technically approved, but it's partial payment. And then, oh, by the way, actually, when the money hits, it's not what the ERA says it's cheap. So at every point in that line, you have risk.
Nathan Peereboom: So we have the ability, because we're technologists and because we hire experts in this to provide insane coverage on that chain. And that's exactly, like, why we exist and why people love using us.
Nathan Peereboom: So I guess I'll just stop there. Let me pause. How does it sit with you? Is that the kind of thing that you're looking for, Priscilla?
priscilla.ann.sinclair: It is like. I do have some questions about it, but it is what I'm looking for for Ventula.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, I'd love to answer your questions. What's coming up for you?
priscilla.ann.sinclair: So with like, say, like clawback claims or claims that don't go through, how do you handle those? How do you like, handle the. Even for like payers or for position. What's your turnaround rate for payouts?
priscilla.ann.sinclair: And I think also following up with clients say, like, if the insurance doesn't match up, kind of like the eob, their benefits don't match up with what they're actually what was actually stated at the beginning. How you handle those situations with clients.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. So in our system, we hold all the insurance information, all the clinical information. And what that means is that when we get a denial back, we can turn it around in, like, 24 hours, because we don't have to use people to write and search and find. Like, our database holds all of that data together. So what we do is we explain what the denial is. If you're interested, although you probably aren't. You probably just want the denial to be appealed and be done with it. But the point is that we take on that turnaround and we don't get paid to where you get paid. So you know the way our system works. Thank you. The way our system works is that thanks for the coffee?
priscilla.ann.sinclair: I was like, thanks for the coffee.
Nathan Peereboom: Isn't that nice? I didn't even ask him.
priscilla.ann.sinclair: Chris.
Nathan Peereboom: That was so nice of him, I didn't even ask.
priscilla.ann.sinclair: Too. I think it's funny.
Nathan Peereboom: But yes. So the point is. What's the point here? Two things. One, we're incentivized to get you appealed and paid as fast as possible because that's the only way we make money. Two. It's machine driven, so we don't have, like, a human backlog that's slowing that down. And three. I told you only two points. But three. But three. What that means is that we want to disperse your money to you as fast as possible. So you can choose the cadence of that disbursement. What we recommend is like one week or two weeks or something like that. Because of the regulations around billing companies. We're not allowed to do anything with your money. So we can't, like, putting enough fund and, like, get a little return on it. We have no interest in holding your money. At all. It's just like. It's pure. Like, we just need to get it out because that's the only way to get paid. So that's the speed thing in terms of the eob. And you know, patient payments. You know, this is why we do hyper vigilant eligibility checks. Most eligibility checks simply ask are you in network and ad network and is the patient active or not active? But the actual thing that you want in a, in. In an eligibility check is three things. One, active coverage. Two is the CPT code that I'm about to bill for. Is that going to be covered? And then three. What's the fine print? There's always fine print. I promise you, there's always fine print. So you want an eligibility check system that is absolutely minimizing the amount of litigation that happens at the very back end. And that's what. That's why eligibility checks are so important. And that's why if you get them wrong, You're in a really, really hard spot.
priscilla.ann.sinclair: Which makes sense. And then again, how is it handling? Like the patient. Like the patient interaction.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, so patient interaction is really simple. So if you want. If you need to request payment from a patient, you simply go like this. And you can see, like, you can configure this in your settings. But it basically just says, like, hey, you just saw Priscilla Sinclair. Here's a link. Please pay your $20 copay or whatever it is. And it's through, Stripe. It's through like the most bread and butter Blue Chip. Payment system. So really, really pretty plain Jane stuff. We're not doing anything special on patient payments. We don't even take a take rate on it. We like, we, we take zero revenue on the patient payments because in our view, we're like, this is such a well understood problem. We're not trying to innovate. There. We just want patients to have a link. They can pay for it. Go straight to your bank account, that's it.
priscilla.ann.sinclair: And if like patients like opayment, like, how's that deal with. It's like, does it relate to me? Or it's like, are they like, not bad, but it's like their accounts on hold until they're able to pay, like, payment or like, how does that go for like officially scheduling?
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. So this is one of the things that you have to kind of work with our team on, because everyone has different philosophy about it, and this is a pretty white glove service. So what does that mean? Some people have the view that they shouldn't see a patient unless they've already paid for their copay or whatever. Some people have the view of like, hey, you want to know the running ledger? And we just show them that ledger. The rules around it are configurable. You just have to tell us what you want. But right now, it's like the default is set up where you're just able to see. It's. I don't have any patient payments on here, so it's not going to show up. But if you go to build patients, Oh, I do have these apps, and this is what you see, so you see what's paid. You see the amounts? And you can download the PDF, you can, you know, view the invoice, you know, yada, yada, yada.
priscilla.ann.sinclair: And again, not any questions.
Nathan Peereboom: Well, I tell you what, Priscilla. So I have to run.
priscilla.ann.sinclair: I was gonna say same thing. I'm like, I only have a few more minutes.
Nathan Peereboom: Like two more minutes. Let me ask you, though. Is this something where you want us to just, like, set you up and, like, let you kind of. I mean, is this something that you're interested in, even working, like one pair, three patients? Because that's what my recommendation would be. It's like, we send you an msa, you move three patients over, we start billing for that pair. And then if you want to move others, great. And if not, you don't have to. But our belief, our sales strategy. Is. We don't. We really believe that the best sales material for us is just experiencing the product. There's nothing better than experiencing the product. So I'd be super happy to set you up. If that was interesting to you.
priscilla.ann.sinclair: I'm interested, but I would want to look through the product more and see if there's any more questions I have before I move forward with that.
Nathan Peereboom: Well, why don't we do this? Why don't you? Do you already have an account?
priscilla.ann.sinclair: No.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, so why don't we get you a free account? And why don't you just play with the software for the next, like, week? And maybe we could touch base a week from today, and we can just talk about whether you want to move forward with, like, trialing with, like, a few patients.
priscilla.ann.sinclair: Okay. Finally do, actually. Do that two weeks from now.
Nathan Peereboom: Sure.
priscilla.ann.sinclair: No, it's going to take me a while to look through that.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. Sounds good. All right. How does 1:30pm on Wednesday the 18th sound?
priscilla.ann.sinclair: Is that Eastern or Pacific coast time?
Nathan Peereboom: Oh, I'm sorry. That's Eastern. So that would be.
priscilla.ann.sinclair: Actually works easier for me to see. Could you do 145? Sure.
priscilla.ann.sinclair: Yeah, that works.
Nathan Peereboom: Priscilla. All right. Great. So I just sent you the invite. Let me know if you've received that. Did that come through on your side?
priscilla.ann.sinclair: Not yet. Which email you're sending it to.
Nathan Peereboom: I am sending it to. Priscilla.ann.sinclairmail.com.
priscilla.ann.sinclair: Okay. Okay. It just came through.
Nathan Peereboom: Awesome. Okay, great. And then. Yeah, Priscilla, just get started. Go to johnsite.com, click, start a trial and let me know. I just texted you. So you have my phone number. It's my. It goes to this phone. It's my personal number. Just a text if you have any questions or you need help, okay?
priscilla.ann.sinclair: Okay, Sounds good. And you're on Eastern time. Just making sure you're where you're from.
Nathan Peereboom: Yes. Sorry. I don't know why that happened.
priscilla.ann.sinclair: Toastler's like. Okay, bye. Bye.
Nathan Peereboom: Bye. Yeah, no, I. I have only slightly more social grace than that, but just a little bit. Okay, awesome. Sounds good. Enjoy the software. Jump in, use it, and let me know if you have any questions along the way, okay?
priscilla.ann.sinclair: Okay. All right. Thank you.
Nathan Peereboom: Hope you have a good day. Take care. Bye. Bye.
priscilla.ann.sinclair: Bye.