Jackson Bierfeldt: I think Marcus is going to be joining us as well. But we were just in another meeting. That was hanging over, so I'm just confronting with him. Okay, great. How are you doing?
Nathan Lee: I'm doing well. I'm doing well. How about you?
Jackson Bierfeldt: Good. How's the quarter progressing? Wait, it's March. So are you in the beginning of the third quarter right now?
Nathan Lee: No, we're actually wrapping up finals. Or this is our week before finals, so it's crazy because I flew down to SF for a hackathon, so I didn't get this weekend to finish up all the work I need to.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Oh, no. Which hackathon did you go to?
Nathan Lee: It's the yc browser. Use hackathon.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Oh, so cool. Wait, was it using their Atlas browser?
Nathan Lee: Was that the. Yeah, it was using their browser. It's super cool stuff. Yeah.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah. Did you win?
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah, we actually got third. That's so cool. What was the project?
Marcus Irven: Yeah.
Nathan Lee: So we built something to optimize. All right. There was, like, two parts of the project. We built something to kind of, like, optimize the Web agents, like, the amount of steps it takes. And the way we did that is there's this company called Laminar that essentially looks at. The browser uses web agents. And then what we did is, like, ran like. Like, a ton of agents were able to essentially find what works and what didn't work for the trace. We made, like, a confidence heuristic to figure out the good traces, and then we essentially told the new agents to copy that path and what was cool was that we made it so, like, our idea is that like, every user who use a web agents gives us their data to, like, make this huge network graph to demonstrate how web agents can like, navigate the whole Internet. So, like, the more people that use the web or our tool. The. I guess the faster every single person's web agents becomes because, like, it's like, ways like, it's like, yeah, like everyone contributes.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Congratulations. That's fun. And it's so definitely worthwhile to skip out on finals week a little bit for. I know you have a lot of stuttering to do, so we'll just kind of jump into it here. I want to introduce you to my colleague Marcus, who's our head of Engineering. And. Yeah, I mean, we basically just want you to give, like, a quick presentation of your project, and then we'll ask a couple questions and go from there.
Nathan Lee: Awesome. Would you like me? I don't know if you guys saw the demo, but would you guys like me to do the Fold demo again?
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah, so I saw the demo. I don't know if. Marcus, did you have a chance to watch the video already?
Marcus Irven: Yeah, I watched it. It was a week or two ago. Right, but it's maybe like. Like a summary.
Nathan Lee: Yeah, yeah, maybe.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Maybe like a quick. A quick catch up on it.
Nathan Lee: Okay, cool. Yeah. So I think the way I approached making the harness was one where it's a collaborative workspace. So I think the two main things I focused on is just some harness that is one, able to copy and export templates without having to have, like, a bunch of merge conflicts, things like that. Because obviously, someone who's not technical is like, those are pain to deal with, even if you are technical. And then the other thing is like the notion workspace. I also try to emphasize that because you guys said notion was your guys's brain. So I wanted to make some notion file structures such that like, it's able for multiple people to work on the same clinic. And I did that using making a notion agent for each template. Or. Yeah. Each template. I think the. The other thing, that other key, like, detail I implemented was that, like, when you copy a template, can I share my screen?
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah, please.
Nathan Lee: Okay. All right. Sorry. I'm trying to pull up my.
Jackson Bierfeldt: No worries. We're on customer calls all day and asking customers to share their screens. So we're very familiar with waiting for someone to figure out the screen share functionality.
Nathan Lee: Okay? Let's see this. Awesome. So oop on the wrong folder. Sorry.
Jackson Bierfeldt: I think we're just seeing your browser. Here, so I don't know if we're meant to be seeing.
Nathan Lee: Sorry about that.
Jackson Bierfeldt: No worries.
Nathan Lee: Okay? Oh, my. God, this is. Okay? Now can you see? It. All right now.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yep. Yep. Now we can see everything. Great.
Nathan Lee: Sorry. My. My folder accidentally got deleted when I was, like, cleaning up stuff.
Jackson Bierfeldt: That's why we have. Git.
Nathan Lee: Sorry.
Jackson Bierfeldt: I said, that's. That's why we have get, okay?
Nathan Lee: Yeah. Yeah. So let's. Let's say we. Want to make a new template. Let's do a starter template. What's cool about this or which I. I think is unique. Is that it actually copies it into. Sorry. It copies it into this projects folder. Which. Is git ignored. Which is nice because now that means that no one that anyone developing using the harness can just, like, essentially work in the harness folder. And that's nice because you don't have to go out. Of the folder or anything like that, and you can just do all your development in the job site harness. And what's nice about it is that it's also. The projects folders in the git ignore. Which means that. That all your work done in the harness will not be touching the GitHub repository. So anyone that's not technical doesn't have to accidentally, you know, upload any of their folders to there. And then that also makes it so you can just export the scaffolding and the structure of your project. Back into the Templates folder. Another thing is like on expert feature, if you start adding new directories, it just exports all the exports like the the main scaffold and then also the new directories to make the new template into the export folder, which is into the templates folder, which is really cool. Hopefully this will make its project. So I think my wife is really bad.
Jackson Bierfeldt: That's okay. We're following along. Great. Is. Is it okay if I go ahead and start with some. Some questions here?
Nathan Lee: Yeah, perfect. Sorry.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah, no worries. So what was the part of this that you thought was the hardest for. For you to figure out? Like which part? Did you spend a lot of time evaluating different alternatives?
Nathan Lee: In. Obviously, like, the first thing, like, wrapping up mind around, like, how to. You know, make a collaborative workspace such that, like, everyone can contribute to it and not have, like, you know, merge conflicts. These. All these problems on their own end. And I think, yeah, I solved that by, like, figuring out that, you know, what's the only thing that's going to change? And the question is people want to be to have, like, a shared repository of all these different templates. So that means that the only thing that should be changing is, like, the amount the new or the different templates that are going to be in the templates folder. So that was like the kind of the, the, the main issue I wanted to wrap my head, my head around. Once I laid out that groundwork, I thought, okay, so that means that everyone should be able to work on their own project. So we can have like, a projects directory and, like, not push it back to the repository and have, like, this little thing that essentially just exports each template back into the projects folder.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Okay, great. Go ahead.
Nathan Lee: Yeah, that was, like, the main problem. And then the. The other, like, big issue I spent a lot of time with was just the notion, Doc, being able to, like, essentially create, like, a file structure where multiple people can contribute to the same clinic.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah. So let's actually talk about that a little bit more because one. And you know, one common use case of this is let's just say I have a harness project called Template Customization, right? And I'm working on Bob's clinic. I might go to markets and say, hey, Marcus, I've, you know, been working in Bob's Clinic.
Jackson Bierfeldt: I have 75 files in there, bunch of PDF, bunch of Excel files. You know, I've. I've been having Claude, like, make these artifacts, and I want to hand it over to Marcus and say, hey. I'm going out of town next week, but Bob's clinic, you know, still needs some work on it. Can you take over this project? How. How do you think you know the best way to actually handle the transfer or the syncing of the specific data? That we don't want version controlled, but we do want multiple people to be able to work on together. What do you think would be like some good extensions to this project in order to start handling that use case?
Nathan Lee: It's a good question. You said you don't want get control, so you don't want do you? You don't want anything going through notion or at all.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Well, no, I mean, it could go through Notion, but, you know, once you get to 75 files, maybe that's fine to go through Notion, but let's just say now there's a thousand files.
Jackson Bierfeldt: You know, like, do we want to sync every one of those to Notion every time? Like, what are. What are. Our options for something like that.
Nathan Lee: I don't know if Notion does this, but I'm assuming that you can put all the files into a zip file and then put it into Notion, and then you can have someone else grab it. I don't know if that is possible. I think something like that, there's definitely a way to do that, to, like, compact all the files into something, put it up into notion and grab it. I think that could be a pretty standard way to do, especially because then the way the notion agent works is I'LL find that correct clinic you can associate it with.
Marcus Irven: What. What would it take to, like, extend your harness project to support that?
Nathan Lee: What would it take to extend it? I think. I mean, do you mind if I try? Like, could we say, like, can you make a zip file of. Like like the data and send it to Notion.
Marcus Irven: Sure.
Nathan Lee: Let's go. To. I have to make a new. Actually, I don't have a project set up right now, but I don't. I mean, I'm assuming that you can just tell the notion agent to compact all the data into a zip file and then send it to. Notion.
Jackson Bierfeldt: No, that would definitely work. And for, like, a handoff. Like I just said, I'm going on vacation. Marcus, take it over. That would definitely work. What about the case now where Marcus and I both need to be working on Bob's clinic?
Jackson Bierfeldt: All the time.
Jackson Bierfeldt: You know, I do them in the morning, he does them in the afternoon.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Every single day, you know, two people. There's a third person on the team now that needs to access it. Probably, like, downloading and uploading zip files is going to get a little bit complicated there.
Nathan Lee: So what.
Jackson Bierfeldt: What else can you imagine as far as extensions to this to start, you know, actually, like, bringing files into sync in a way that doesn't necessarily involve, like, git tracking them?
Nathan Lee: I don't know. I, I, I, I feel like. I feel like having. Like, or I, I tried to, like, frame it in a sense where, like, the notion agent will go get context on whatever is going on in that clinic so people can work on the same project at the same time. I think if you're, if you're referring to, like, oh, you don't want them to. Keep grabbing off the zip files and then unpacking them and then redoing or getting. Getting context. I think a big thing that you could do is while you're sending the zip file, you send an additional notion file that has like, essentially the context of everything that is necessary about that zip file. So you don't have to go and re unpack that zip file. You can just grab the notion. Grab the notion or the sorry, the user context on the zip file.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah. And then the agent could decide if it actually needs that zip file or not Exactly. Yeah, exactly. Yeah. Yeah, that's interesting. What do you think about notion? What was your experience? Because you did set up, like, an actual working demo at one point with Notion. Right. What was your experience of working with Notion, and where do you think the limitations are?
Nathan Lee: I think. I personally really like it. I think the MCP is extremely useful. Like really useful. I think I did mention the demo. Sometimes there is issues finding the the root directory, but that's also depending on how you guys structure it. So for instance you can just like if everyone labels a jot Psych clinic I don't know Company then. Then they'll always find the root directory, and then you can. As long as everyone has a standardized practice of naming it the same way, for instance, like Nathan Clinic, Valcore Clinic, then it does a pretty good job of navigating. The file structure, which is really nice. And then obviously, like, humans are going to have this. Nothing's perfect since it's an LLM, like essentially evaluating where to put it. So you should, like, look into the folder and make sure that your data is actually there.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah. Great. What do you think are the biggest challenges for adopting this? You know, if I, if I were to take years, your project right now and go to our 15 person team, a lot of whom are non technical, and I would just say, hey, this is our, this is our new strategy here. Like where do you, where do you anticipate the most friction coming up.
Nathan Lee: I think first that, that first initialization of getting the harness and getting used to the, the template structure, because I'm assuming everyone has a different tablet structure right now, so being able to essentially like, either export their template back in or like copying their contents into a new template, which I think the best method is to like clone the harness and then move your file contents into the Projects folder and then try to get Claude to help shape your thing so it matches like our starter template and then export it back, because then I think that will kind of reduce the friction just a little, especially because those templates are probably very useful. But the way that we have our templates set up like the Dot Claude and everything else is, I think, a pretty standard structure. And it'll make it more organized in the long run so the templates don't diverge as quickly.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah. How? How would we handle it when somebody comes to us and says, hey. My template. You know, the way that I set this up, I don't even know exactly, but they're like, I have 18 Claude files, you know, in mine. And it works really well because of that. But that doesn't fit into this, like, template structure that that you have right now. You know, how. How should we evaluate when and where and how to make the trade offs between making those changes because something's actually useful, or enforcing standardization in order to make sure that, you know, is in a predictable pattern for everyone?
Nathan Lee: I think that that's a valid template. I mean, I know. I know there's, like. I think Codex has, like. Like agent files per directory. So I think that would be definitely a valid template. I think you would just have to. You can ask Quad to essentially adjust what what gets exported into the Templates folder. So I think having those necessary templates, especially for, like, a specific use case that you guys are probably more familiar with, would be very, very useful for like the Templates folder.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah. So you see it as, like, a pretty flexible system.
Nathan Lee: It's not.
Nathan Lee: It's not too opinionated.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Okay, great.
Nathan Lee: Yeah, the organization thing is just. Sorry.
Jackson Bierfeldt: No, no, no. Go ahead.
Nathan Lee: The organization thing is just supposed to be like a standard thing just to have, but it doesn't have to be a strict file structure for everything.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Great. Marcus, do you have any other questions?
Marcus Irven: What was, like, the biggest thing you learned during this project?
Nathan Lee: I think I underestimated. Like I said before, I spend a lot of time on the MCP part. I think. I think I underestimated how powerful the mcps are. Just having. Being able to just have so much context just that quickly, it's just such a useful skill and accelerates development so fast. I'm going to relate it back to the hackathon that we did yesterday. We set up like a kind of MCPS with like model DB in the notion and like having that context between three different people. It's so crucial to like developing and iterating really fast, at least in my opinion.
Marcus Irven: Like you use cloud code before an MCPS before using this project or.
Nathan Lee: Really? I use the mcps a little. Sorry.
Nathan Lee: No, go ahead. I've used the NCPS a little, just not to the extent I like completely focused and read the document or and just got familiar with everything.
Marcus Irven: Got it. I like the way that you, you know, use BUN to kind of build a command line tool and then, like, gave that context to Claude. Can you talk a little bit about, like, how do you kind of came up with that pattern? And what worked and what didn't work.
Nathan Lee: Yeah. I have it. So, like, you can just link it to the harness command? Or you do like button install and then bunk the harness just because, like, I think having that the commander one is just really kind of cool to do, like harness and then make your own CLI commands. But I think it also just makes it. Interesting for like Claude too. Or it gives one developers like they don't have to essentially do the specific file like I forget the the correct command, but you don't have to like do bun and then the the file path to run the harness command, but you can just do harness new and then that. So I think it gives it, like, a more specific personalization for the harness, if that makes sense. I don't know if I explain my thoughts further than that.
Marcus Irven: It's all for me.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Okay, great. I guess the. The last thing I want to know is, are you using harnesses now for all of your own projects?
Nathan Lee: I actually am now. You guys gave me, like, such a really good idea. My friend was telling me that like he read a paper on how he saw someone like have different perspectives on research agents. So now I'm starting to make this harness that is going to have obviously the same structure that you guys suggested, but then also have like different research like specialization agents to help copy. So I don't have to keep reprompting cloud. Oh. Can you make all these agents again? And make all these agents again? So, yeah. Thank you so much. It was a really, really good experience. Especially because now I know how to build that quick harness, too.
Jackson Bierfeldt: That's great. Okay, good. Well, like I said, let's just talk about next steps then. So, just to confirm. So you are going to be available in a part time capacity throughout this next quarter and then you are looking for a full time summer internship opportunity.
Nathan Lee: Yes, that's correct.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Okay, great. I just wanted to make sure that I was up to date on that. And any. Any updates there as far as, like, how your capacity is looking?
Nathan Lee: No, nothing's really changed too much.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Okay, great. So Marcus and I were meeting with another intern on Wednesday.
Jackson Bierfeldt: I think you know who went through the same process, so we should be getting back to you. By next week at the. At the latest around. You know what, what our next steps are. What's your final schedule? This week is final, so this week is finals prep.
Nathan Lee: This week is finals prep and then following or this week is just regular classes, and then next week is finals week.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Next week is finals week. Okay, great. Okay, great. So I think you have plenty to do in the meantime. You're not waiting waiting for us, so we'll get back to you quickly, though, as far as we have, like, more information and additional questions, and then I'll have someone reach out to you. Shortly around getting you the $200 for doing this assignment. And again, we want to just, like, thank you for. For all the time and effort you put into it.
Nathan Lee: Thank you so much.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Any other questions for us?
Nathan Lee: Yeah, I just want to go back earlier because I don't think I explained any of my thoughts clearly on the bun part to Marcus. Is there anything you wanted me to clear up?
Marcus Irven: There. No, no, I think I follow. Thank you.
Nathan Lee: Okay? Awesome. Sounds good. Thank you so much. Other than that. No, not really.
Marcus Irven: Yeah.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Thank you. Awesome. Nathan, thank you so much.
Nathan Lee: Okay. Thank you so much. Have a good one.
Jackson Bierfeldt: You too. Bye.