Christopher Hume: How you doing? I'm doing well. We're in the WeWork in DC today and it's just freaking beautiful.
Lee Harrold: Where is it in DC? Into Pont Circle area?
Christopher Hume: Yeah, it's right in Tupac.
Lee Harrold: Yeah. That's super gross. Sorry, how do you hear that?
Christopher Hume: No, no, you're so good. Okay. Let's just walk through the changes I think we need to make. So if we can do them together live. And then go from NCAT, what looks like copy and pasting into Jane and see if we can just load up a V1. I would love if we can do it together now just crash for 30 minutes. Okay, can you pull up the template prompts? I'll tell you what we're trying to do and we'll see what happens.
Lee Harrold: Or do you want to do vice versa? Do you want me to.
Christopher Hume: Yeah, that sounds good.
Lee Harrold: I just had to remember what we were doing. Yeah. Okay, so who's the name? What's the name of the people where it's Buffalo, not Healing Circle? So what's the name of the organization?
Christopher Hume: I don't think I named their org, but the woman's name is Nicole.
Lee Harrold: With NICHOLE required. Yeah. We're up. Let me share my screen for you. Right, so you, when you try to just like didn't work yesterday or you haven't, you didn't, you haven't had a chance.
Lee Harrold: At least in the first.
Christopher Hume: Day. So let's, can you share your screen? Yep.
Lee Harrold: Great minds think of likely.
Christopher Hume: All right. So I think. The first thing we're going to want to do is just like duplicate it. So we're playing in a sandbox. I made the mistake one too many times, Lee, of just going straight to the, if you have content. And scroll the bottom.
Lee Harrold: S. All right, which one do we want?
Christopher Hume: You go see more.
Lee Harrold: Organization. Top. I'm sorry on psychotherapy integrative MPX. Okay.
Christopher Hume: And then we should copy this.
Lee Harrold: Okay, how do we do that?
Christopher Hume: Welcome to my health. Yeah, yeah, go back. Go back.
Lee Harrold: Level here.
Christopher Hume: Yeah. Oh, now you go all the way back. Go back to go.
Lee Harrold: Fey more.
Christopher Hume: All right. Now don't click on it, but scroll to the right. Yeah.
Lee Harrold: I don't even know which one it was.
Christopher Hume: It's scroll up.
Lee Harrold: I think.
Christopher Hume: Integrative NP. R click on it though, because then you can't copy it.
Lee Harrold: And to click this copy template button.
Christopher Hume: Yeah, you posted that button.
Lee Harrold: Press that button. Okay.
Christopher Hume: And let's just add it to your account, I guess. Or mine. It doesn't really matter. Let's do it in mind. Let's do it in mind because I'll do the. I have like all of them the same name. Let's try Chris Hume. Okay, let's do yours. It doesn't matter.
Lee Harrold: I'm sorry.
Christopher Hume: I would say I was going to have you switch. I'm so happy you were just a diet customer support and that I have an ally. I feel like I've been. Like the only person triage.
Lee Harrold: Yeah, it is so good.
Christopher Hume: One, your technical expertise.
Lee Harrold: Also just like it's another human brain.
Christopher Hume: Emotional support of like not being naked and afraid all the time.
Lee Harrold: Yeah, there's, there were a lot of tickets just this week. Yes. Like you ever swam in the ocean?
Christopher Hume: Like close to the shark?
Lee Harrold: Oh yeah.
Christopher Hume: Looking all those waves coming.
Lee Harrold: And throwing around.
Christopher Hume: Yeah. Joy is like, what the hell? He was like, I can't believe you guys did this with your regular job. Mejoya.
Lee Harrold: Right templates.
Christopher Hume: There we go.
Lee Harrold: Like integrative. It must have been this one.
Christopher Hume: Yeah, it's that one. Yeah.
Lee Harrold: Okay. So now there's a AI template editor somewhere in here. Edit with AI. There we go. Okay, well, we don't want to do this because we want to prompt directly.
Christopher Hume: Okay.
Lee Harrold: I think so. We discovered last time there was a prompt that like we wanted to proceed. Basically we wanted to say you're writing for your writing. Your output is going to be red is marked down. So please only use ASCII characters. And for line breaks use. At some point to the search for. Yeah, I guess it would pull up RAS.
Christopher Hume: So funny.
Lee Harrold: Here we go. Yes. This is it. This is the prompt that we just had we wanted to use.
Christopher Hume: We're going to end up with the status slack messages back and forth. It's like me like the text messages from customers.
Lee Harrold: Me the direct prompt to add.
Christopher Hume: Yeah, it's just sad com speed to talk about happy stuff too at some point.
Lee Harrold: Okay. So is there any like tone change we need to be aware of where this is all formatting?
Christopher Hume: It's mostly formatting and then I need to add a few sections, which I'll do myself. But I want to I so. Let's go through like the real issues she's having. Can't copy and paste. Oh well, never mind.
Christopher Hume: So then yeah, let's do that. Let's make those changes throughout. Just like fixing the formatting.
Lee Harrold: Okay. And there was there was one that she likes the format of. Right. Which one was that? I think that was assessment appliance.
Christopher Hume: No.
Lee Harrold: There were.
Christopher Hume: That was me. I was saying like hey how come like sell them coffee correctly and some don't but that was actually a different template. So let's just. I think one thing she wants is like a subs of break between each subsection.
Lee Harrold: This section. Contains subsections.
Christopher Hume: Does it actually.
Lee Harrold: Use. A. Line bridge? Use. Okay, so does this does the summary contain subsections? We got content. S.
Christopher Hume: Nope, no subsection. But we can copy that. We can use that in all the other ones.
Lee Harrold: I guess I could just reference the example output. No subsections here. Format and styling. Actually I'll just add this tag to format. C for line breaks in case it wants to use my branc. H.
Christopher Hume: Example outputs are so jacked up.
Lee Harrold: How come is this not what we want?
Christopher Hume: Is that what it would actually look like? I don't think so.
Lee Harrold: This is what is called the example output
Christopher Hume: example output is typically just like not.
Lee Harrold: Oh, it's not used. Okay.
Christopher Hume: Access told me many times that yeah, it's yeah, let's just leave it. We'll see what happens. It hurts my my semi-technical brain.
Lee Harrold: CPI. The patient report detail. Speaking of hurting the brain. Discussions suck.
Lee Harrold: I hate reading it so hard. I'm just sort of scanning right now. Okay cool so there are no. All right there are subsections here.
Christopher Hume: Great lot of time.
Lee Harrold: What a wild note okay there are any text will be a turbidity smart. Er contains subsections. Where are you today I'm in a coffee shop. Self titled lifestyle studio it's called skosh.
Lee Harrold: Another beautiful open place yeah what's what's really cool about skosh is that everything in this entire room is for sale.
Lee Harrold: It sure seems yeah yeah so there's like no one here right now which is wow because on Tuesday this place was packed. Do I'll do a tour real quick?
Christopher Hume: Yeah yeah yeah.
Lee Harrold: Oh wow.
Christopher Hume: This place is wildly.
Lee Harrold: Yeah it's fastly becoming my favorite coffee shop.
Christopher Hume: Do you ever thought about becoming like a Indianapolis landlord or like yeah dude that's so cheap if I'm still in the Midwest. Yeah all right yeah business idea for a different day there's nothing for a different day. Okay yeah let's just see if that helped.
Lee Harrold: What else we got.
Lee Harrold: Oh actually that's probably a good idea maybe before we do this all then we can test those three
Christopher Hume: yeah let's just save and then generate a note.
Lee Harrold: So this is called the area of psychotherapy and next let's also be on next. Again I'm living with is trying to open a. Record studio slash performance venue. And yeah rent for such a for like what was the square footage was insane like you could put 300 people in it and it was like prime real estate next to an entertainment district guess how much a rent for such a facility with two levels like 2,000 a month $5,500 a month.
Lee Harrold: 4,000 for a studio you're like 800 square feet 800 well I'm assuming what's what's here wait really less than that
Christopher Hume: for a studio oh yeah oh yeah two people. Good thing we like each other oh Legion I just see you get confused by the appointment type
Lee Harrold: this isn't possible man who made this?
Christopher Hume: Welcome to my life and I get my my ash dude up faster is about it and I can't even get defensive because I agree like this is objective terrible music but whatever let's
Lee Harrold: you want to generate this I guess I should
Christopher Hume: oh yeah let me actually give you some good like a good content to throw in there I have one off. There like three instead.
Christopher Hume: Oh my badge generated new one yeah I just feel like.
Lee Harrold: Okay what do we got?
Christopher Hume: In the slack yeah but it's too big so I need to put it in a text file okay. We're so glad I saw you get tripped up for half a second there that like I'm sorry
Lee Harrold: it would have taken longer if it were the first time because it happened to me earlier this week I was like what the hell I'm changing the template type but these aren't my templates these are my no but do I change
Christopher Hume: that they sort of line up and then the other issue is that you can't delete appointment types I mean you can but
Lee Harrold: like do you know through yeah yeah it's it's sneaky
Christopher Hume: I guess of course you you've been doing customer
Lee Harrold: support well someone asked me to do it and I was like all right I will do it live yeah. Where's your file man chop chat.
Christopher Hume: Now what the hell I want to send.
Lee Harrold: Is that right. So rich text file.
Christopher Hume: Can you delete that dictation actually it's probably gonna have a bunch of.
Christopher Hume: Be honest with me ranting and raving about the appointment type you probably just want to be quiet. Considering just like the notepad.
Lee Harrold: Finish it Jordan Lee.
Christopher Hume: Hysterical about.
Lee Harrold: Renting it right keycat named Stevie across the room for me.
Christopher Hume: Why did this give us two vacations I know Lee I know Lee. What is happening I think Alfred is working to fix it because I tagged him and gave him an example of it happening when he said he was.
Lee Harrold: Like humorously large lampshade yeah I would.
Christopher Hume: His humor is too large.
Lee Harrold: You can buy it. You want me to send that to to your WeWork?
Christopher Hume: Please. Nice I think you're gonna just enter my apartment. Yeah it's gonna be great though great opportunity to purge.
Lee Harrold: You got a nice furniture.
Christopher Hume: Most R4 ranchers hand me down. Maybe the only thing we've actually paid for.
Lee Harrold: A second.
Christopher Hume: In the past five years. Is the standing desk that Jot didn't when I joined oh nice but everything else I either got right when I moved to DC so it's kind of crappy or it's hand-me-down from family
Lee Harrold: right yeah I thought I thought I remember story you it was like a set of family handy hand-me-downs that was like a pretty high quality yes
Christopher Hume: my got a really nice two really nice couches for my parents when I moved down here unfortunately had to leave them at the old house they didn't even fit through the
Lee Harrold: door okay you all right well you've already lost
Christopher Hume: them there's nothing yeah I already lost them yeah
Lee Harrold: all right I think these are the line breaks we want.
Lee Harrold: I guess we'll copy and we'll make sure that's actually what's happening
Christopher Hume: here yeah let's go to Jane.
Lee Harrold: Did she put in for safety in the back.
Christopher Hume: And just do we're actually doing a new chart note. They like wants space like see where mood is he wants like a space there. Is that even possible.
Lee Harrold: I mean it's possible if we can I think it's stripped. I wonder if it's stripped the markdown from this let me check what's in our keyboard. Yeah so there are line breaks here. So I think. I think the outbound paste from Jane is stripping. The breakdown formatting let me check.
Lee Harrold: That might just be like.
Lee Harrold: A go ahead. The other thing I was going to check was. I don't know what my copy paste settings are set to. So these are set to enable HTML formatting. Okay so let me try a different EHR.
Christopher Hume: Yeah you are.
Lee Harrold: Made free trailer okay maybe this one. Oh yeah do you like this these are all of my EHR logs yeah.
Christopher Hume: Lee also just you know I want to jump at 4 30 just to do something with the SDR okay if but like I have the rest of the evening I'll be working till like 7 7 30 so if you if we just want to rip this Band-Aid off like I we need to send them an update I need to send them an update today I'd love to get this to them tomorrow if we think it's possible but if not I'll just like slow roll give them an extended.
Lee Harrold: Yeah. So I I can't tell if it even. Added the. Line breaks that we wanted. Oh wait I know how to I know how to do this we can check this. Yeah I think if I go to the admin tool. And I go to my most recent note. You can see the raw text. Yeah okay so it's interpreting. We are rendering the line break.
Christopher Hume: This is a chain is not respecting.
Lee Harrold: The break.
Christopher Hume: And there's pretty much there's no way around that right.
Lee Harrold: I mean like there is because it's software I just don't know what it is right now no no no
Christopher Hume: I don't need us to do some sort of custom solution for them if we're like hey like we like let's update their job site so they can tell we did it and they're like hey here's the limitation Jane removes kind of like non text. And like there's nothing we can do like I don't want us to get too wrapped around the axle this is like a good faith effort not a we're going to die effort
Lee Harrold: that makes sense I'm just going to I'm going to try if I like add. Multiple spaces. Yeah it's just it's not what if we try what if we try to solve something.
Lee Harrold: Does it does it bold and
Christopher Hume: Jane okay I wonder if it accept if it will strip it out the same way it's stripped out the brakes.
Lee Harrold: Pretty sure it will let's find out.
Christopher Hume: It didn't it didn't okay what's going on weird.
Lee Harrold: Okay so I guess I could that tells us that it's getting some formatting but not all formatting. Like it's maybe there's something. In Jane that strips what it considers to be different. Like line breaks. The other thing I guess we could do as kind of a hack is if we like added if we got our prompts to add a bunch of these hyphens. Then I would recognize that there are new things on different lines. So like if I copy this. Do you think they'd be satisfied with this solution?
Christopher Hume: I think we offered to them just so they know we're thinking about it like hey here's the limitations of Jane this is what we're trying this is like. Iterative I think that's a good like drawing face thing to do
Lee Harrold: sweet I'll send this to you so you. Could include that in any communication you want.
Christopher Hume: Yeah. It also just makes it easier for them because if they want the spaces that badly it's easier just delete.
Christopher Hume: You know and see where it all is.
Lee Harrold: I guess that's another question too like if I'm. I'm in Jane. What do you. Like? I did something. Okay. Can I. Can't I can't bulk at it. Maybe if I do control okay. Yeah yeah okay I think that's what we offer. It's you know I'm not it's frustrating because I'm not like 100 sure it isn't our. Like outbound copy pasting like if I take this and put it in notes what happens? All right. Because I had that. First time. Maybe maybe it isn't yeah maybe it is us look at that. Like it's entering the clipboard without.
Christopher Hume: We saw it in the clipboard with the spaces.
Lee Harrold: Oh it's true. So maybe the like notepad is doing the same sort of thing that Jane is doing.
Christopher Hume: Well yeah where else if you open up Microsoft Word.
Lee Harrold: Yeah.
Christopher Hume: So I'm just I'm a I'm a corporate drone me. Yeah okay there it is stripping it out.
Lee Harrold: Yeah so what's the target. All right yeah I'll for explain this to me before there's like there are like two classes of like. Applications can choose to support like rich text copy or like I guess not rich text copy and rich test copy will contain stuff like this and non rich text copy won't so I guess both notepad like both notes. And Jane don't support rich copy. But like I've got that I've got notes like if I. If I bold. This here. Project edit this. Hater software why can't I how do I.
Christopher Hume: Okay here we go you understand really weird let's see if we can. Do you're telling me I was feeling a lot of hate in my heart Monday or Tuesday.
Lee Harrold: Okay yeah yeah yeah all right so that that's what's going on here.
Christopher Hume: Can I show you something else weird and then yeah would you be okay if we just continue this at five Lee yeah that works okay and I'll probably get done soon sooner but can you just go to an yeah this note. Let's say. You you're crazy and you want to copy that the HP Irodriguez you want to copy that.
Christopher Hume: Or cut that the first three words. And then paste it at the bottom of that section.
Lee Harrold: I just deleted them okay cut. I'm disallowed I am unable to
Christopher Hume: do such a thing why is that?
Lee Harrold: And I've not paste anything in here I can't paste. I can paste here.
Lee Harrold: I can't face under systems recap what I can't paste there. I can't paste there.
Christopher Hume: I can't face there I just need to be euthanized I just like somebody's just like put on like nice TV show nice room just drift this works. I don't know man I don't get it
Lee Harrold: if I take this and I put it he I can't part of I can put it here
Christopher Hume: trying to be as painful as possible here so we can just kind of surface this hopefully you and I come with a plan to like fix it we're going to get this template right if it kills us we're going to call the plan to fix it and then like hopefully this kind of BS work we can delegate to the customer support team in the coming weeks and this is not a good use actually is a good use of our time because it's still messed up but like moving forward this is not sustainable for either of us.
Lee Harrold: I mean someone has to fix it so I
Christopher Hume: think no no no that's what I'm saying that's what we're doing today like we have to do next but I don't want us like I want to see this is a way so like we can get it working properly and then we can hand it off but like right now I see what like yeah I don't think anyone could do it. But but like core staff. Okay I'm going to run Lee I'm going to grab a coffee before this call give you I'll just slack you when we're at you the man and appreciate all the work.
Lee Harrold: See you Chris. Here is a. Gif. The issue is if I copy. Some text from. A note section in the note editor and then I try to paste it anywhere. Except. Inside of an existing line. It won't paste but if I paste it inside of an existing line. It pastes that text as an inline quote. I did use some jars. Well there was. I took darts up there and water the ball like flew. Across the. She. Or these St. Patty's these little balls up here. Almost she won these loved ones there already. Oh you need like. I don't. Know. Street. Bodies. Water. Because there's a box of. Other stuff. Yeah. I removed cherry once. To do blueberry. So all the topic. Either they got me or throwing the base and then very slight. Ly I guess that's just. Flash. Oh yeah I. Love this. Easter basket there was more stuff. At the time instead of at least through summer. Oh the box is over here. Say the share number. Up while we still there I took it off of the magnet. To. Add. Numerous base. Well and there are different colors. All. Good. Like a little chalk on chalk grinding out there. Don't ever change. If she happens to text. Oh is this your. Headed out of the meeting. I've not given a drug for dinner. But there's just some issues to see the teeth are issue divide you're feeling better. Me too. And get to I'll be opening this morning. Yes facial is right here. It's tasty and what did you say? But that she put that on her list. Any. Further. To top it off busy on the. Top. Kind of like. I. Talked to. Like the day. So people could. Be. Like a strawberry. Bas. So it's like mostly. And then I do have blueberry like leftover. And I may work pistachios. All right. Here. Making a great shift. Not too many, but Michael and I've had for a while. He was in Whipple. You missed him. Here. I'm back here. He comes back in. Tell him I said you. Oh, there you are. I'm just saying. I was like. I'm not trying to do it. Or I'll see this. Well, she and Chad. Begins to see what's up. And then we also. Got. The very circuit right now. So we're talking about. Him. Do you guys want that? Me too. Is this your just a dude? Utilizing the space. I'm disappointed. And there's no one here right now, which is great. Like, it's like I have a whole office as well. Is there something? No, you're chilling. I don't work for anyone. Yeah. My first time was on Tuesday, and I was like, I gotta come here more often. I know. All the employees are mega chill too. That's Gemma. Mary Lou just left. She'll, like, talk forever, but also, like, give you delicious new things to try. She's making it. The owner's name is Haley. And, like, you just, like, look around and understand that this is the inside of her brain made outside. That's who she is as a person that's killing. I'm. Glad that I stopped it. Strange thing. So. I had these. Friends, which I was. A bit healthy. Thank you. Happen. Let's make it happen. This weekend I do not. I do not. Weekend after next, I do. A 25 minute set. Very small set. At Indy's newest venues called the 808. The address is perfect. It's 808. Like, how did that. How did the. I know. Let me share my screen. I hope so. Well, so it's. We're the opener. I I'm booking my strategy. Is to. Like, do all of the, like, work for booking shows with bands that I like that have larger followings. That are kind of similar to the music that I write. And so those fans show up for the bands they like. And then if they show up and see my band, they're like, oh. Hey, new people's pretty good. And then when I book shows where we're not the opener, they'll be like, oh, I follow this group on Instagram. They're playing this place. Let's go. A lot. Like. Like our entire, like, the. The last show. They were like 75 people. And door prices are dirt cheap. It's like. It's like 10 bucks each. And then it's split between each band. And each band is like five people in it. So I personally walked away with fifty dollars. Yeah. When I was in the cover band, it was. It was pretty good money. Like, we would make between six and eight hundred dollars a night. And then we would play every other week. Let's put it. Split it four ways. Oh, yeah, absolutely. Absolutely. That's the. That's the dream of any amateur musician. It's true. Speaking of which, let's jump in. What are you doing this week? Wait, how is the. You said the movie was good, but, like, was it actually it? Because I'm pulling this up. That's actually why I liked it. Is that where they serve you food? And drinks? Yeah. It's. There are a couple of those. What's that? Oh. How does that happen? How does an encounter type get created? And then. Does anyone know? How does this happen? Let's. Let's do that. Let's take a screenshot. Of that. Yeah. This place is killer, right? Isn't this. No, it is. Sorry to interrupt. No, you totally did. No, this is Chris. This is. These are my friends. Your friends is Chris. He's in. He's in DC right now. Oh, cool. You're waving across 3,000 miles, but, yeah, this place is, like, so nice. This is awesome. Like, we've been looking for a study place because, like, we. We got a dinner just, like, looking for a nice place. This is really comfy. It's phenomenal. Look, there's couches, there's a cat. Oh, yeah. Cats around. He's sneaking somewhere. Enjoy. All right, I was taking a screenshot so I could post this and be like, chat. What the hell? Okay, we're back. Settings. Access. Wait. Content. There must be a college close to here. This is. This is how we learn. Well, I don't know. I mean, I remember before this, before the V2 admin panel, and I was horrified that they made you, like, use whatever it was that was the V1. Wait, really? For what? S true. Esther. But we're only reviewing notes. Luckily, you're not doing. So I guess. Yeah, we discovered that line breaks work for visualization inside of JotSync. They do not have a work for export. This seems like a pretty good prompt. See, are there subheaders? Yes, there are some headers. Cool. HBO. Headings you want, Bob? To be honest, Monday was. Monday was probably the worst day. Because I was, like, super. Like, the concussion hit. Me. Basically on. On Sunday. And I didn't know it was happening. And I was like, am I dying? Yeah. Yeah. Like, I didn't. I didn't really have symptoms. And then all of a sudden, I was like, I can't remember things. I'm very confused. Yeah. So I booked the same day. And she was like, yeah, he just went too hard this weekend. He looked at. You looked at a screen for too long, and you went on a really long bike, all right? And then you tried to deadlift. Like, all those things will affect your brain while you're recovering. I was like, oh, thank you, nurse. Now I know. Today. Today I. What I did was I took, like, two 20 minute naps. That. Like, reduce the swelling so. So that I could be functional. That's what a concussion is. It's just. Like. What else are you gonna do? Okay, I want to put this in the formatting section. I'm sure you had. You had a couple concussions. Yeah. As a swimmer, like, more than once, you probably tried diving and then, like. Really? Concussion. Oh, dude, really? That's. That's really. I've never been able to pull that off. I always, like, turn over. And then do the flip turn. That's amazing. I'm very impressed. So do we want that for all. For all. All the headings and all the subsections. Sounds good. I'm your. Let's go. Okay. Patient reports mood. What could this possibly mean? So this is. This is what happens when. When character set is. Interpreted. In by a system that doesn't have access to that character set. So what we're seeing, end quote, is actually a different. Yes, I know there's a. I added a step to the note rendering pipeline. That removes that. And also there's a line in the props that. Disallow it from using non-ASCII characters. So that we can't render something like that. But it just. Like, what's going on? Here? It's a pretty good explanation. But, yeah, that was. That was a problem for a while. It's like, why? Why are they showing up? Oh, because we. New model that we use. It was like a couple weeks after the model change that, like, forked everything. That was one of the. That was one of the things. It was like the RL model didn't do that. And then the new model did that. I was like, oh, okay. We need to now explicitly state in our prompt. Yeah, we can go ahead and remove that from here. So I think whenever this example output was generated. It was generated by a model that didn't know it had to only output ASCII compliant characters. Which makes sense because the prompt I updated was, like, for note generation, not for the example output generation. So that probably. Oh, yeah. Okay, cool. You've. You've done this a few times. Sure. Genuinely. I can see. Oh, it's true. I can regenerate with the same template. Oh, look. At that. Envelope is the HTML entity for a double quote. Oh, yeah. Fixed your problems today. I fixed two of her problems today. I think. I think we wouldn't know our software was broken if it wasn't related. I mean, she's around 100 of the time. Like, just that no one else tells us. Okay. Looks pretty good. I'll look at that close. Okay. And I know it's probably done generating now. Let's take a look. Okay. Let's go on here. What the hell? Why does it add a title? Also miss this one. I got these. These are different. Do we want. Do we want the bullets to prefix. Which of the. So we have. We have a few different formats going on. What do we. What do we want here? Do we want this or do we want this? I think you're breaking. So we want. This is what we want. Yeah. Okay. Do you want system recap to be bolded? Okay. So to be clear, we need to delete whatever this is. We need to make this be bold. Here's what I'm gonna put this over here. HP. I. Actually. Oh, here we go. Start the HPI with opening sets labeled. Oh, that's why I did that. Now I see. That. Which is the one we like. D. Yeah. Wait, what are we? Oh, good call. Good call. The opening. PI tag. Bold. And what is review of systems? Because we're just gonna copy that. Wow. This is very. Nicole. Yeah, that would have been generated by. Like, whatever template was the basis of this. I mean, do we just take this example output and use it for all them? Because this is verbatim. This is why this is like this. So I think it is actually using the example output. Sweet. And it must be these two lines. These are an ordered list. No, no, wait. It found a way. My phone's aware. Okay, let's check these. We probably don't want. To. Do we want the trailing hyphen to? Use a colon? I'm going to put this everywhere. In the. Cycle. Yeah, right. Here. Do you want this line? All right, this is going to look weird if it's the only thing not bolded. It's going to look like this. We call that. This won't be here. Sweet. But. I. Think. What is it? Oh, really? What was that? What's the development? What changed? Yeah. When. When are you looking at doing it? Okay. Is there any chance that Joe gets. Like, finds a job out there in that two. Two month time span. Okay. Gotcha. Okay. You want to change HPI? Too? So this is. Yeah. Okay, that's fine. Interval change. S. Yeah. This is why I bought the point. What do you. What do you. Do you want this to be here at all? What do you want it? I guess. Do you want it to look like this? Do you want to be bold? Oh, no. You want systems recap to be board? Oh, it's still churning. Like, it also doesn't know. Hilarious. Yeah. Let me. That'll be. That'll be your job here. Make sure. It. Sure that's accurate. Okay. Under interval changes, do we want these numbers? Do we like them? Okay. And we want these to be bold. Like this. I think that. Ll. Next. Medical. Yeah. Honestly, I'm bummed. I'm bummed that Adam's leaving, like, apart from just the more work. It's like, I really like his. His energy. For. Several. Yeah. Let me need a smaller office. Okay, I forgot. Do we want past medical history? You want this at the top? Okay, cool. We also don't. You're good. Yeah, it's a tough. Problem to solve because there's. Potentially infinite. Count of ways you can do formatting. Yeah. But is it Piccadillos? What is that? What's that mean? Yep. Yeah, exactly. Precede each subsection. With a bullet. Subsection title. Within Sunset. This is good. This looks good. Oh, is this, oh, I guess no, because we want this to be a colon. Ist. Yeah. How do I spell? You said M or NIST or Mist. Letoe diagnosis on the right. Is this what you're talking about? Okay. Okay. Format. Oh, no. This is completely different. Okay, so this section contains. Three sections. So we want it to look like. This. And then like sub section all of the all of these. That would. Yeah. The con is that then this would be the only section whose subsections are not bulleted. So as we jump from here to here. We'll make these bold though. Because they're both finding different things. So just delete diagnosis. All right. So now we have these subheadings that are in a completely different format than all the other subheadings in our note. So in the copied over, they're going to look pretty weird. Are we cool with this? Just being an L again? What do we want to bold them? And then come up with a better solution for. Client reported systems and treatment plan? Because if we want a consistency. We would make this hyphen and then make this hyphen and bold it and then just nest everything in here underneath this. Phone. Call. This is a very expensive template. Yeah. I mean like in the in the amount of. Time that like we're spending on it. Oh, all right. That's worth it. The risk ending. Two hours each. Four hours. We're back. Seems like at an hourly rate is definitely worth it. Assuming it's just four man hours. That that is less than 500 hours. Okay, so plan. All right, I assume we don't want this. I missed the last part of what you said. Change it to what? You. Do. Oh yeah, for sure. Yes. Merge this pure. Looks good. All right, here we go. You're welcome, Alita Cruz. That was when it was hard to do. AI. Information. Very easy now. Should probably update it. This is horrible. Do we like this? All right. Otherwise these look great. Pretty happy with these. See how this how this panned up. Yep, this column looks good. Well, I actually think the hyphen was cleaner than this colon because we already used a cone over here. What do you think? Do you think we should see what colon here replaced with the hyphen? Right here? Oh yeah, good. Call. Jeez. Okay, so that this is significantly different. This is very different now. The regression for sure. Okay, so let's one thing at a time. By the way, this feels exactly like the process of. Like mixing a song. Like you make some edits kind of blindly and then you listen to it in like three different places and then you like make a list of the things that need to change. Yeah. Oh, you mean in the process of manually changing things we're talking about? Yeah, what's it? Oh, there are two. It's the chief, the HPI. Is trying to do this. Brave. Oh fuck, I got to do that. Just by being it, just by being New York. What's the argument again? That like it will be easier to hire more motivated people? Question mark. Yeah I'm going to drop the bowling. Yeah I mean like using it using like an agent to edit something on your behalf doesn't make any sense. Like it's not going. To use or doesn't know what you want. Now the by and large the best way to do this is manually. I only want. The HP. R. S. Please. One week left for two x more usage outside the hours of. Oh is that what's currently happening? Give us two x unit in our off time? Oh there's an S table behind me. I think so too yeah. Right in the center. When people walk in. Well I didn't I didn't hit save after it did it. So I don't think it would have written. There's there's no oh you you mean you want us to train it? Even though it didn't work. That. Way. What is happening? Oh so what we're showing users. Like is not representative at all. Right you're good. Yeah it'll keep its format and it won't keep this on the left. Yeah it's like the examples are using a completely different prompt. Did you get a chance to oh I guess yeah you you had like a lot of travel. Twice so that would explain. And then the last Friday you you didn't get a chance to to take the time you need. To think about. Being tired is that like it accumulates you have to continue resting. You would have no time you would have no time to unwind. Yeah so this looks great there's just like a completely different prompt for the. Wild. Must be. We can more strongly direct it so that. It happens less frequently. Yeah yeah. Where's you complete? Okay. Why do we want cc? Okay cool. Yeah. That's so good. Oh wow. His distinction between the client and the customer. It's just the way it is. These are all good we wanted to change TSM. When does it change this to user hyphen. Yeah. Seems like a good idea. Yeah I don't know that it's it's like that you haven't been specific I think it's that it this just isn't a priority. No this was this was horrible yeah this was so let's see if we can control Z our way. We cannot we can however save and then go through time. Oh you know what might be too too in the past. The diagnoses? Oh did I add V4 twice? Now. Right. Where. Sweet sweet I want I wonder what I wonder what. What unemployment is like in New York. Like the I feel. I it's it's it's got to be more than 60% given that you're like. Paying significantly higher taxes. These are the same. Okay if I rewrite this tool it's going to hash. Well it's just if there aren't differences it's going to to just show a hyphen and then yeah actually that's a good idea it would yeah just say saying what the differences are would be. Are these the same? We're just going to add. Another one I'm going to add three. V3. Just pull from there. I love this that's so satisfying. That was I'm just going to like go home and make my own Chinese web application that's just a cart and I'll keep buying things. Amazon did me dirty. We wanted to remove the diagnosis section and then we wanted to make the title of these two subsections. Adhere to the style of the rest of the form. So we're going to remove this. Oh I see I see why this happened. Yes so I dropped that. And then. I. Think it was leaning on the inherent structure of the diagnosis in its forward pass when generating client reported symptoms. And plan because structure like the diagnosis which we cut contains. Like it it created. Like the semi structured bullet format. And then when it generated plan and client reported systems was because we're generating one token at a time it already saw that the format that it generated and then just like followed that for the rest so when we cut diagnosis. It was like oh okay I'll just I will. Use contextual in person centered language and there's nowhere in here where we say you know use. So we have to be explicit we want to say. I'm also good because this is kind of hard to read I'm going to do this. See that works. There's another one that did a double colon I don't remember which one. Assessment and plan. T old every what do we do? Want this. Assessment treatment plan prefix. Sounds good. Now. I can't think of a way to do this in a more structure I mean like. Maybe if you gave me a couple hours. But there's so much entropy. Like both generative and preset. Entropy. Like it's you would have to. In the user's mind. Like. Add some. Hard framing. In the form of like click interact like it. Draggable format objects like if you have you ever heard the phrase WYSIWYG. What you see is what you get. Yeah so if you've ever used like a like a Wix or like a Squarespace there's like you design a web page by clicking on things and dragging them around. And that exists because like you're fighting the same entropy battle where the user in their mind has the perfect site that they want to make. However the thing about the mind's eye is that you can only think about three to five things at a time. And so you don't notice that like actually none of the things that you are thinking about in your mind together are coherent or cohesive. So you're just upset that when like everything that you've described isn't actually what you wanted. Even though you feel you've described perfectly because what you described is impossible. So what the whole point of like like interactive website builders is that users discover that they're like so dumb. We're all so so dumb. Like by dragging people we're like oh what I wanted isn't possible for these reasons. And so that's like we would have to do I think something like that to build so that's what Freed's have you used for each template building? That's it's like a WYSIWYG style template builder where they have like defined objects. Let me show you. So I'm going to make a new template look at how easy this is. Fade from freed. Oh you know what I'm not going to do this because I'm in I'm in a client session so what I am going to do is open this yeah so check it out. Great. This is like defined. And like you could. You could pair this with an AI editor on the right here you could say my medical history I want. Like. Four subsections. And I want them to be in the bullet style or the concise length. So I think by just defining primitives that exist visually and verbally is how we could narrow the entropy. For AI driven. Template definitions. Here we go. What we're doing okay yeah we wanted this to be bold. Oh, this is the output. Okay. We have another thing that is. Yeah well yeah this is. Just like generation three slop right like what we're looking at is. An AI representation of what. The user described. We should make these. Try the same. Kind of just took vacation kind of just did that. How about you. All right I pasted something I didn't realize I pasted it I got to go back. Oh yes I need to remove. My. Personal. Yeah probably. Go to Washington for. 4th of July. Actually no I don't know if we will because I went to. I went to visit my my cousin's Massachusetts last year and that was spectacular I'll probably do that again. Central mass like just a couple hours west or like an hour. West of Worcester. So pretty pretty close to where the retreat was. Where are you going Angela. No really. Sounds really fun. Really. Have you have you been there before. Like just as it was it was like a new new travel yeah. Oh this is a perfect opportunity yeah. That's absurd that's absurd. Man that's going to be really cool have you have you like already planned the trip? What incredible. What incredible convenience. Yeah I feel like I have a skill set that's like uniquely suited to this particular thing and it would be really hard for like a lay person to figure out how to do this. Or have the patience to do this. It's I mean it's time consuming it's it's it's kind of pleasant like I like doing this kind of alignment work. It's just like yeah absurd that this. Is. I don't think we should make people do this. Is pleasant in the same way even worse yeah this is pleasant in the same way that like. Pressure washing is pleasant. It's possible it wouldn't work out well because you're making that you're asking the AI to make assumptions on the mode of the user as they make changes. And we're fallible so we will make mistakes and then the AI will record those mistakes and then it will be impossible to. If you've ever like yeah if you've ever put you know like jam in oatmeal and then stirred it like you can't unsturge am. All right are we keeping suggested codes or we're just dropping that I think we should drop it. Spectacular. I was going to ask do you have a list over there that seemed like pretty okay cool. These these kids? Oh missed okay literally oh that's the thing you said before okay. So all these. Gone. 0.