Becca Bressler: I was muted and had no camera on, so you couldn't hear me. How's it going?
Abhishek Mukherjee: Hi. I'm good. How are you?
Becca Bressler: I'm good. Nice to meet you. How's your day going so far?
Abhishek Mukherjee: Pretty good. Had classes in the morning.
Becca Bressler: Oh, good. Nice. Well, I'm Becca. I'm the product manager at job site and we only have 15 minutes. That's kind of, you know, by design just to have like a quick chat. I'll ask you like a couple questions, but first, can you tell me how'd you hear about this opportunity? Did you meet my colleagues at the, I think a career fair or see the posting on Handshake? I'm just kind of curious how you came to this.
Abhishek Mukherjee: Oh, I like, like I applied for a different position last year, so the company was in the back of my mind. And then I met them at the STEM career fair earlier this year in January, I think there was Alex, Nicole and one of the founders.
Becca Bressler: Yes, Jackson was there with. With Alex. Awesome. I would love to know from you. So one of the things we're really looking for in this internship to help with some data analysis is, you know, someone who has a little bit of experience which. But we know we don't expect there to be a ton of experience there, but curiosity is a really, is a really big one for us. And so could you tell me about a project? It could be school, work related, personal project you did where you had a question that you solved or like a problem that you solved with data. Just like a curiosity you had in your work that and how you use data to answer it.
Abhishek Mukherjee: Definitely. So there was a question I had after a recent.
Becca Bressler: Oh, you froze. You froze for a second.
Abhishek Mukherjee: We just.
Becca Bressler: Yeah, just start over, if you don't mind.
Abhishek Mukherjee: All right, definitely. So I had a question about to what extent does inflation cause a decline in incumbent performance after the recent American election. So to investigate this claim for a class project partner and I collected data from about 70 or so countries and then looked at see the independent variable of inflation levels compared to historic baselines and also looked at how well the incumbent party did in parliament after the election week. Inflation. Increased. And thus after running collecting this data and running regressions along with a few other tests, we were able to conclude that there was not much association, which somewhat surprised me. But I think there was a. There were far too many confounding variables for this data. But I did have that question. I did want it answered and I did collect data in my best attempt to solve it.
Becca Bressler: Nice. And what tools did you use to answer the question? How did you guys work on this problem?
Abhishek Mukherjee: We collected data primarily from different government databases, mainly the UN and the World Bank. We found another data set for collecting like this change in seats. And we mainly did it. Collected the data in Excel and exported the files to a CSV and ran the regressions in R. Because while you can do basic regressions in Excel, for some of the more elaborate regressions that had better controls, we had to run them in R.
Becca Bressler: Got it. So this role is a product analytics. You'll be working with product analytics. And so an example of a recent project was we had a few analysts look at the first 10 minutes experience of our users. So what's the drop off? What where just looking at the funnel but also trying to identify points of friction, looking at like key first actions that lead to conversions. Because our customers start as trialers, you have a 10 day trial before given the option to like purchase a subscription. So yeah, it's a lot of like looking at user data, how they're using the software. Do you have like an interest in product analytics? I'm curious if you have any experience doing that kind of work or what maybe is interesting to you about it.
Abhishek Mukherjee: I mean I think it's definitely interesting working on defining metrics and looking at what factors affect say retention or activation. I did a somewhat similar internship where I worked on predicting which users were most likely to make a transaction in the next few months with a payments company. So I worked on engineering features that I thought would be important such as day since last transaction, total amount spent. And after that, I decided to build some machine learning models in order to see which of my features were actually useful and which were not really as useful.
Becca Bressler: Oh yeah, tell me more about it. What were these features? What were you seeing in the data, for example?
Abhishek Mukherjee: I thought something like, say, whether. There's more. There's generally a bigger split between Apple and Android users in terms of socioeconomics. So I thought that would be a factor. But it wasn't. Whereas something like total amount spent in fashion was much more effective than I had anticipated because we were looking at the share that would work, make an investment, a transaction investment in the next few months. So I wouldn't expect fashion to be important, but after looking at that, analyzing the numbers, I could see which variables were more important and which were less.
Becca Bressler: And so then how did that inform like product decisions or what happened? What came after those findings?
Abhishek Mukherjee: I think I shared my model internally with analytics teams to help them discover which users so they could share them with other investment firms using the platform.
Becca Bressler: Got it. Okay, cool. What was this internship that you were doing? What was the company? What was your role as an intern or what you were.
Abhishek Mukherjee: Definitely it was PayU, a payments processing platform. I was working as a data science intern. So again, I engineered features and built machine learning models to see which features were most useful.
Becca Bressler: Got it. Are you most interested in applying machine learning techniques and doing more rigorous data science versus analytics? I guess. I would love to know what you think about that.
Abhishek Mukherjee: I mean, I'm open to both parts sometimes when doing machine learning at the more theoretical level, I didn't always enjoy it, so I was looking for more, a little more hands on analytics experience as I started out, but I'm open to either.
Becca Bressler: It sounds like you had applied to this company before and so you were familiar with it. What interests you about Jot Psych specifically?
Abhishek Mukherjee: I think given that it's a smaller team, I think analytics and my work would have a greater impact. I'd actually get to see where my work is used as compared to a larger organization. And additionally, I think. Think given that there are, it is a good mission to help clinicians reduce the amount of time they spend on note taking and automating, say sending a bill to an insurer.
Becca Bressler: Yeah, totally. Yes, that's what we're hoping to do. Do you have any questions for me before, before I let you go? Just have a few more minutes here.
Abhishek Mukherjee: All right. Yes, I had a few. So what do you think a successful Internet job site looks like?
Becca Bressler: That is a great question. We haven't had a lot, so this is kind of a newer thing that we're at least as long as I've been here. I think successful is being really proactive. So, you know, there's no shortage of things to do and an intern will be given assignments. But I think going above and beyond is just really appreciated. There's so much low hanging fruit. You know, like some of the projects might be very defined in the types of questions we want you to be asking and the types of features we want you to be looking at to answer certain questions. But you know, if someone came back and was like, hey, this wasn't in the memo but I was really curious about X so I dug into this and actually I found something really interesting. Like I think that is something that's really valuable and impressive and something that we really like. I think that someone who's really proactive about asking questions, you know, like we're moving really fast and we maybe aren't always giving you all of the context that you need to do your job well. But we don't always know that unless someone brings it to our attention. And so I think being really proactive about like, hey, this, it seems suspicious. Am I using the right metric or like this event type. I'm not exactly sure what this means. Instead of making assumptions around what a particular event is being like, hey, I actually this is a really key question I'm trying to answer and I want to make sure that I have the right data and that I'm looking at the right data because like it's so messy and I've spent hours like making mistakes and learning from mistakes. And so I think someone who's just comfortable asking questions too is really important.
Abhishek Mukherjee: All right, very interesting. And I was wondering on the logistical end, how fast can the process move after this call?
Becca Bressler: So the next step here is a project that we would be having someone, a take home project. One wrinkle is I'm actually about to leave town for a week, which makes and I'm sort of the lead on this process. So there's potentially a little bit of a delay, but I am going to be meeting with my team before I leave, and so hopefully you'll hear one way or another about next steps before I leave town. Okay.
Abhishek Mukherjee: I think. Do you have time for another question?
Becca Bressler: Yeah, go for it. Let me just send a message.
Abhishek Mukherjee: All right.
Becca Bressler: You just tell people I'm running a second behind
Abhishek Mukherjee: or if it's like, it's not an essential question, so it's okay. All right. And how does analytics currently shape product decisions?
Becca Bressler: Yeah, it's a really good question. I think the best example of it is happening right now where we had done research on the onboarding experience, and as I mentioned, the first 10 minutes, and we've also done research on what are the features that get someone to convert, Are there patterns we see amongst the users who went from trialing to active, and. And in terms of what features they've used, in what order they've used them, how much they've used them, et cetera. And we are using those learnings to redesign our onboarding experience. So we're working with a designer who, like, took all of that research, we talked about it, and we're using it to kind of inform a rework of that. So I'd say that is one example. But then sometimes there are smaller examples of it where we put a little bot on our website that's like a voice AI agent for customer support, and we gave it to people. We're seeing how people use it, and if people like it or hate it, and then if they hate it, we'll take it away, you know, so there's a lot of, like, smaller experimentation happening too.
Abhishek Mukherjee: All right. Definitely seems like it's being used a lot for production.
Becca Bressler: Okay, well, I'm going to let you go. I got a hot but really nice meeting you, and we'll certainly be in touch.
Abhishek Mukherjee: All right, thank you.
Becca Bressler: Bye.
Abhishek Mukherjee: Bye.