Adam Harrison: Case.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Because she has.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, she's always in Arkansas. Her three providers are always in Arkansas. She has one provider who is. Like, who is not? And so in this case, it'll be provider specific. I think it's going to be pretty. Uncommon that you're going to have, like, someone like Amanda, like, going across state lines day and night.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah, I have a question, though. So for the provider that is in Missouri, are, do they have a separate billing NPI for Missouri? Okay, so it's not just that providers, like, rendering and PI, it's their billing and PIs also. In Missouri. Okay. Great. And then assume. Yeah. So the service facility and the billing NPI and the provider, they're all three, like, Missouri NPIs.
Adam Harrison: Say that again.
Jackson Bierfeldt: So the billing provider, the service facility and the rendering. Are all three Missouri and probably the billing and the service facility are the same. One. So there's two NPIs, the rendering and then the, like, combo. Yeah.
Adam Harrison: Okay. I'm just making sure.
Jackson Bierfeldt: I'm sure you're on the same Journey.
Adam Harrison: Here. Yeah, no, you got it. It's a group NPI type two MPI. For Missouri. That provider, you know, obviously has her own MPI. Which is not like state specific. And then the office is, of course, in Missouri as well.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah. So we're going to need some logic. That's like, if it's BCBS. Submit it to. This specific payer ID, that's going to be weird.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, I, I don't know if we want to build out the logic right now, but I did just want to, like, flag it because I think this is going to be a pretty, like, I think it seems like
Jackson Bierfeldt: it's just PCBS is a common pair. Like, that'll, that'll come up.
Adam Harrison: Yeah.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Okay. Well, I mean, they all start with BCBS. So there's probably, I'm sure there's a common way that people handle this, and they're like, it's annoying. And there's just like a BCBS filter and that's it.
Adam Harrison: Yeah. Maybe if it's like for BCBS, you bill based on where the era enrollment is set up for that identity.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yep.
Adam Harrison: That might be like the cleanest way to do it. Yeah.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Okay. Cool. Thanks for flagging that, because I'm sure that is, it's just one of those things that's better to know now before we, like, get to. Some critical moment where people are like, wait, what? You've been submitting it to the patients? Yeah. You know, insurance.
Adam Harrison: Yeah. Yeah, exactly. And it sounds like, I mean, I don't know for sure, but it's looks like there's a decent chance those would get denied because we're not credentialed with that entity. Again, maybe there is maybe Blue Cross is able to route it. I don't know. But it seemed like there was a decent denial risk at least.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah.
Adam Harrison: Okay.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah. Well, let's run through the stack.
Adam Harrison: Yeah. Before, before we do, can I just to close this out? Can I just show you, like, what Nirvana was showing me?
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yes, please, please.
Adam Harrison: Yeah.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Also, it looks like they're setting me up with that account.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, it looks like you just got confirmed, so you should be able to log in. I think also, I don't know if you're joining later with Lee, but I'm going to join that.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah.
Adam Harrison: It's at like one or 1 30.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yep. I'll be on that.
Adam Harrison: Okay. Let me find. So this one was one. Where. I put in. Like, Arkansas, and then it came back. This is sort of in white because it was a mismatch. I can zoom in. Which is a different pair ID. M-O-B-L-S. Versus AR bls.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah.
Adam Harrison: By the way, this is what the eligibility checks look like. In Nirvana. Which I think we should try to just. Like, kind of what Lee and I discussed. We can get into this later, but just so you have context going into that call. I think we just kind of ripped this. UI. Or, like, you know, how they're displaying it, put it in. We still have, like, the old version. We discussed at the retreat, like, moving to this. I haven't seen any movement on that yet. And then we also discussed, like, a workflow for batch checks, which we put together in, like, an eraser board. Again, I don't know, like, where that sits. But this is. Like, I think would have all the info you would need. And, you know, I think people would know how to, like, read this. So that's. That's. That's. That's just the update there. And this works the same as steady, where we can actually see and hear all the checks that people are running. From there, from within the product as well.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Okay, next. Sorry. Can you go back to that check that was just run. Does it give a very clear. Oh, yeah. Member. Member obligation.
Adam Harrison: Yeah. In this case, this is, like, odd because they're saying the member, probably it's like a deductible or something like that.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah. Did you run this with a certain CPT code?
Adam Harrison: No, I just service code. It doesn't really do it by CPT code. It's more like, are you doing a check for. Let me show you. What the different ways. Basically, the two. The two checks that we should really be running are. Like, outpatient psychiatry and then, like, outpatient. Therapy, basically are the two checks. I think this one was actually the service. I just did Psychotherapy. But I think some of the other ones I did Psychiatry. And the CPT code is not really gonna, like, give you a different result than going up one layer here is what.
Jackson Bierfeldt: What I just wonder. What's the. So member obligation. Looking in the obligation details, that is per. Session.
Adam Harrison: Yeah.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Okay. It's just occurring. So if someone, like, bills to CPT codes, right, a 99214 plus a 90836. Or a 33 or something. They only have the obligation. For one of. Like, one time, or are they obligated for both.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, it's a good question. So. You put in the actual session rate.
Jackson Bierfeldt: From your, like, you do when you make the eligibility check.
Adam Harrison: And that's what it'll do to calculate, like, coinsurance or other stuff. But I think.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Oh, okay.
Adam Harrison: Yeah. And I don't think it really makes the distinction between, like, psychiatry and behavioral health. You know, more broadly too often.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Okay. That's what I was wondering, because on that other one that you were just showing me a minute ago, it said the obligation was like 135 dollars, but the copay was 30. And I was just wondering, like, how did it calculate that? So when you ran the check, you were like, hey, we're gonna charge. 30. 0.
Jackson Bierfeldt: How do you pick that charge?
Adam Harrison: Right now?
Jackson Bierfeldt: You don't know ahead of time right necessarily if it's going to be in 99214. It could be a five today.
Adam Harrison: Right, right. Yeah. And I think also right now, Amanda is like, these are all existing patients. So she already knows what their obligation is. So it's not the constraint right now. Got it. But certainly I think we'll, you know, I think our general approach is for right now. I think we want to surface all the information. Because there'll be cases like here there was a flag. Was it this one? Oh, yeah, it was. Sorry. Like this one is flagging telehealth cost share differences. Where for telehealth therapy, you have a 20 copay, but in person, it's zero. Got it. So, you know, there's like your member obligation, right, is saying zero, but if it's telehealth, it's 20. So I think there's going to be, have to be a little bit of. Like, judgment applied on top of the eligibility response. In cases like this and cases like the one we looked at earlier where the mebbler obligation was like the full amount.
Adam Harrison: You know, we, we probably just want to. Like, kind of be thoughtful about that before we. I think we just want to say, like, here's the information for now before we, like, say with too much certainty. Like, this is what it is.
Jackson Bierfeldt: But I just wanted to see, because, yeah, we do want to show all this information in some view, but we also want to have the, like, yeah. You know, well, because really what they want to know is, do I charge this person $30 or not? Yeah, that's like the main thing that they're just like, right now, I need to know immediately without clicking in and looking at this, just like copay or no copay. Oh, no copay. Okay. All right. They have to pay it. Yeah. And I just want to make sure we can, we can do that. And they calculate all that for us.
Adam Harrison: Yeah. And that's kind of what we're, what Lee and I discussed is like, here's a summary at the top, which is basically has. Coverage status, active, inactive. And then estimated member obligation. And any flags like telehealth cost share differences that would maybe prompt you to click into this. And then everything else will be in, like, this collapsible table underneath.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Okay, great. And then the last thing is, like, the way I'm setting up the, like, patient responsibility system right now, which I'll have out in some version this week, is it actually treats the copay and the eligibility check copay as estimated. And it doesn't actually, like, register as the patient owes this until the era comes back. Okay.
Jackson Bierfeldt: That seems to be standard practice. So, like, if the eligibility check is wrong, it'll, you know, it's like kind of annoying. Because then you have to follow the patient later. But it's not going to cause a huge problem because we're treating the era as the source of Truth.
Jackson Bierfeldt: So if you charge them $30, it goes into the Ledger as, like, estimated. Then when the era comes back, if it says, yep, the patient owes $30, they just, like, immediately cancel and it's, like, all good. The patient doesn't have any obligation. But if it, you know, if the co-pays has zero and then the era comes back and says 30, then that just goes on to that patient and they just get a little notification being like, hey, this patient owes 30, $30. And then you can just send them that invoice. And it's. Like, you know, kind of. And they can decide how they want to do it. They can send the invoice every single time that ERA comes in, or they can just wait until the patient owes $150 and then, like, send an invoice then. Everyone's going to want to do that differently, but, like. The era is the, like, trusted. This is actually what the patient owes in the copay is just a way of, like, collecting that ahead of time and, like, building up those estimates.
Adam Harrison: Okay, that sounds great. And it will also accumulate in, like, a ledger, like, if you have multiple. Okay. All right, cool. And is it, how do you associate, like, a payment to an. I mean, we don't have to get into it, but I'm curious how you associate. Like, if you don't request the same day as the appointment, how do you know that that copay is not for, like, a no show fee or, like, maybe something that you bought, like, physical from the practice, like some
Jackson Bierfeldt: vitamin all goes through the encounter ID. So every, every payment can but does not have to be associated with an encounter in the encounter associates it with the claim, which associates it with remittance. They all talk to each other. And then you can still just, like, charge someone $20 for a late fee, and that goes on their Ledger. And isn't associated with any of the, you know, eras or claims or anything. But if it is associated with a claim, it just gets tagged as that. And then you can see at a claim by claim level, like, oh, they still haven't paid for this claim. You know, but they have paid for this other logger or whatever. Both from the patient and the payer works that way.
Adam Harrison: It's okay. The, the provider basically picks. Like, if they want to associate the invoice with a certain encounter when they request. So that's like a slightly different UI.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Like, yeah, I mean, if you request it from within the encounter, it'll, like, automatically see it. But if they just go to, like, cash register mode and they're like, the patient bought a t-shirt $15, like, they can do whatever they want.
Adam Harrison: Okay, so, but we should be coaching them to request from the no page as opposed to the patient profile page. For, like, easy matching.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah. I mean, we have to work out the, the UI. Honestly, the, the, the ideal UI here is that it just, like, auto. Yeah, they'll actually do it from the, like, claims view where it comes back and it's like, oh, this patient owes 30. And it just let you push the like, yeah, charge them button and it, like, does it for you? But, yeah, in the, like, patient page, if they do do that, there's going to be a drop down to be like, which session was this for? If they're, like, playing catch up?
Adam Harrison: Got it.
Jackson Bierfeldt: But ideally they're not. Doing it that way. But if they choose to, then, yeah, we have to support that.
Adam Harrison: Okay, let me go to the list here.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah. And Adam, I'm sorry. I'm gonna have to drop in 13 minutes. Okay. So let's go a bit of a speed run. Sorry about that.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, no worries. Tamika onboarding her today at two. I can plan to leave that, Jackson. And if you want to join, you can kind of Shadow in or chime in, but up to you how you want to.
Jackson Bierfeldt: That's I and M wellness.
Adam Harrison: Yeah.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah. Can you put that in the AKA really quick just while we're here?
Adam Harrison: Yeah.
Jackson Bierfeldt: What's I and M.
Adam Harrison: Let me just grab it from the email. I think it's her. I'm. That's my, like, assumption. Okay. Brittany, she's good. She's kind of steady state at this point. We touch base once a week just to kind of, like, You know, for any, like, questions, any, like, review claims that need to happen. She's. She wants to add a new payer. Where, like, getting that set up.
Jackson Bierfeldt: She has money in our Mercury account. Right now.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, she's the one who went through Mercury last week.
Jackson Bierfeldt: And when and how does she get that into her account?
Adam Harrison: I think Nate set up a system where it just transfers. I would have to reread his message, though. Okay, great.
Jackson Bierfeldt: But I can talk to him.
Adam Harrison: I think it's pretty seamless from my understanding.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Let's just celebrate for a second that we did it. We did it. It's, like, so good to see those 15 that we made or whatever.
Adam Harrison: 18.
Jackson Bierfeldt: 18.
Adam Harrison: 18. Yeah. No, it's exciting. So I think Jackson, if you're able to join tomorrow, you could also join. Oh, yeah. Tomorrow would be ideal because the following week she's out. If you can join tomorrow, then we could just kind of do quick intros. And, you know, it'll be pretty seamless going, going forward then. But it should be on your calendar.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah, just accepted it.
Adam Harrison: Okay. Amanda, let's. Let's circle back to her towards the end because there's. This is like the Blue Cross thing and then some other wonkiness. I really just want to get her first batch submitted. But I think I'm just going to need to, like, hop on a call with her because we're not able to kind of, like, do it async, which I was hoping to avoid because she's quite. Verbose. But I think that's just going to be what we have to do for this first group. Valkor, I think that's kind of in your core.
Jackson Bierfeldt: So I'm going to skip that.
Adam Harrison: Beverly. She is. I've submitted some claims for her. There's some other claims where there's issues. Either she's not credentialed or the patient doesn't have, like, the insurance that she thought. So she's kind of like a little bit of a mess. Like, Beverly is asking me, like, hey, am I credentialed with this payer or not, you know, and kind of expects me to know. Which I, you know, I'm able to find out pretty easily. But.
Jackson Bierfeldt: And how do you find that out, like, when that comes up? What do you do?
Adam Harrison: Yeah. So there's, like, a dashboard that. That her credentialing team gave me access to. So I just go in there. And if it's not clear, I just call her credentialing people. But there's also a way, I think, to, like, search some of the. Payer registries and find it. But I have not, like, done that yet. I've just been working with her credentialing team.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Got it. And that's, like, their own software. It's like their credentialing dashboard, or it's, like, availability or something.
Adam Harrison: It's just their own dashboard. You just enter a code. I can pull it up. But we may. It may be better served for, like, another time when.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah, let's do that a different. I was just. Yeah.
Adam Harrison: Curious. Yeah, I think. But just headline with Beverly, like, we're moving forward, but she is just. Like, you just will see anyone who books through Zocdoc, whether she's credentialed or not. And then, like, then afterwards, I have to, like, go do the eligibility checks, see, like, what the situation is, you know, create the claim, and then sometimes we can submit it, sometimes we can. So that's. Yeah, that's the only thing with her. Adeyo, this one kind of went back to Nate for credentialing, so they're doing MediCal credentialing together. I think she already booked with him. Tracy, I. I did. I voided the claim. I did that through just, like, steady. Application. I'll just make sure that that, you know, resolves. I think it.
Jackson Bierfeldt: It should be fine.
Adam Harrison: You know, they didn't issue an era or anything yet, so.
Jackson Bierfeldt: So what was the confusion? Did she, like, click create claim? On one that she. And she just didn't. She was, like, doing it to, like, explore or what happened.
Adam Harrison: Yeah. Yeah. I think. Exactly. I think it was just like an acclaim that was not actually intended to be submitted. It might have even been one we did on a call together that I just forgot about, but it could have also been something she just did on her own. I think the thing with Tracy is. Like, I built her, like, forms. I've walked her through everything. I've trained her staff on how to do, like, intakes, and now we're kind of getting into the. Behavioral change part where it's like, okay, Tracy, like, go ahead and, like. It's okay to submit claims through us. So I'm just gonna, like, keep. Keep kind of trying to move that forward. I also meet with her once a week. So I meet with her tomorrow. If you could join, I think we could do a similar thing to what we're doing with Brittany. Awesome. But she's. She's in good shape. She just hasn't, like, done the, like, create claim thing, but she knows how to do it. We've, like, gone through it together. She has, like, done a demo. Like, for me, almost of, like, okay, let me practice. Okay, this is what I do. So she's. She's got it down. She just hasn't actually. Given us anything to submit yet.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Awesome.
Adam Harrison: Angela, she is a little bit in a holding pattern. She only has, like, seven patients. Four of them are with. I think it's Blue Cross. I have to double check. And Blue Cross isn't letting her submit any claims because she's now working from home and they want, like, a real address. And so. I'm trying to, like, get on a call with her to help her figure out what to do here. I mean, I think she just has to, like, rent an address or get a virtual address and, like, update it with the payer. But it doesn't really make sense for her until, you know, because that is, like, four of her seven patients are with this pair.
Jackson Bierfeldt: She's seven.
Adam Harrison: Okay.
Jackson Bierfeldt: It's like she's not getting paid for those patients.
Adam Harrison: I think what she probably submits them through, like, headway, because that's what Beverly was doing. Which I don't really know if you're supposed to do that. But I'm not. I'm not totally sure, but I'm. I, like, try to get on. It's kind of funny, actually. I. Tried to get on a call with her. During the off site, and then she misses the call, texts, like, three hours later. Sorry, it's been hell today. No worries. We. You know, we'll find another time. And we were supposed to chat last week. She can't join the Google me. You know, I'm like, I'll call yourself. She's like, I can't have my cell phone at work. I'm like, well, how are we supposed to have this call? You know, so it's just, like, one of these things where she's just. A little bit. Shooting herself in the foot. Yeah, but it's, like, such a small thing, you know, small, small volume where.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah. If she figures it out, she does. But we can't. I mean, I. I think it's good for you to just get on one call and be like, hey, you. You can solve this. Like, this is how other people do it, but we can't go and, like, rent an office for her and all that.
Adam Harrison: Yeah. Yeah. So I think we'll do that, and we'll go through and be like, hey, for your three other patients, let it. Let's at least get the era set up for them. Soon you're not billing for them somewhere else. I don't totally know how she's handling that now. And then we'll just have to, like, kind of come back to it later on. So I'm trying to Wrangle her down. But. But, yeah, it's kind of. She's just. A little bit of a challenging one to work with. So let's come back to Amanda. So Amanda had sent. You know, I kind of, like, have Michelle review all the claims. Michelle gave a few comments. I. I made those updates sent to Amanda. Amanda had some more feedback. And now I kind of want to get things submitted.
Jackson Bierfeldt: We're doing one payer for her.
Adam Harrison: Just one pair. We're doing. This is the Blue Cross. Blue Shield thing as. So. I. I think the challenge I'm running into is, I think Amanda went and made some changes to the claim when I asked her to review, but I don't really have, like, an audit log of what that was. So, like, I think these maybe just a was checked.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Before by default. It's always a. So she's.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, I think she added those. I think also, like, this is office, but now there's a 95 modifier, so I don't really know if this is office or virtual. There's sort of conflicting information here. She also took off the 25. Modifier. Which. Because she's like, I never use the modifier, but I think actually that could result in you getting underpaid. But maybe I could be wrong.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Right?
Adam Harrison: Yeah. So I think what I want to do is be like, hey, let's. Amanda, me, you, Michelle. Let's just get on a call. Let's go through these one by one. We'll just figure out, like, what actually was going on here, how you want to bill it, because, like, you
Jackson Bierfeldt: know, that's the end of the day.
Adam Harrison: Yeah. At the end of the day, it's like your money. And, like, if you want us to include the 25 or not, like, we can have Michelle and Michelle will probably have a point of view on that. But, you know, we should just do kind of what she wants to do and give her, like, some guidance, but ultimately, like, it's her. It's her thing. So I think I'll try to get on the calendar maybe. Like, you know, today or tomorrow or Wednesday at the latest. And we'll just, like, run through these. We'll also just have to make sure we submit. To the right payer. So, like, some of these. It's interesting because it's still listing Arkansas, but, like, Maeve is. Missouri. I think it's because I didn't regenerate, but I also don't really want to regenerate because I think Amanda went and, like, made some manual changes, so. Yeah. So that is, like, what I'm trying to work through, I guess.
Jackson Bierfeldt: And we probably will have that situation where Amanda and Michelle and just, like, for our learning, like, summarize, like, hey, because I do actually think that there are. I remember reading this, and it might be Blue Cross where there's, like, one of the pairs where they don't accept the, like, home office. Code. Like. Like, so it has to be 11 for place of service, but you use the 95. Modifier, and then you have to write telehealth. And that looks like exactly what she did here is, like, for the service facility. You write telehealth.
Adam Harrison: Oh, really? Okay.
Jackson Bierfeldt: But I don't like. I remember vaguely reading that. So let's hear from her and Michelle exactly, like, what the logic is here so that we can kind of, like, learn from that. But I remember reading that somewhere once, whereas, like, yeah, there's a pair or two that have weird telehealth rules.
Adam Harrison: Okay. Yeah. And I think I've been trying to play telephone between the two of them. And then now. Like, what's her name? Amanda will, like, make changes in here. And I. I don't want to, like, rebuild the claim and kind of lose the progress that she's made. So I think it's going to be best. We just all hop on a call, do it together.
Jackson Bierfeldt: What?
Adam Harrison: What do you recommend with, like. The player stuff? Because I went into the patient profile, changed it to for Maeve, for example. I know you got to run. So do this quickly. Like Maeve right now is showing as Missouri. Because I updated it here. But here it still shows Arkansas, probably because I didn't, like, rebuild the claim.
Jackson Bierfeldt: So what's best for right now? We want to change the patient to just be Arkansas.
Adam Harrison: Okay, that's fine. That's probably easiest.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah. Yeah. I think that's. I think that's best.
Adam Harrison: Okay, so I want to get these submitted, like, ASAP. So I'll just find a time. The three of us can connect. I don't know if you need to join. It's kind of up to you, but I'll just have a grain, and then I'll summarize back to you what we learned.
Adam Harrison: So I know you got a lot. So we. It's kind of.
Jackson Bierfeldt: I'll leave it up to you. Okay, great. I'm sorry. I have to go right now, but thank you, Adam, and we'll touch base later.
Adam Harrison: All right. Thanks, Jackson. Bye.