Nathan Peereboom: Oh, my gosh. A tech guy who doesn't know to unmute? That's on me.
Nichole McLeod: Are you sure you're tech?
Nathan Peereboom: Hey, you know what? I'm just the golden retriever who does sales. I'm not the real tech. Unfortunately.
Nichole McLeod: Gotcha. Okay.
Nathan Peereboom: Hey, how are you?
Nichole McLeod: Let's not ask that question today.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay? All right.
Nichole McLeod: It's been a trying week.
Nathan Peereboom: Oh, I'm sorry. Is now still a good time to do this?
Nichole McLeod: That was good. Now. It's really good.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay? Well, Nicole, I guess I'll just jump into it. So we had some of our analysts and some of our engineers look through your data. What we did was we united your Jane data and your claim MD data. So there's a ton here. There's a lot to be really proud of. It's not like a nightmare, but there's definitely well over. There's a few tens of thousands of dollars worth of interesting stuff to be curious about. I'm going to walk you through it. I'll also send you this after, if that's helpful. And I wrote down a bunch of notes. So I'm going to be also reading from some of my notes because I just wanted to have everything sort of tight. Okay, so let me start out just by saying sorry. Where are my notes? Here. Ok. So what I want to do today is I'm going to walk you through just a baseline of how things are going with this. You should just feel free to ask any questions. What I did was I pulled around 131 encounters from September through today.
Nathan Peereboom: So I pulled every rejection, every payer payment, all of your accounts receivable. What I want to do with you today is really understand, like, what am I getting right and where is the data maybe needing, like, some more inspection. I don't know all the context of your clinic, so if there are things that pop out here where you're like, that's totally wrong. We'll go look at it again. But this is just what we can see in the data. All right, so executive summary. So you have billed in that period, you build for about $120,000. Now, again, only like a six month period. So your total billing out of this clinic, my guess is somewhere around a quarter million dollars a year.
Nichole McLeod: Wait. I'm sorry. Can you say it again? I got to turn my phone. I got people blowing up my phone.
Nathan Peereboom: Do you need to take it?
Nichole McLeod: No. I silenced everything.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, so in this period, you build for around $120,000. This is around a six month period. So you should think, okay, my clinic, as for potential, can do around a quarter million dollars a year in revenue. That's not what you actually collected, but you build for around 120. Now, that's 356 direct encounters. The difference between what you build for direct to insure versus through, like, headway. And, and, you know, your other MSO, it's about, I think it's like 150 versus 213. So the average direct to insure bill is around $213, and the average to an MSO is around $151. Now collect all of that. But at a rate level, you should think to yourself, I'm contractually, you know, leaving around $60 on the table anytime I take a patient through an MSO versus Direct.
Nichole McLeod: Okay, that would be like headway or Elmo.
Nathan Peereboom: Headwear. Alma. Yes, I was forgetting the A. I know there was an A in there. Okay, so. Okay, she invoiced for 120. About $42,000 of that was collected from patients. Around 20,000 came from insurance companies. And then you've got around $56,000 that stuck. Most of it is stuck in, I think, high mark or not most, a plurality of it, around 20 of that 55 is stuck in a high marked Blue Cross Blue Shield. And then you have a few other insurers where I think you have a credentialing issue. So, Univera, have you ever been paid by them. I didn't see any payments from them.
Nichole McLeod: I just. I just started getting payments from them via the mail.
Nathan Peereboom: Oh, awesome. Okay. Doesn't show up in the data, but that's great to hear.
Nichole McLeod: Cause I literally got it yesterday.
Nathan Peereboom: Amazing. Okay, great. That's. That's incredible. Okay, the. The big error. Not huge. But, you know, your biller, whoever configured your claim md, there's something, there was something incorrect in the taxonomy of the encounters that was initially put in claim MD and so you lost around $5,000 in rejected claims from this taxonomy issue. I don't know if it's fixed. I'd have to go in your claim MD and do some more forensic work. But when we look at why your claims get rejected, why insurance companies tell you they're rejecting your claims, around $5,000 in that six month period, $10,000 annual year. So is just in this one particular error around taxonomy. Ok. Let's see. Am I missing anything here? Okay, let's just keep going. Okay, this is a page on just like what we analyzed and how you know if you're interested. Ok, so this is my favorite slide in terms of two thumbs way up for you here, Nicole. So your most billed visit is a 99214. Your the ratio of med management to psychotherapy add on is one to one. Does that feel right to you? Because that's shocking to us. It's best practice. We always tell people, hey, make sure you're doing a psychotherapy add on with a 992 and four. Is that something that you kind of are disciplined about and, you know, to be a discipline.
Nichole McLeod: Of doing? Of adding on the psychotherapy?
Nathan Peereboom: Yes.
Nichole McLeod: Yes.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, great. Well, that was. That's awesome. And you should feel really good about it.
Nichole McLeod: Beautiful.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, let's. Okay. Yes. You probably know this. You drive. Okay. All right, so on this slide, You. You know this, right? Like, you drive most of the revenue at your practice. What I want you to look at is the far right column here. So that's collection rate. Your collection rate is around 75%. The collection rate for everyone else is a lot lower. Now, I don't know who Kendra, Cindy and Menar are, but they might have, like, a credentialing issue. I don't know exactly like, why this would be true, but there's something going on where you are being reimbursed in a different way and in a different shape than the other end piece. Do you have any theory around that?
Nichole McLeod: Well, I had. I definitely, like, ended up, like, all my patients from Lavender followed me over, so I ended up having a huge patient load. From. From the. From the start of us, you know, from September, like, everybody followed me over. I got credentialed a lot faster than everybody credentialed quicker. I know. Like Kendra. She's still waiting for credentialing from Caroline. Menar only sees a handful of people. She only sees probably about maybe 10 people. She works another job. Cindy. Well, Cindy's got a good. Pretty good collection rate. Like I said, Kendra has that credentialing issue with. With Carillon.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah.
Nichole McLeod: And then I think there was. There was a couple issues with credentialing and stuff like that. So.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, we'll. We'll come back to the credentialing issue. I know that you were interested in us credentialing your NPs across more insurers. We'll come back to it. But it does. Like, this is a little bit of a flag to me, because even what you're describing with lower volumes. It shouldn't be affecting how they get paid. I mean, it shouldn't be affecting the rate at which they get paid. It might affect the volume, but not the rate. So we can come back to it. But it was showing up in the data. All right, so we already flagged this. A lot of, you know, patient pay is, like, the thing that pops in here. Your. Your largest commercial pair is High mark, Blue Cross, Blue Shield, Buffalo.
Nichole McLeod: Hi, Mark of Western New York.
Nathan Peereboom: Ok, cool. So this is good. You know how I said, hey, there's a bunch of accounts receivable in Highmark, Blue Cross, Blue Shield. We typically want to see that. The shape of collections mirrors the shape of accounts receivable. Because that just says, hey, things are normal. You're, you know, you are. You have more accounts receivable with the payers that you are getting more volume and revenue from. So this is actually like a nice health signal. Any questions on this slide?
Nichole McLeod: No. Okay.
Nathan Peereboom: All right, let's talk speed. So big differences in speed here. So your Aetna, Cigna, Medicare, they. They pay you, like, really fast? Somewhere between four and two weeks. Four days and two weeks. Uhc. Both plain. Plain Jane. UHC and Oxford. They take over a month. Any sense of, like, why this would be true?
Nichole McLeod: Maybe not really. I mean.
Nathan Peereboom: Here's what I would say. Whoever's doing your billing for you, they should be flagging this because money that you're not paid is working capital that you can't use in other ways. And there's no reason that that an insurer like UHC should be spent holding more than a month. Of your payments. That's not a reasonable or fair way to treat you as someone in network. You are in network with them, right?
Nichole McLeod: Yes, we are.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay? And, and this is especially true given how good your internal operations are. So look at the charge capture lag. There's basically no, like, there's basically no lag between when an encounter happens and when you're charging. Does that feel right? Because that's what the data looks like. And what it shows is really, really tight internal operations.
Nichole McLeod: Yes, we. We are on top of it.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. So that's what it looks like. Like, what I see here is. It's like. Like Nicole runs a tight ship inside. And then she's got a very high variance in how pairs are treating her at a lag level.
Nichole McLeod: Okay.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, cool. All right, great. So let's talk about rejections here. So your rejection rate is not crazy high. You've had the, the, the clean claim rate is, you know, around 90%. What's happening, though, is a lot of times when you get a claim approved, there are these big adjustments. And so when you get a denial or an adjudication, any time that there's, like, an issue with a claim, You end up only getting around 60% of that value. So. So there is quite a bit of revenue lost in, in some of these adjustments. Now, some of them are unavoidable, right? Patient, you know, patient has a copay, they need to pay or, you know, they didn't hit their deductible. There's also something going on with your fee schedule. How do you do fees? Do you, like, do you know, do you have a sense in your head, Nicole, of what you're the difference in fee. Schedule is for each payer.
Nichole McLeod: Okay? I literally just got. I literally just got all my contracts sent to me, and I just got all the fee schedules printed out with each each payer that I have, so I just got that.
Nathan Peereboom: If you send those to me, I'll do a refresh of this because I'd be really curious. What the differences are. I'm going to show you a slide is my favorite slide in the whole deck. And it's CPT codes versus payers. And I'd be. I want to know your intuition before I get there. But. But the takeaway here is just like you do not want anything to get. Adjudicated. When you get adjudicated, you in general, like, even when they approve. There's such a markdown that it's like, it's. It's like you're getting paid for, like, half of that, you know, if there's any adjudication. So the clean claim rate is. It's shielding you a little bit from some of the. The clumsiness on. The adjudication.
Nichole McLeod: Okay?
Nathan Peereboom: Okay? Patient payment. Let's see. Yeah. Okay, so a lot of insurance claims. It's like, lag is a bigger deal than denials. I think you get that. Okay, so we. Already kind of talked about this. This is just outstanding. Ar Remember, we wanted to see high mark in Medicare as the top ones. That makes sense. Okay, so this is that 61% contractual write down that we discussed. What is this? Pair level waterfall, build to be collected. Okay, so this is the same thing. Ah. Okay, Favorite slide in the whole deck, so top row. Is your payers. Side row are the you. You bill for three different categories in my mind. You bill for intakes. Right. So 204, 205s you bill for med management. 214215 and then you do add ons. So what's the story here? The story here is that Optum is far and away your best pair. They have like, the highest rates for both intake med management and and add on psychotherapy. So these add on psychotherapies, you know, like the average. If you're combining these, you know, you're taking. It looks like $180 away. And that's before. Before all of the accounts receivable comes back. And, like, there are some of these adjustments and things like that, so. Or Sorry, it's after that. So. So your under billing everywhere, but Optum is still paying significantly more than an MSO is paying you. Where is there softness here? So Medicare and Aetna are a little like, Like I would want to probably look at those contracts. They feel low to me. From what I know about the industry, so. So that's just something to. To know. Medicare and Aetna are a little low, but this is the profile of how you actually get paid after all the things fall out. With your current billing setup, okay? And you can see I've included that n there so that you can tell you know what the sample size is. So you can choose to ignore some of these. Like you don't see that many Medicare intakes. So you might say, Nate, this is like, just doesn't matter. Same thing with Optum. You don't have that many opt in patients, but one of my takeaways for you is wait, Optum might be like a really, really good payer for you. You do really low volume with them. Maybe we want to like, readjust the scope of patient acquisition to be really focused on Optum. It's just a theory. It might not be the way you want to go, but it's something to know just in the way that they pay you. All right. Okay, so accounts receivable. This slide is extremely positive. What does it show? So accounts receivable is the money that's locked away that you haven't yet received. It sounds like a big number, right? $56,000. You're like, that's so much money. But what we're showing here is that 41 of that 56 is less than 30 days old.
Nathan Peereboom: If something is less than 30 days old, we don't worry about it. Like we. We say to ourselves, that's normal. It's the course of business. It's what happens in this industry. We can chase and chase and chase, but. But really, like, sometimes when we look at this graph for other clinics, We see like the 90 to 120 and 120 day up hop, way out. And that's super negative because what that means is that those insurers have said we're never going to pay you and we're going to keep running you around until you, like, give up. That's not what's happening here. You're working with payers that either pay you, adjudicate and decline you, or denial you. Which is good from an accounting standpoint, even if, like, you know, we as a team should be aggressive about pushing back on those last two categories.
Nathan Peereboom: But this is a clean page. This is something where, like, you, as a business owner, should look at this and be like, okay, at least, like, the numbers that are here are kind of shaking out, right?
Nichole McLeod: Okay? That's good to know.
Nathan Peereboom: Yep. Denials. Okay, let's talk about denials. So. So There's a round $6,000 in what we understand as preventable denials. You know, the biggest of these is taxonomy setup. You know, rejected like claims that you can just like, you know, if you. If you wrote the claim better, you could get it through. There's down coding. There's some duplicate claims, but don't worry about downcoming or duplicate claims. It's such a tiny part of your world, the real thing to fix. Here is are we writing clean claims and are in is our taxonomy set up correctly in claim md? So that's something that we would look at if we were your billing company. It's a one time. It's a one time fix. Let's see. Yeah. So this is some, you know, some. Some revenue leakage now. We wrote off some of the. You know, some of the late AR stuff. We, you know, we think that some of the era, our adjustments are a little unfair and should be litigated. That's that 1400. And then there's about 5000. That's again, in that kind of reworkable but rejected claims category. So the way that you should think about this, Nicole, is Like, in our estimate, there's around $20,000 to be earned by better billing practices, with nothing changing in the way that you work with your clinicians. Now, we probably do want to talk about, like, hey, how do we get everyone to see more patients? You know, like, there's, there's other. There's some really exciting growth and scale things that we can talk about. But at a billing quality level, there's around $20,000 a year here. That's interesting. Let's see. Yeah. Okay, so this is the. The other big difference. You know, we do think that you need to move from headway into headway and Alma into direct. That this is the biggest effect of the entire analysis. So, you know, think about it this way. You see around 50% of your practice. Through. You know, through headway. Alma, you make a quarter million dollars a year. So what? 60? You know what? What you would basically be doing is increasing your. Your total revenue by around 20 to 30% if you moved from entirely from Headway and Alma into direct now. There are reasons that. That, you know, you might not want to move everyone, but you. You have the biggest, like, you know, Lemon to squeeze is definitely in that move.
Nichole McLeod: Ok. We were just kind of trying to do it because of the amount of time in the payers paying. That was the only reason that we were doing it super slowly.
Nathan Peereboom: Yes, that totally makes sense. Completely makes sense. Okay, well, let me pause there. How did. I mean, does this all feel right to you? Does it make sense? What are your thoughts upon seeing this data? Is it new data to you?
Nichole McLeod: I think it's making me feel better.
Nichole McLeod: You know, I mean, I feel like you're correct. I do run a tight ship. I'm very involved with every single aspect of my practice. You know, I'm pretty on top of looking at everybody's schedules, making sure that everybody's charged and, you know, making sure everything's good. I don't have a lot of experience in that insurance side.
Nichole McLeod: Yeah, I really do heavily lean on my biller to do everything, to do everything the correct way because. I don't know. That's. You know, I don't know that side. I'm learning, and I've learned a lot, but I still don't know it, and I'm not comfortable with it. You know, I don't want to have issues with insurance and fraud and, you know, like, all this stuff. Like, I. I don't want any of that. I. You know, I didn't spend the last three years of my life trying to build this for it to.
Nichole McLeod: You know, not be a well oiled, functioning machine.
Nathan Peereboom: I. I totally understand. Yeah, I think that that. That makes a ton of sense. And it's very clear, I mean, it's really clear that you're someone who wants. Yeah, to be pretty, like, focused on the internal operations at a, like, documentation and submission level. But also there hasn't been transparency. With what's going on, which. Which does mean. I mean, it doesn't. I mean, $20,000 doesn't seem like a huge amount of money, but $20,000 is still like a chunk, you know? It's still like a chunk of money still.
Nichole McLeod: It's not like a lot of money.
Nathan Peereboom: And how much are you paying your biller right now, Nicole?
Nichole McLeod: I think they're at, like, 3.5%.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay. Okay. Gotcha. Gotcha. Well, you know, obviously, like, You should totally, like, take this back. Think about it. But let me. Let me ask, like, what do you. What would you value as, like, the next steps here? I mean, I think you know that we would love to do credentialing for the rest of your team, if that's helpful. And I think that this, you know, the thing that we are good at. Is. We are like the, you know, we are like a pretty intense group of people. Like, we're very detail oriented. We're hyper analytical. We're technologists. So you should think about the credentialing as being something where you'd get the best service possible. Kind of like the job bill analysis. Version of that. You know where you're getting dashboards, you know exactly where everything is. It's all happening as fast as possible. If you do decide that you're interested in exploring an onshore billing team, I mean, I humbly think that, like, we would love to throw in our hats and, you know, if you're interested in making that switch, you know, we. You know, we would love to serve your practice. I know it's a big decision, so you can, like, think about it, but. But we do believe that, like, AI is going to be the way that insurance companies crush small practices. And the reason is that when you have the ability to litigate and. To audit every single note, like insurance companies will very soon have the ability to do. If you don't have a similarly sophisticated billing company, it's going to be like a pretty rocky few years. Not to say that that's like an impossible situation, but we do think that if there ever were a time now would be the time to really batten down the hatches and make sure that you were happy with that part of your business.
Nichole McLeod: So I'm somebody that.
Nathan Peereboom: Is pouring, right? I can still talk to you, but it's all coming down out here. Yeah.
Nichole McLeod: I would rather pay for the quality of something versus getting something that obviously with my billing team. Now, this was my credentialer. Who I basically started with. He is very nice. He's very kind. I will say the one thing that they do is they started taking over, calling patients and stuff like that. So when patients have issues or whatever. Sorry.
Nathan Peereboom: No, you're totally fine. Hey. Okay, I'm nice and dry now.
Nichole McLeod: I didn't. Okay, I'll look at that after anyway. I started with him as my credentialer. And then I'm a new np. Well, not a new np, but I'm a new business owner. This was somebody that. He was very kind. Still very kind. I did have firing him at one point because I was having some issues with the taxonomy and stuff like that.
Nathan Peereboom: Oh, interesting. So you knew about that?
Nichole McLeod: Well, I didn't know about the taxonomy. I knew there was some kind of issue with Medicare or something like that, so I got on with another biller who was also offshore when I found him. I thought he was in new york. Where? I'm in new york. I'm in buffalo, and I'm like, oh, perfect. He may have been in new york. But then my account manager ended up being Roger and. They were great and stuff. They were very nice. But I was still having the same issue. So I went back to Said who he is Offshore. And like I said, he's very sweet and funny enough, he owns one of the psych NP support group things in Facebook, and I put in there. Well, he's a moderator in there, and I put in there. I need a biller who encompasses everything, who can reach out to patients, because I don't have time to do it when they're coming to me and they're telling my practice manager, oh, this is wrong, and this is wrong, and I'M seeing patients. This is my data C patients. I usually see patients from 9 till 10 at night or 9 o'clock at night. I don't have time to be calling people saying, oh, well, this is what's wrong with this, And I don't have that time. So he did say that I put that in there, and he immediately called me the next day and was like, what are we doing wrong? And I said, well, I need you to call patients. I need you to talk to them. And I will say their accent kind of throws people off and stuff like that. Not to say he's not amazing. And he has fixed quite a few. He has fixed quite a few things for me, especially with patients and stuff like that. But being that they're offshore and being that things are done through email and through WhatsApp and through my system, That is my perfect system. I'm very much somebody that I would like to get on with an account manager and then be like, okay, this is what's going on. This is where we're at. This needed fix. We fixed it. It's done. It's taken care of. So I don't know if that's kind of what you guys do. I also want to make sure my NPS are documenting appropriately. I want to make sure that the claims that are going out are accurate. I don't, I don't want any fraud. I don't want any non compliance. Like I've hammered this home to them multiple times, Multiple, multiple times. Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: Nicole, Last time we were talking, did we go over jot on it?
Nichole McLeod: No. We ran out of time.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay? So the. The thing that you're describing, the reason why we got into billing was because we have a new special feature called jot Audit. And what jot audit lets you do. And just stop me if we already went through this, but it allows you to define. And you can give us documents, we'll write the rules, or you can do them yourself. But it allows us to define all these rules about how documentation happens. And what we do is every single note gets run through these rules so you can track compliance over time. You can, you know, see where there's a violation. You can modify the rule. You can see how different clinicians are doing on the rule, and then the clinicians themselves. You know when you go look at a note? You can actually see. The clinician can see, you know, hey, this is what I build for. I know you guys don't do 99213s, but, you know, imagine it's like a 99214 or a 99215, and you can see exactly what needs to be. Changed in order for the note to then be compliant. You can also have attestations that are mandatory. So if you want every single node to have a PDMP review on it, you can make it so you literally can't sign a note until that review has happened. So the goal is to take a clinic owner like you and put you in the driver's seat, because it's all going through. It's your reputation, it's your, you know, it's your business, it's your financial risk, it's your licensing risk. Everything that happens that's related. To your practice factors into you as an individual. And so when we think about why we're a great billing company, the reason is that we have taken all of these payer documents and we've infused the software with them so that it is extremely challenging to write a non compliant or fraudulent note. So, you know, if you. If you are. Well, let me ask this, actually.
Nathan Peereboom: What would it take for you to switch billing companies? What would you need to believe in order to. In order to. To switch to something like Jot Psych's billing company, which is called Job Bill.
Nichole McLeod: Essentially just, you know, I want to make sure it's something that I can affordability. I got to make sure it's affordable for the practice. I am. I just hired another np, so now there's, you know, instead of four of this, there's five of us. I'm not really seeing as many patients anymore. However, Menar is going to be coming in person, so she's going. To be start to seeing some more patients on Thursdays because she works another job. I'm also hiring three more NPs. Okay. So I'm trying to do whatever I can to bring the revenue up so that we can have the, you know, the. The premium, like my husband was saying. The premium billing company.
Nichole McLeod: Because, you know me dealing with issues and problems.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, you don't want to do that.
Nichole McLeod: I don't have time for it. I have too much stress already. To deal with problems that don't need to be. Don't need to be there.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay. Yeah. So. First of all, I'm just going to be totally honest with you. Like, we only do premium work. That's like. And. And that does mean we're more expensive than offshore. We're not an offshore company. You know, we're a US based technology and service company. So I think about there being the spectrum. On one end, you have, you know, offshore companies that are charging, like, 3 to 5% of revenue, and on the other side, you have MSOs that are charging, you know, 20 to 30% of revenue. We're right in the middle, so we. Well, not really in the middle, but we're close to the low end. But we charge 4 to 8%.
Nathan Peereboom: Now, the thing that you're wanting, though, is the 8%. Because you want patient collections. You want us to interface with the patient. You want to have a dedicated billing manager. You want to have someone who is looking at dollars and cents at every level, giving you analytics, talking you through, you know, how money is going in and out. And so I think that the price, you should just anchor on is 8%. Like, that's. That's the. That's the cost of the service. How does that sit with you? Does that feel like what you were expecting? I mean, that's very industry standard for this service, but does that, like, seem like it could work with for you?
Nichole McLeod: So, I mean, if you. I mean, I'd have to, like, break it down and see exactly, you know, how much that would be. Like, I don't know, 8% of $200 claim. I. I mean, I do think that. You know, it would probably. Let's see. Yeah, I. I do think that would be very well worth. My peace of mind. Is worth that. Because. And. And having somebody who knows what they're doing, knows what they're talking about. Knows business. And is able to kind of take that off my plate.
Nichole McLeod: That's worth it to me.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, I mean, that's. We hear that all the time, which is why, you know, we've offered this service.
Nichole McLeod: So I would have. The person would be, like, somebody I could talk to whenever. Like, they would be on with my clinic.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. I mean, they wouldn't be like a full time employee. They'd be just doing the billing, but they'd be someone you could meet with. They'd be someone who would interface with your patients. Yeah, they would be effectively, like, they would feel like that.
Nichole McLeod: If a patient called. They would be able to call this person, or they would be able to call us, and we would tell this person to call them.
Nathan Peereboom: They would be able to schedule time to talk with us, or they'd be able to send us a message that we could asynchronously respond to. We don't have, like, someone who's, like, sitting by the phone who's, like, just waiting for, like, one of your patients to call, like. That person has to work for other clinics as well. Like, I don't want to promise, like, oh, there's like, this. This one person who is spending 45 hours a week doing, you know, doing this job. Because the reality is, like, you know, it is like a service that is, you know, where people just do. Have to, like, you know how, you know how accessible we are, though. Like, you know, you've used jots. Like, you know that all you have to do is click on, you know, schedule a time and we're available. We would treat your patients the exact same way we treat you. And the reason is because it's all the same. Like the whole thing with a billing company is that we're all on the same team.
Nathan Peereboom: Our goal is to serve these patients, make them thrilled with your practice, have them refer other patients to you because their experience is so good that, like, the volume of patients you see goes up and up and up. And that's how our business grows, too. So. So everything related to your patient's experience is the base. Input to like how we think about how our business grows.
Nichole McLeod: Okay, so essentially, what I. I would like to see exactly how it would work. So if a patient was having an issue, like, what would they do with. How would they figure out, you know, would they call me screaming and then I, you know, or.
Nichole McLeod: Yeah, would they, you know, how would they schedule time so that, that's. Kind of what I want to see. It's exactly how it works. The other thing, before it runs out of my head, is how would. You know, if I were to do like the jot, the dot, AI scribe and audit and everything for my clinicians, I did look at go at your website and look at group sales and stuff like that. How would that work for with the ehr that I have now?
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, so you could make. There are a few different routes here. So the first thing is that if you so chose, you could use us as an ehr. You know, we have e prescription, we have lab orders, we have, you know, calendar, and we've got the EHR suite. You can also use this a la carte if you decided normally, the cost is $150 plus $69 for the auditing. But for you, instead of charging you that like $220. Per seat. We would bump it down to $99 a seat. Because you're with our billing company. So on a per seat basis, it's just $99 per clinician. And that's it.
Nichole McLeod: And that includes the e prescriber. No.
Nathan Peereboom: That does not. No.
Nathan Peereboom: If you decided to e prescribe, I think it's like a $69 charge as well. We get metered on the E prescription. We get meter on two things. We get meter on e prescription, and we get metered on eligibility checks because we have to work with partners who spend money to, like, make sure that system is all set up too. So we charge $0.90 per eligibility check and then if you are doing eprescription, There is an additional subscription charge of $69 per month per clinician.
Nichole McLeod: Per clinician. And $99 per clinician.
Nichole McLeod: Okay, so it'd be 90 cents per verification, benefits.
Nathan Peereboom: Yep, that's right. Okay.
Nichole McLeod: Essentially right now. Let me just see. So it'd be 3. 96 for all my clinicians. 69 times 4. 276.
Nichole McLeod: So it'd be 670 to use you as a ASR.
Nathan Peereboom: Yep, that's right. Or. Sorry I didn't do the math with you, but I think that. That if you're. If you're doing $169 times many clinicians you have, that's like the subscription rate. Yeah.
Nichole McLeod: So it came to 676. So I was off by 6.
Nichole McLeod: So right now I'm paying about. 250. With jane. Plus. I think $15 for each person to have the AI scribe.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, it's just a quality question. There's totally cheaper ways to do it, Nicole. And so here's a nice thing, though. Whether you start with credentialing, whether you start with billing, whether you start with using us as an ehr, it's totally. It's all a la carte. So you can choose exactly the toe dip that you want to make into us.
Nathan Peereboom: And there might be some things where you're like, hey, you know what? I'm actually going to stay with Jane for the full, like the main ehr. And we're just going to do notes in jot. Psych. It's a little cumbersome, but. But it might be what you want to do to save. What is that, 50 or $60 a month per clinician? That's totally fine. So it's. It's just a question of where you want quality.
Nichole McLeod: I also don't have to do the I also wouldn't have to do the eprescribe if I already have it e prescribed.
Nichole McLeod: If I didn't want to. So I could just do. If I wanted to do the EHR through you without the E prescribe, I could just do $99 per person. If I'm doing billing.
Nathan Peereboom: Exactly. Yep, that's right.
Nichole McLeod: And what would the billing look like? Like, how if I said, yep, let's do this. Like, what? What does that look like?
Nathan Peereboom: Like, it's really simple. We set you up for an intake meeting. We just have to collect a few, like, documents that we can get enrolled and, like, set. Up your. Like, configure your system with your contracts and your fee schedule. And then, you know, the actual experience of it is really easy. I mean, we turn it on. And all you do is sign notes. So you just see patients, you sign notes, you work with us on those rules, or, you know, we can pre bill them for you. But you don't think about billing. Except every month we meet with you and give you, like, a financial review, and you have a dashboard and all of that. But, but, but it is really like, you're not doing that much with billing. Like, you're just signing notes. Okay, so.
Nichole McLeod: But I'm doing the notes in jot Psych. Or I'm doing the notes in Jane.
Nathan Peereboom: No, they have to be done in job site. Because again, our advantage as a billing company is that we can audit the notes. Like, code the notes, submit and save the notes in a single system that allows us to defend, litigate, appeal, and also, just like, write the correct data into the note.
Nichole McLeod: Okay?
Nathan Peereboom: Because here's the thing. We don't want. We don't want you to submit a bunch of claims. They go through, and then. And then, like, an insurance company comes back and audits you and a bunch gets clawed back. That's a bad thing for our reputation. So in our minds, we're. Like, we want to make sure that not only are you getting paid fast and early and, you know, at a high level, but if an insurance company ever comes to look at your notes and look at what we've been creating with you, it's bulletproof. So we really do like, that's the thing. We want to own. We want to own the Node.
Nichole McLeod: Okay, so essentially, you would take over. I would. I would sign up with you as my EHR. $99 per clinician.
Nichole McLeod: They would be able to do the AI scribe. Get their notes and use the audit as well. Or is the audit an extra charge?
Nathan Peereboom: Nope. The audit we throw in as a part of doing billing with us. Usually it's like $70.69 a month, but we throw that in for free if you're doing billing with us.
Nichole McLeod: Okay? And so essentially, they get on with their patient. They can use the AI scribe in there. They do the note. They can do the audit, and then they sign the note and you take it from there with billing.
Nathan Peereboom: Yep, that's exactly right. It's really easy. It's like super, super hands off.
Nichole McLeod: I love that. Not even a lie.
Nathan Peereboom: You know?
Nichole McLeod: The stuff. The amount of stuff we do now is just. What about, like, getting us set up? On the ehr or like all the patients that I have.
Nathan Peereboom: If you do decide to sign a billing MSA with us, we'll do that data transition for free in under 24 hours.
Nichole McLeod: So everybody will be in there. Okay, what about and I have access to sending out the. You know, the Gad 7, the PhQ 9, all that stuff to the patients.
Nathan Peereboom: Yes. So anytime you see a patient and you want to send them a form, you can, you know, you can just click this, send the form directly to them. You can see all the forms here. You can modify them, you can change them. And you can also see them within the patient records themselves, so you can track that data over time.
Nichole McLeod: Okay, and how would. How would a provider.
Nichole McLeod: I mean, I know this is probably getting more to, like, the nitty gritty than. Than you need to get with me, but how would. The provider schedule in.
Nathan Peereboom: There. Okay, so the way that the schedule works is you just go to schedule. And then you can put in whatever, you know, appointments you want. And when you add an appointment, you can set auto reminders. You can also attach forms to it so you can say, hey, every time I see someone for an intake, I want these three forms filled out. And it's automated so you don't have to revisit it every time. They just get the. You know, they get the forms when you schedule the appointment. So, yeah, it's a pretty standard but extremely robust classic scheduling system.
Nichole McLeod: Okay? Ok. I kind of think I want to do this.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. Well, Nicole, if you do, I'll send you send you a bottle of champagne this week.
Nichole McLeod: Okay? I do want. I don't know if you could do another appointment. I have more questions. Like I would like to just make sure I have everything in there that I need want from my other ehr and stuff like. That.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, I can. I can kick my next appointment back a little bit if you wanted to keep talking.
Nichole McLeod: Okay, so essentially I say, okay, let's. Let's look at doing this.
Nathan Peereboom: So I'll walk you through the process, okay?
Nichole McLeod: Sounds good.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, so you say, nate, I want to do billing with you guys. And I want to do. I want. I want folks to use this as an ehr. First thing that I do is I send you the msa. You just sign the msa? Second thing I do is I set you up with one of our engineers. We do the data transition, so that way nothing has changed with Jane. All that's changed is that when you and your team are in jobs like as an EHR or as an AI scribe, all the data is already in there. After that because you guys are a group practice. We would actually be game to come down and visit you in person. Where are you located again, Nicole?
Nichole McLeod: Buffalo, New York, come up.
Nathan Peereboom: We. We'd be super amenable to coming to visit you in person and do, like, a full day with your practice and the way that day would work. And we do this with practices all over. We spend the morning doing some shadowing. We do a lunch and learn where we order a bunch of food. We get everyone around a table. We just do some like, hey, look, we're real human beings. This is how the software works. We built this for you. We send usually. Two people to each of those.
Nathan Peereboom: And then in the afternoon, we do some more shadowing. And the benefit to us. Is, it's a little bit of like a research activity for us because we, again, our whole strategy is that we want you to have a really mind bendingly amazing experience with the software and with our services. So if we can come in and understand the nuances of your practice, what you care about, how your workflow is even the details. Like, when we go, we'll take notes on the physical layout of your office because we want to know. And I know you're working at home, but, like, I'm at my office right now. Oh, you are? Okay, you fooled me. So, you know, even those details help us understand you. Know how you think about the world and what you need. Like, I don't know if you probably have, like, a page with certain codes that you've, like, scotch taped to the back of the monitor or whatever, so that those kinds of details, we like to come and understand those fully. So we'll do that. We'll get everyone using job psych now. Again, you're still on Jane. So you haven't changed anything with Jane. If we come to visit you and you're just like, this is horrible. I don't like these people at all. You can stay on Jane. Nothing's. Changed. At the same time that we're doing that, though, we're collecting from you. We're having you meet with our billing team, and we're collecting all of your documents, and we're starting to seed your account with the documents. So when you write a note, if it's the Blue Cross Blue Shield or you don't do. I guess you don't do Blue Cross. Blue Shield, actually. Do you?
Nichole McLeod: Yeah, we do. High. Mark?
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. Oh, hi, Mark. Hi, Mark. Is that okay? I was thinking we'll just start, like, getting all that information set. And then whenever you want to, like, flip the switch, you just flip the switch. And it's super, super straightforward. But, but it's a white glove service. There's no getting around it. It's white glove, it's high touch, it's long term. And, and that's, that's the process.
Nichole McLeod: It's really all about my providers, like, will they exactly know what they're doing, like, how to document and, like, how to use everything.
Nathan Peereboom: Like, after that day, Yeah, they will, but they also have full access to us all the time. And if you go to your Johnson account right now and you go up to help, you can book time with any of our team members, like, at any point. There's not, like, a limit on that, so. So we will, of course, do the lunch. And learn. We'll, of course, like, kind of help people, like in this onboarding stage, but it's ongoing, so they're always able to reach out. And you can also say to us, This happens all the time. We have this. We have this clinic down in Florida where every time a new clinician, like, joins, they're like, hey, would you just do like a one on one session with them? And we do, because it's great for us. You know, we love when someone can. It doesn't. It doesn't benefit us at all to have people not using the software. So. So, yeah, we're, like, incredibly available, and we're pretty adamant about needing people to enjoy using it because tool change is always a little hard, you know? But. But you've used Jaws. Like, it's really easy. I mean, it's like one button, and then, I mean, it's super, super easy.
Nichole McLeod: I will say it's a little confusing. I've been using the free trial that you gave me. I feel like I need a little bit of. Like, I have watched the video, and there's, like, a lot of different things.
Nichole McLeod: And I'm still using it. Like I said, I use it today for some notes. There's still a couple things where I'm like, oh, like, well, how do you do this and how do you do that? Another thing would be, like, our templates. Like, I know we can design them, but, you know, you guys also have a lot of them. I'd like them to be, as you know.
Nathan Peereboom: I guess.
Nichole McLeod: Compliant as possible.
Nathan Peereboom: This is part of our billing service. We like to do, like, two templates for you. An intake and then the follow up. And you have a very, like, typical shape, you know, in terms of like, it's a 992 and four or a 99215 with an ad on psychotherapy, like that's. Very like. Like, we kind of. We know how to do that. So we would probably build you like a recommended template, and of course, you can tweak it, but. But we do that. And then the other thing is that when you build a template as the owner, you can lock the template so that only you can modify that template even though everyone in your practice is using it. So all your notes can come out with the same rules format, styling, etc. Okay?
Nichole McLeod: I like everything. I want to be more familiar with jot's, like, also, like, with it. Because I'm using the AI scribe right now.
Nathan Peereboom: Totally.
Nichole McLeod: I don't want them to, like, be like, oh, she's just making a. You know, I would like to be a little bit more familiar before I tell them.
Nichole McLeod: And you know change is going to be. A big thing.
Nathan Peereboom: So well, maybe I can suggest something that would be like a good toe dip. As you're thinking about this. One thing that we could do is we could just do a classic pilot for you. Like a classic jots like pilot, where, you know, usually it's like $499. We come out and we'll. We'll give you guys a month on the software for free. Everyone gets unlimited access, no barriers. And that way everyone can kind of get used to it. They can get to know us. And if that, if usability is, like, part of the question here, like a pilot program, is a really, really good way to de risk that.
Nichole McLeod: Okay. And it's a one time499.
Nathan Peereboom: Yep, exactly. Okay? All right.
Nichole McLeod: Yeah, that might be a good idea.
Nathan Peereboom: That might be a good idea. Yeah.
Nichole McLeod: Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: What about. Let's just go, like, chronologically here. Credentialing. Is that still something that you want support in? Yes.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, so should we kick that off? Like, just because it's a no regret thing whether or not you stay with us or go? Like, you need to be credentialed. Should we just get that rolling?
Nichole McLeod: I don't have anything yet for my np, so our RN license expired in New York. She's actually in North Carolina, but she's. She is licensed. Like, a licensed NP here. So she's literally waiting on her RN license and her DEA license for New York. So as soon as she has everything, I will have you guys do it.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, cool. Okay, great.
Nichole McLeod: I'm just waiting on her, and then I'm. I have an interview tomorrow with another np, and I have an interview on Friday with another np, so as soon as I make the decision on whether or not I bring them on. Then we can. We can do credentialing.
Nathan Peereboom: Amazing. Okay, great. Well, Nicole, what else can I. I mean, just as you're thinking this through, how else can I be helpful? What other questions can I answer?
Nichole McLeod: I just want to make sure there's no hidden surprises with any fees. I just want to make sure it's the $99 per person, you know, for the. For them using the ehr. I love that you guys would come out here and show everybody how to use it and do all that, because we're all going to need it. I. I love the fact that literally, they can do the note with the AI scribe, they can do the audit, and then you guys just take care of it. So I. I love all that. The only thing I would say is that, you know. I do have patients who call and, you know, I do kind of want to see a little bit how that would work, like, okay. Like, how would that work where somebody's calling and they're like, well, why was I charged this much? Or why is my. My insurance rate this much? Or. Or whatever their complaint is? Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: Well, I can. I can tell you, Nicole, that the way it would work is there would be a scheduling link where they would just pick a time with us and we would have one of our customer success agents. Look at their account and we'd be able to see what the eligibility check said. Right. We'd be able to see that and we'd be able to see what you actually. What CPT code we charged for for the visit. And that's. Those are the two things that go into explaining that. So it would just be like, you schedule time. You get to talk with us. I don't think it would be, like, an open phone line. So if that's a thing where you're like, I need to have it so that, like, anytime, day or night, someone can pick up the phone and, like, call this number. That's not something that we currently offer.
Nichole McLeod: Okay?
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, but we could say, for example, like, hey, the turnaround is like. Like they need to be able to schedule same day or something like that. You know, like, we could. We could write that into the contract they have to schedule.
Nichole McLeod: Like, you guys wouldn't reach out to them.
Nathan Peereboom: Oh, well, we would, you know, we would do reminders for payment. You know, like, we want. We want to make sure you get paid. So we would do that, but we wouldn't, like. Without a reason to schedule, we wouldn't be like having like one on one consultations with your patients now.
Nichole McLeod: And when you do have the one on the, if they do schedule to talk to you guys about their bill or whatever, like, is it like this or is it just a phone call or it's like.
Nathan Peereboom: This, okay? I mean, and we could do. We could do a phone number, too, though. Like, one. There's a clinic that just had us set up a phone line for. For their clinicians. And so that, like, their clinicians could always call us. And so we do let that happen. So if someone. If you were like, hey, I want to make sure my clinicians have ready access to a phone number where they can call you. That we do allow. It's just not with patients. Like, the patient, like, expands it, like, too much. So. But. But if what you were saying was I want my patients to be able to call and schedule a time or when they scheduled, I want there to be a phone number that's extremely doable.
Nichole McLeod: Okay, one other question. So with Jane, we do have the messaging, so patients can message their. Their providers directly. So, you know, if they don't want to send us an email and it's something regarding treatment or medication, is that available in jots?
Nathan Peereboom: Like, right now, we don't have, like, an internal messaging platform. We have one way communications, but there's not like a chat feature with patients. Now.
Nichole McLeod: Okay. Is that something you guys are working on?
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, that's probably, like, early summer. That's, like, scheduled for early summer on the roadmap. Everything related to, like, patient communications and portal and all that.
Nichole McLeod: Okay. Because right now, like I said, we. We do get a lot of messaging. From our Jane messages where the patients are able to reach out to us and talk to us and, you know, you know, say whatever it is that they need or their concerns.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. Yeah, that makes sense.
Nichole McLeod: And what about sending them files or something? Or them uploading something for us, like their lab results or something like that?
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. So we. We set up a private, like, email address. They just email the files and then they get put into the right place.
Nichole McLeod: Okay? Yeah. But what about like. Like we send them sometimes we'll send them worksheets or something.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. So that is, you can send through through forms. So if you go through forms, go to Forbes Library and you can create whatever kind of form you want. And you can edit it and, like, you know, you can make these into worksheets. The other thing you can do is you can generate a worksheet. Like, what's an example worksheet that you would generate?
Nichole McLeod: Like, I send them sometimes, like, something that I made. It was like a diet worksheet that just tells you.
Nichole McLeod: You know, stuff that helps with foods that help with depression and foods you want to stay, stay away from.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, so what this will do is it basically will take the patient record along with the, you know, whatever you put into that box, and it will generate. A full customized worksheet or plan or any document, you should choose based on that. So, and then, you know, you'll be able to, you know, see the content. You can modify it, you can save it as a template, you can share it in any way. So this is the function that we use for everything that you're describing around, you know, sending patients documents and creating things like worksheets.
Nichole McLeod: Okay? Wow. That's pretty nice.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. Yeah. I think it's one of our coolest features, people. No one. No one thinks it's as cool as I think it is, but it's the feature that I think it's the most.
Nichole McLeod: You do that with, like, medication, information sheets, too.
Nathan Peereboom: It's completely arbitrary. You can literally put. I'll just show it one more time. This. This little box. You can literally put whatever you want, and it will create that document based on what you ask for, plus. Plus like the patient record.
Nichole McLeod: Wow.
Nathan Peereboom: It saves a lot of time.
Nichole McLeod: Okay. And so patients. So they wouldn't. How. How would they interact with this system?
Nathan Peereboom: Like.
Nichole McLeod: Like paying their bills and stuff like that.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, so if you like, when we send patient payments, they receive them via text. So they just open up the payment on their phone and they just pay it through their phone. Okay.
Nichole McLeod: Do they see, like, their invoice or anything?
Nathan Peereboom: We can send invoices. That's pretty easy. But, like, most people don't ask for that. Most people just want, like, to be able to swipe a credit card.
Nichole McLeod: What about super bills and stuff like that?
Nathan Peereboom: Right now. Let's see. How do super bills work? We don't have, like, a formal. Like, this is a super bill, but you're just able to see in bill patients, like, all the receipts for those charges, because it's like a line for every single patient, and then there's like, a receipt. Or to the invoice, we use stripe. So Stripe, you know, creates, like, an invoice receipt for every payment that comes through.
Nichole McLeod: Yeah, but if. But if I have a patient, that. So we have some patients that we're seeing. Who? We don't take their insurance yet.
Nichole McLeod: We're still waiting.
Nichole McLeod: How would I. And they want to. They want a super bill so they can submit it to their insurance. So how would I give them something like that?
Nathan Peereboom: Probably through this. You'd probably say something like, write a super bill for the $200. 2, 1, 3, 8. I know. I'll do that. And then you could save this as a template. And you can modify this however you want. And then you can send it directly to them. So you can make a super bill in the generate document. Tool.
Nichole McLeod: Okay? Okay? I think that maybe we do. I'm thinking about the pilot thing. Pretty cool. I'm gonna talk to Cindy. She's like my copilot, I guess you could say. And then when would we be able to reconnect?
Nathan Peereboom: Let's see. How does Friday morning sound?
Nichole McLeod: That is good. I just have one appointment till 9:40. Great.
Nathan Peereboom: Let's meet at 10.
Nichole McLeod: Perfect.
Nathan Peereboom: All right, Perfect. So, Nicole, I'll see you at 10 o'clock on Friday morning. And we will just. I'm just going to title this pilot Logistics.
Nichole McLeod: Okay, sounds good.
Nathan Peereboom: All right. All right. Perfect.
Nichole McLeod: Awesome.
Nathan Peereboom: Thank you for today.
Nichole McLeod: Thanks for spending all that time with me to go over everything.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, of course. Anytime. Really excited. Hope this works out. And thank you for just being, like, curious and being open to having a circuit. We really want to make this work. Ok.
Nichole McLeod: Yeah. I definitely want something to be a lot more streamlined.
Nathan Peereboom: All right. Us, too. Well, thank you so much. Have a wonderful. I hope your week gets a little bit better than it has been, okay?
Nichole McLeod: Hopefully it will, but it should. Thank you. I appreciate it.
Nathan Peereboom: All right, lovely. Take care. Thank you.