Jack Waugh: Good, pretty good.
Christopher Hume: Awesome. How is the new list? Or the not the new list? How are the warm leads treating you?
Jack Waugh: Yeah, they're good so far. I've booked, I actually should check how many. I think maybe four meetings so far.
Christopher Hume: So when did we get you started on these people?
Jack Waugh: I just started yesterday on it. So it's been.
Christopher Hume: And do you know. The clinic size?
Jack Waugh: I don't yet because I haven't actually met with anyone yet. I think the first two are today.
Christopher Hume: Okay. Yeah, just let me know. We probably need to figure out in HubSpot how. Yeah, because it should say in HubSpot, can you just give me someone's name from today?
Jack Waugh: Yeah Pam Gatfield. Now she actually her and one other person I think booked over text. So it's probably worth noting that the texts for this group seem to be working.
Christopher Hume: Okay.
Jack Waugh: For what it's worth.
Christopher Hume: Awesome. Awesome. Let me just see what's going on with her. So Pamela is a solo. But she's the owner CEO. So I think that's a great job bill opportunity. I'm just going to check your calendar real quick. I could give you a heads up if anyone's like. Art Wilson is the other one.
Jack Waugh: Yeah, we'll see. He was a quicker phone call.
Christopher Hume: So.
Jack Waugh: We'll see what happens there.
Christopher Hume: Okay. He is the owner CEO of a three person clinic.
Jack Waugh: Awesome.
Christopher Hume: Cool. That's pretty legit.
Jack Waugh: Let me see.
Christopher Hume: Other spot check all yours and I'll share my screen so you can see where I'm looking at this. Show is. One. But if you scroll down to this form submission. You have all this info. Let me know if you don't have access.
Jack Waugh: Activities. Okay. Yeah, let me check that out right now. Form submission. Yep.
Christopher Hume: Now I'm just looking for fun. Bunch of solos. That's okay. Rhonda, I guess she's the last one.
Jack Waugh: Rhonda. Trying to see who that is.
Christopher Hume: For a while, a different channel. I don't know dude lots of carbs.
Jack Waugh: Yeah.
Christopher Hume: Okay, awesome. From. A work perspective, anything else I can help with, any feedback you have for me, what's working, what's not working.
Jack Waugh: Nothing too new, you know, so far. You know, I've just called through, I did yesterday of this list and then finished up the NPEZ list Monday, Tuesday. So pretty much status quo.
Christopher Hume: How is the flow of leads from the Facebook list? Like you have enough, do you have not enough what's going on there?
Jack Waugh: It seems good. Yeah. The only issue is that some of the people are still showing up as enrolled in a sequence.
Christopher Hume: So, you know, if you could just like tell me, could you send me the name of one person who's in that situation? I'll just like troubleshoot and see what's going on there.
Jack Waugh: Yeah. Sure. No problem.
Christopher Hume: Cool. Yeah, I think this is pretty exciting. Like how many people did you call to book those four meetings?
Jack Waugh: Let's see. I voted probably. I'd have to see how many people I loaded in because I didn't do like the whole thing at once so it didn't. Pile up. But. I could check and give you more accurate number.
Christopher Hume: Yeah, I'm just like have you called 40 or have you called 100?
Jack Waugh: It's not 100 maybe maybe 50 or over.
Christopher Hume: But you're still going through you're still going through.
Jack Waugh: Right. I'm still going through so I haven't you know, I did I took John's advice on that and loaded.
Christopher Hume: In, you know, even the sections you loaded you still have some calls to make right.
Jack Waugh: Correct yeah, so I mean I'll load another in today but yeah, no there's still still asked me a little while yeah so we are gonna.
Christopher Hume: Yeah, I mean we're gonna be pretty lockstep on this next week I'm sitting sometimes weekend. Some time this weekend. Just like making sure that we're like I'm really buttoned up in how we're tracking this because I want to make sure. Yeah, we like know like have a signal like okay we're just gonna do all forms we're gonna pour money into forms and let it rip or hey like cold outbound is actually the way to go even if it hurts so I'll have some more details for you on how we want to track this next week probably won't change anything for you but just you know I'll be pretty engaged on this effort.
Christopher Hume: Cool yeah then the other thing we had to discuss is kind of comp and like bridge bonus and all that good stuff so do you have anything just like tactically work related before we jump into that?
Jack Waugh: No nothing else stands out okay.
Christopher Hume: Okay so the first thing I just kind of want to walk you through is so I know you're asking for kind of a bridge or a guaranteed baseline. And I think that was. Yeah that was like the main thing we had to discuss here so I wanted to kind of walk you through kind of the option here and just like make sure that you have enough yeah that you feel like all the decisions you're making you have plenty of time so first for March we're just gonna do your average just because like this was a transition month no one's gonna convert anyway so we want to make you all there for April I think or I think what we're going to offer is let me just do the math again really quickly but I want to like guarantee you a floor of. Sorry the drum roll please tested the math again before I. Yeah guaranteed bonus of 1600 and then if you exceed that of course like I hope you exceed it and you go crazy and so that would make sure that the minimum you're earning is averaging out to $50 an hour so that's where that came from I hope I hope that you're exceeding that and that as we're piping you these warm leads this isn't even a conversation but in terms of like a long term guarantee of like $60 an hour that's just something financially we can't do yeah just cuz it could end up with us really in the hole. And so I just think.
Jack Waugh: That.
Christopher Hume: This is kind of the structure we're going to go with and I want to make sure that like one I'm clear and it's not like oh well this month you're just not going to get paid appropriately and you're not going to know what your paycheck is because like you're here for a job and like I really respect that and I hope that's come through. I want to make sure that like as there's changes we're kind of doing those lowly and giving you an opportunity like okay next month maybe it's not going to be your best month, but it's not going to be a washout. And you can see how this bonus structure works for you. And so like my asked so essentially. The guarantee is that you're going to make $50 an hour and the ask is that you use this month as yeah, you see if you're happy with kind of the bonus outcomes and then we can hopefully it's just like off to the races and we don't have to have this conversation again. But if it's something that isn't really meeting your expectations, it's not a sudden change or one where you're completely. Getting hosed out of nowhere.
Jack Waugh: Yeah, so I did have a question for you just to put a pin in that for one second on the actual bonus structure so I think I'm understanding it. But so just on the first page
Christopher Hume: you share your screen just so we're looking at the same thing.
Jack Waugh: Yes, let me open this up here one second. Can you see this?
Christopher Hume: Yes sir.
Jack Waugh: All right so. Okay so basically with tier three on any old outbound product it's 150% of the first month price and that's. Per seat right so if this is whatever a one person jot bill or like let's say a two person jot bill that would be a hundred times 1.5
Christopher Hume: right and so I should be very clear that that is and that's an estimated value like we can't say like off the dome like this solo provider is going. To we're going to make $400 from that the first month because they could be like one of those maniacs who work seven days a week or then be someone who works two days a week but that is we're roughly estimating that it's like worth 400 bucks a month per provider and just to be clear Jack the like the internal upsell is going to be like retitled warm so that is going to be like the stuff we pipe you the people who are like hey I want more like schedule these I'm either I want you to schedule a meeting with me and cold is like the empez list the other cold outbound lists yeah so just to be very clear about the distinction there.
Jack Waugh: Yeah got you so you know understood yeah being the estimated amount that they would bring in but it is it's that times the number of seats times.
Christopher Hume: 1.5 yes and to be clear it's cold right yout're also selling them jot psych. Right so they're paying $150 a month for the yeah
Jack Waugh: okay got it so I think this is the part then where I was getting confused was on page two okay was this section of the estimated bonus per month? Because okay maybe and maybe I'm misunderstanding
Christopher Hume: no no it could be that I messed up the math it could be I must
Jack Waugh: yeah I think this is what was where I was trying to figure out so if it's two deals per month which makes sense off of seven yeah so but this would be two jot bill seats per deal on average of just approximating right
Christopher Hume: so this has it broken up. That half of the deals are job bill and half the deals are job psych.
Jack Waugh: Is where you okay. So.
Christopher Hume: Sorry you can continue asking your question but that's like the weird thing about how this is set up.
Jack Waugh: Okay yeah I think that's where I'm getting so because what I would have assumed is if we book. Seven meetings for oh okay. Okay I'm trying to think about that. Well theoretically if we're booking seven meetings it would just depend on how many of them are job bill meetings versus jot psych meetings then yeah exactly yeah yeah so
Christopher Hume: if you if you do you think this bonus is low is that your question
Jack Waugh: well I don't know I'm just trying to figure out like I'm not sure where these number like the 550
Christopher Hume: I don't know let's just change that percent of deals that are job sec just change that to zero. Top if you go up like six down two. Down one more. Oh just change that to a zero
Jack Waugh: sure oh and then plug that in yeah. Okay so just depends on oh
Christopher Hume: I see so now it's the average month is 800 because we're selling two people at the $400 a month bonus is 150% and you're closing a little over two deals a month. The reason it was juiced down a little bit is because it was the assumption that half the people you're just going to self subscribe to.
Jack Waugh: Okay understood. Okay I think that answers the question so it's really just about we just don't know how many people are going to be.
Christopher Hume: Job no so I did I'm like 50. You0're going to get a lot of solo providers and you're going to get a couple big fish it's probably going to add out to two do for per person.
Christopher Hume: Gotcha okay and then it sounds like the inside sales is actually pretty. On track I think we're probably going to get more than three books three meetings booked a week from that. So that's probably going to be a little higher and like cold outbound especially as we scale you back is probably going to be a little lower.
Jack Waugh: Gotcha. Yeah that makes sense. I'm trying to think if. Okay so. Then I guess only other question is like when we're anticipating these numbers here are we anticipating that half of these will be a jot psych versus job bill or is it just
Christopher Hume: kind of be honest to be honest I was just like I think 50 50 sounds fair because we're trying to pitch jot Bill a lot of people just end up wanting jot psych but that was to be like a little bit of a swag. 5050 let's like assume a pretty small seat size just so like yeah I was trying to be conservative here not like. Yeah all we're going to be dropping they're all going to be big clinics and you're going to make so much money because that's like not very good that just means you have to have another conversation in a month.
Jack Waugh: Yeah totally no I got that. Okay well I mean the other question I had then was as far as like number of seats so you know I if I was selling this to a clinic of like 10 people I'd assume there's no. App on that so.
Christopher Hume: Horrible best practice of me but no I am like at this point Jack if you close a a 10 person clinic on Jotville hell yeah you're getting your money like I yeah we're not going to cap we're not going to cap here. Okay maybe someday when we have like a huge operating machine and whatever like we'll have to but like no for the next foreseeable future I'm not worrying about capping people.
Jack Waugh: Okay.
Christopher Hume: Yeah I think that okay that you owe you one one thing Jack just to I need to figure out how you're going to be compensated for one off payments like if someone if you sell someone jot no and then they screw off and you just need to figure out what percentage you want to give you honest like I don't think that's going to be a. Huge percentage of your bonus so I would like kind of see that as like. Wrinkles on top if you're definitely getting compensated but like you want to be happy with the bonus you're getting from the recurring revenue because we can compensate you more because like yeah the compensation on a one off $300 sale is like not going to be super significant so like make sure you're happy with this and then we will I will make sure that you get something but like if you're not happy with this already it's not going to move the needle.
Jack Waugh: Okay yeah that helps to I think. Yeah I think those were my main questions about the comp thing so I'll double check that and you know obviously I don't want to stretch it out I know we've been talking about it so yeah just like last review I
Christopher Hume: gave you through everything if we could kind of just again like. One position I am the guy managing the sales team so I do want to put this behind us but it's like a human I do understand that this is like. Some people don't find the most important part of the job. I certainly do that's the whole reason I'm here. I understand that's why you're here. As there's changes like this I want to make sure we're giving you a ton of upside but we just have to make sure it's economically rational. So as these changes happen. Hope it's not a concern. I hope you're going to make a shit ton of money. I hope you're going to make more money. But if for whatever reason you're not, I just want it to be kind of. You know it's coming before it comes, you know. So that's why the $1,600 guarantee the floor. I mean you've done a great work Jack. I've been so, so impressed with you. So I want to make sure yeah you're not in a really tough spot but we just have to make sure it's economically viable. So that's the number came from.
Jack Waugh: Okay and yeah that was my only other question. So as far as the guarantee like is there a timeline for how long this could be in place for?
Christopher Hume: That is only going to be April. So it's going to be we're going to give you the average this month we're going to guarantee your bottom in April. And I think that should be enough time for you to see, hey am I happy with this moving forward? Am I not happy with this moving forward because you're trying to move to like a much more standardized bonus structure everyone on the same thing. Everyone knows the expectations. You and Emily coming in in a lot of change and being the trailblazers. I'm going, I'm giving a little bit more flexibility to and a little bit more guarantee to but that's not something that other people are going to receive. So yeah, so this will be through April and then it's kind of up to you Jack on whether or not this is still a good fit.
Jack Waugh: Okay sounds good. Yeah. I'm going to check all this out over the weekend the percentages like I said look fair to me. It looks like a reasonable commission rate. So I'm not. That's not the issue. I just wanted to make sure my. Commission I think I'm understanding how this chart's working though only other question was like as far as like learning about this process to sell job. I want to make sure I have a full understanding of that. Yeah.
Christopher Hume: We'll pull you into some meetings. Okay. So you'll see people pitch it and so you're allowed to do full site. So you'll be able to do full cycle. Sorry, saw customer support then come through Jesus Christ. I can't deal with it dude. I still porta potty someday porta potties. I can't deal with this. So it's easy and hard to break. Okay I'm stoked about the warm leads coming in. I would say my only advice to you is make sure you check how big the group is and like dude the people who are big groups like I don't care what you do like you can call them six times in a day like I put like a pretty generic sequence but like I want you and me to be incentivized like we get those people into meetings.
Jack Waugh: Yeah, totally. I know. I know I mean I guess some of these people coming through are possibly bigger fish
Christopher Hume: like also if you want to keep your eye I'll send you the see if I can send you the link to where the form auto populates. You might when people are. Like come in it's like a seven person group it's a CEO like I want you to be empowered to like bam like let's just hit them like minute like you know people think about that don't worry about that today. I'll give you some ideas on Monday once you're content with everything but yeah just let it rip. Dude you like actually cannot call these people too much because they gave us permission.
Christopher Hume: True good point yeah we're not going to get in trouble if they tell us stop of course but like let's get it.
Jack Waugh: Cool all right. Sounds good.
Christopher Hume: Any last things Jack?
Jack Waugh: No no I think I think that's everything yeah. I'm going to check all this out and just make sure yeah, I just I just was I think what I was looking at this I was seeing like three seats in one spot
Christopher Hume: and then like yeah it was kind of wonky it was kind of wonky it's what happens when you like speed run package using cloud code heavily and like oh yeah it kind of makes sense looks good.
Christopher Hume: No problem but yeah okay you're man thanks Jack thanks appreciate it.