Tomás Quinteros: Usually, well, it was like a business valuation app and we had like different agents to like parse, you know, data from PDFs and stuff like that. So I did a lot of work with AI. We used a lot of cloud code to. And so I was interested in, you know, keep working with AI. And since this app specifically, like deals with audio a lot and like transcription and stuff like that, I thought that was like an interesting way of using AI that I would like to learn more about.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah, definitely. I mean, we're doing some really cool stuff and we're definitely doing a lot of things for the agents right now and Claude code and actually a lot of what I think we would have a summer software engineer work on is like helping the team build tools for the team, you know, using cloud code and agents and stuff like that to help us do more observability, to help us do research, you know. So it sounds like you have some pretty relevant skills there. Can you just tell me a little bit about your current status as a student?
Jackson Bierfeldt: Like what you're studying, what you're planning on doing and then how you're like software engineering background fits in?
Tomás Quinteros: Yeah, sure. So right now I'm a third year at the University of Chicago, studying computer science. And right now the classes that I'm taking are mostly related to robotics and machine learning, so more like human computer interaction or robotics, more on that side. But I've been a software developer for a few years now, ever since I started college. So almost three years ago. I work in the research computing center at the university. So there I'm an app developer. And what I do is I create apps for professors to like display data, I make visualizations for stuff or to analyze data, stuff like that. And I have done some internships in the past too. The first one was like a gaming app. It was like sports betting, but with food, so you would bet on like fries and stuff like that. So that one was super fun because it was mobile to, you know, we had to like develop the web app and then with Capacitor, we port it to iOS and Android.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Okay, cool.
Jackson Bierfeldt: So yeah, you have a lot of. Is most of your experience in the web development world, like Typescript, Python kind of stuff?
Tomás Quinteros: Yeah, yeah, mostly I would say, like. Probably like 60% of my time I spend with Typescript and like React and stuff like that. And then a lot of Python too.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah, no, that's good. I mean that's honestly the most useful thing these days. So.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah, there's no, no trouble with that. Okay, great. Well. And what about your, you know, so you're going into your fourth year next year. Do you have any plans yet of kind of what you want to do? Are you trying to do something more academic? Are you trying to do a software development job? What are you looking for after graduation?
Tomás Quinteros: Yeah, so I like to keep my options open, you know, a lot. So I'm doing a bit of everything. I applied to like master's programs in or in computer science and more specific fields like computational social science. I. I'm also like obviously applying to internships. So I'm thinking, you know, I might, I might take a few years just working before I continue with a master's. But yeah, I keep my options open. I haven't really decided.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yes, that sounds great. I, I went to UChicago too and I went, I went to and taught English in Austria afterwards before I did anything else. So I understand sometimes wanting to just be like, I don't know, let me just go try something else. So that's great. What are, what are you looking for? So are you looking specifically for a summer internship right now or are you looking for something that could start during the school year as well?
Tomás Quinteros: That could start. I could start durian.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Sorry, are you looking just for something that starts in the summer or are you also looking for something that you would start in like spring quarter part time?
Tomás Quinteros: Yeah. Yeah. Well, if, you know, if there's a chance to start in the spring, more like the 10 to 15 hour side, I would be okay with that too. Yeah.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Okay, great. Awesome. And then what can I tell you about Jackson?
Jackson Bierfeldt: What questions do you have for, for me?
Tomás Quinteros: Yeah, I guess, you know, what's your team like for software development? Like you have many like senior developers and then a few interns or. Yeah, what people is composed of?
Jackson Bierfeldt: Great question. So jot. Psych as an entire company? We're very small. I think we're about 10 full time employees across the whole organization and we work with a lot of contractors and part time people as well who help out, but very small team. And then our engineering side, our product side is just six people total. So we have a product manager and then we have, you know, three other engineers and me. Actually, I guess that's five. That's five, not six, but yeah, I'm thinking aspirationally here, but we're a very small team that just like works very hard and we're making great use of like AI tooling these days to like really do more and more and more with a smaller number of people. So that's the, that's the environment you'd be stepping into. It's mostly, you know, senior and then like very senior engineers. We don't currently have any juniors or interns on the team, but we're looking to, you know, bring somebody in and, and start doing projects.
Tomás Quinteros: Yeah, makes sense. And I guess, you know, I, I was wondering about the culture around like shipping features. Like, do you usually. Because like at, at my last internship, we will like, you know, work on a feature a day, ship it the same day, then try it after. And like, we were constantly creating PRs and stuff. So I was wondering if you have like kind of a flow like that one, or if you are more, you know, on a weekly basis. Yeah, like how, how do you guys work?
Jackson Bierfeldt: No, we're, we're shipping something probably, if not every day, every other day. It kind of depends on the project, but we're shipping very often. You know, we are in a, like, pretty heavily regulated, like, medical environment, so we have to be like super careful still. And that's like a big part of, you know, what we're trying to build as an engineering culture is how do we do things quickly but also make sure that we're testing everything and that things are safe. We don't want to test everything because that'll slow us down too much. But we want to figure out, like, how do we test the right things and know, okay, when I'm about to make this change and push it out there, like nothing's going to go down because people are relying on the software for, you know, medical records. Like, we can't afford to go down for even, even a moment.
Jackson Bierfeldt: So it is a pretty exciting environment in that respect. And yeah, like I said, I envision, you know, our software intern. You'd probably get to work on a lot of like internal facing tools at first and then you'd really be able to like ship and iterate every single day. See how the team is using stuff, you know, get, you know, you know, we'd all work very closely together and you'd get a lot of feedback and could iterate and move very quickly.
Tomás Quinteros: Okay, great. So this internal tool, it would be like, like web apps, you know, type of to show data and stuff like that.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah, probably you should think of it as, like, a combination of, like, web apps and kind of this new tool interface of, like, agent tools. I mean, one of the things, like I said we're doing is getting everybody fully in on cloud code. I mean, all of our team's code, literally all of it is written by cloud. Claude code. At this point, we're just managing it. And now we're looking for, okay, we have four different developers that are all using on their own. How do we sync those together? How do we get cloud code to write other tests?
Jackson Bierfeldt: How do we take that system and sync it with our knowledge base inside of our notion documents? And then how do we make it so that when I write a new feature, it automatically documents itself? It writes new tests, it runs those tests, it updates it there. It tells me on Slack, it goes into our observability dashboard. There's just like, so many things going on in the, like, new world of like, AI tooling around how small teams work.
Jackson Bierfeldt: And we're just looking for someone that can come in and, like, really help us, like, glue it together and build some really cool things that speed everybody up by, you know, 5x.
Tomás Quinteros: Sounds great.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah. So great. Well, I need to jump here to another call, but it was great meeting you and yeah, as far as next steps go, I'm going to talk to to a couple more people today and I'll be in touch as soon as tomorrow about who we're going to move forward with for the next interview.
Tomás Quinteros: Okay, great. Well, thank you so much.
Jackson Bierfeldt: All right, thank you.
Tomás Quinteros: Nice to meet you. Bye.