Charles Freed: Hey everyone. Hey listen I have Otter a note taker on you want me to shut it off?
Ryan McAnelly: No no that's mine. How you doing this morning?
Charles Freed: I'm doing well listen I was waiting in advance and I I'm sitting out looking at my face on. The fall and thinking I'm waiting for you to join. And then as 10:30 comes by I know you're usually very prompt and I started worrying then I see asked to join that's why I was tardy I'm sorry about
Ryan McAnelly: that no not a problem at all. So thank you for for jumping on the call I saw that you did have a few concerns with the recording function just wanted to walk through and make sure you know everything was good and to see you know how we can help support you here today.
Charles Freed: Yes thank you.
Ryan McAnelly: And so actually I looked at the back end system I solved a few sessions that you recorded recently that notes were not generated. I went in and pushed through the notes so they should be showing up on your end now okay let me refresh this yeah. So I think there was there was one session from four nine at around 330 Central time and then three sessions from 410 that did not have notes
Charles Freed: right one of them in particular was one of the best sessions I've ever had.
Ryan McAnelly: Well hopefully it shows up now so you can have you have it on record.
Charles Freed: Thank you for pushing us through. Yeah I do see a couple more recovered notes of all of the lengthy durations so thank you those are the ones okay cool.
Ryan McAnelly: Anytime there's something weird happens like that definitely reach out because you know like I easily did that and it's it's something we can help out.
Charles Freed: All right. But I want you to show me how I can avoid that because I swear I went through layers of record and then I think it's recording it says then it says start recording and and when I did that second one what I thought was the final one I saw that you know there was sound from the recording. And but ultimately it didn't record. I want to mention that what is a helpful feature is I've used another AI and I know when it's on because there's a red dot. Yours has a red dot but I don't think it's it's specific to the. That way I start a conversation I look up I go oh my God it's not on I'll say hold on a second. Don't say anymore and I go and I turn it on I go okay now we're ready
Ryan McAnelly: no that's that's fantastic no I appreciate that and we're always taking you know. Client feedback and rolling it into you know future updates.
Charles Freed: Well listen even if you want to retain that red dot have it change colors either way. Because that red dot may serve some purpose.
Ryan McAnelly: On your end no I appreciate that so I'm actually taking notes and writing it down but if you don't mind could you share your screen and we can walk through your experience and your end? See and we can go from there.
Charles Freed: I think I'm looking at tabs here. Okay here we go. That's what I was doing.
Ryan McAnelly: I know each. Each meeting software has a different way to share I wish it was all standard.
Charles Freed: Can you see it?
Ryan McAnelly: S coming through my there it is yep. All right cool so my recovered notes thank you awesome awesome. Yeah if there's anything funky with them just let us know but they should be. They should be the right ones there
Charles Freed: real quick I want to say one reason I was particularly disappointed is because. Just using this on a couple patients I used it before about I don't know six months ago maybe longer and I forget why I moved to another one. And I've been using that just because consistency with it has helped evolve it for me. Then I a long story very short I realized that jot psych is doing a lot in the AI arena and I think you lead the path. So I said I want to get on board with that also I'm planning to join your contracting credentialing. Part. And so I just think there's a lot of potential but when I looked at the notes and saw how it was auditing them I'd never heard of that before but it audits to make sure you're meeting code requirements and for people like me that's critical because there's a lot of mystery sometimes in these codes unless you're someone who does this. And I don't know followed these code guidelines and know them by heart it becomes a challenge and no one wants to get their money clawed back.
Ryan McAnelly: Oh exactly. It's amazing the speed at which AI is developing and the way our software is interacting with it so that will continue to grow. And also as you continue to do things within the software you can train the AI to know exactly how you want your notes presented and you can tailor that way too. So it's constantly evolving. So we're glad that you like it and you're thinking about moving on to the credentialing software.
Charles Freed: Too. So let me. I see there's a record button.
Ryan McAnelly: Right so that'll take you to the screen where you can actually go in and start recording. So from here yep so you're with
Charles Freed: like do I have to do it?
Ryan McAnelly: Yeah we can do it now if you want.
Charles Freed: To we can just do an example.
Ryan McAnelly: So this this is we should be up and running now.
Charles Freed: All right this is what I believe that I had seen that's that made me think and then I see the red bullet with. On the tab. So I'm thinking okay I'm recording.
Ryan McAnelly: Right so. Our set. We're in a session you're recording you're doing all that stuff and then at the end of your session you can see the end recording. And then we shoot from here. Should have the ability to click generate note. And then that'll populate the note from the quick 30 seconds.
Charles Freed: Add another dictation and add another piece to it.
Ryan McAnelly: Right so afterwards you can go back and you can add in you can verbally put in. More notes or more add to the session after your patient has left.
Charles Freed: Oh that's a good idea because sometimes you may not want to do that
Ryan McAnelly: in their present exactly so you can you can talk about like for example their demeanor or their appearance or you can also go in and physically type in notes. Too.
Charles Freed: I get the idea here.
Charles Freed: Yeah this record is that new?
Ryan McAnelly: That it's it's been there for a little while okay but yeah just making sure you go to that record
Charles Freed: here's how I was getting there by the way documentation notes okay.
Ryan McAnelly: Gotcha.
Ryan McAnelly: We can just delete that node since it's not truly for Evan. Yeah so that's how you will navigate to the record screen and any time like I said before the across anything funky all right
Charles Freed: no be sure to do that
Ryan McAnelly: we're here to you know help support make sure that nothing weird happens.
Charles Freed: All right. So. I think I I feel comfortable now. With that can you show me some of the other things that this is capable of doing. Because. Unlike I and I'll tell you variants that's what I've been using. Have you heard of that before
Ryan McAnelly: no I haven't seen it with variance yeah it's okay.
Charles Freed: I've used a lot of them and I at one time I did this little. Informal study and I took all the ais that I had at that time and I turned all on and I went to a session with someone and then I reviewed their outputs. That's another reason I wound up with berries. Now that really isn't fair especially over time because as you stated these things evolve so quickly. But I thought that jot site just in a couple notes I did was much more specifically mental health oriented and knew the language of the therapy and cognitive behavioral therapy and what the components were so it could take what I was doing in the session and frame it that way and I didn't have to do that on my own. That saved me an inordinate amount of time.
Ryan McAnelly: And that's really the whole motivation behind the software right there. To have the correct lingo understand all that stuff. And then at the end of the day save you time so you can. Meet with more patients and do what you're you know really want to do instead of going through and taking care of looking at notes not start making dinner at seven that's right. Get home at a decent hour yeah. Cool so let's if you want to jump around and we can do some functionality stuff so yeah click on the most recent note recovered note there at the top.
Charles Freed: All right.
Ryan McAnelly: So when you jump in here the AI notice system there on the right hand side so like for example if you're scrolling through here and if you want let's say if you want your summaries to instead be paragraph form you want it to be bullet points you can jump in here and say. Please update all my summaries and notes to be bulleted instead of paragraph form and make sure this is on all my notes going forward or something along those lines and then every time at AI node assistant addict yes so at the bottom. Okay screen there yep you can put in whatever you want. Tell it you want to change it going forward anything that you see that would fit your your workflow
Charles Freed: better because I know one program for example then said the psychiatrist then offered well this is my note. That sounds so out of context like someone was doing this interview and I it wasn't an easy way I could figure out to tell it but in this I could I could well I probably could have but here's where I would say do not use the psychiatrist said quote unquote instead use. Provider stated. Yes. I recommended to patient.
Ryan McAnelly: Absolutely. Yep so that's where you can start teaching it and with a lot of different you can and going forward it will start learning your preferences and then doing what you have taught it to do. And you can stack on top of that and keep adding more things as you see that you're tweaking the notes there.
Charles Freed: Okay. That's really good to know so this is kind of a personal AI in a way it's compartmentalized and it may have some universal. Application as well but this is personalized to what I'm doing so I'm teaching this
Ryan McAnelly: yes so this will be just for you so for your patients it'll show up the way you want it.
Ryan McAnelly: Yep and then so from there you can copy sections from here they go into your EHR.
Charles Freed: You can how do I do that either copy all right here obviously or can I say I want to do these two
Ryan McAnelly: just yep you should be able to go through and just click copy that one.
Ryan McAnelly: And then click on it yep you can click that and then click the next one and then that should be copied. And then you'll be able to go and take those over if you didn't want to take all of them.
Charles Freed: All right gotcha.
Ryan McAnelly: Yeah worst case scenario if you just wanted like a piece of the summary you can just drag. And highlight just like you would on a document.
Charles Freed: All right. This is really helpful. Too.
Ryan McAnelly: Like you were to. Sorry.
Charles Freed: Go ahead.
Ryan McAnelly: Another feature is that if you wanted to we ran into an example the other week where a clinician needed to. Generate a work note for one of their patients. For their for their job so what they did is they went up to the documentation tab up there on the top.
Ryan McAnelly: Of forms and then you can create send out forms or it's it's functionality is. Pretty robust.
Charles Freed: So I picked a patient.
Ryan McAnelly: I say what if you can say inform patients yep.
Charles Freed: Wow. So I can also send assessment tools this way. Like the RC or ASRS. 10 forms.
Ryan McAnelly: You can send forms to your patients yes.
Charles Freed: And let me. Make sure with that would that be HIPAA compliant.
Ryan McAnelly: Is that a hyperstanding. Yes but I will double check I don't want to say anything that's not so I will double check to make sure that this need to know I can send the forms.
Charles Freed: But I think but their content should not be shared.
Ryan McAnelly: Let me know I'll circle back with you but I'm going to double check with my team just to make sure.
Charles Freed: It's okay either way I do have a way in my current EHR. To which is Osmond by the way I'm thinking of changing that and I think you offer like an EHR at this point. Well. I know that if you do then you have or you will have HIPAA compliant. Shell of HIPAA compliance for these apps. Because that will include a business associate agreement a BAA that's what makes it formal and official for us. Okay. Sometimes we ask for a copy of it. For our records.
Ryan McAnelly: Yeah just just to be 100% safe because I know we are we are HIPAA compliant but just I want to be 100% safe before that extra.
Charles Freed: Level of precaution is on your part is really. Encouraging I think. It's it's okay if you don't because we can do work arounds and but I think in time you'll be able to pull that in too. Is it kind of is my thinking.
Ryan McAnelly: But there's there's a ton of functionality through the documentation tab that you can create a lab order if you needed a patient to go out to. Get labs done. So there's there's. Endless really you can do within the software.
Charles Freed: This is great. And the thing I need to find out on my end you may know. But I use Quest. And within Osman I can generate lab requests but Ryan it takes me an inordinate amount of time I can see this I could do in about. A minute or two and print out and give it to the patient or send them a copy of the lab requisition. But it's almost painful in Osman and takes like I said a lot of time. And it cuts into a 30 minute session when I'm having to do all these other things to satisfy insurers.
Ryan McAnelly: No and this is very quick so yeah it won't send it to Quest but you can generate a PDF print it or email it to them or however you
Charles Freed: are currently know if people are able to take this anywhere. To quest. To any labs now to lab corp.
Ryan McAnelly: I don't know but I'm going to check on that for you.
Charles Freed: Sometimes with Quest I have to indicate to them who's paying for it that's the layer of difficulty I have because then I have to enter insurance information including where the claim former sent which happens 90% of the time on the back of the patient's insurance card so if you don't store an EHR piece. If you don't store a credit card. And insurance card front and back that would be something I would suggest you add. Because we use that to order labs. And we use that to charge patients if we're accepting insurance if we're not then that's how we charge the patient for the session. But I even. If we accept insurance and if I write a letter on behalf of the patient or I sign forms I charge them for that because it's out of it's outside of a session. And I use the credit card on my file on my end because I'm also linked with headway. Are you familiar with headway?
Ryan McAnelly: I'm not.
Charles Freed: It's a company that manages all things insurance they originally credentialed and contracted for me. Other people in your anti organization know what it is. And I spoke to one of your chief guys I forget his name Nate. Yes that ring of bell yeah he's the CEO. Yeah and I told him I was interested in all this. And financially and contracting so he sent me documents I need to send back to you anyway I'm getting. Off task here the credit card. Comes in handy as does the images of the insurance card.
Ryan McAnelly: Okay.
Charles Freed: Because sometimes the insurance like Quest and I'm sure LabCorp labs anytime they probably want to know who they're billing. They may do that at their site though. I don't know.
Ryan McAnelly: No these are all great questions that I'm going to dig into. And get back to you.
Ryan McAnelly: Thanks 100% because that would make life a lot easier if it's all
Charles Freed: exactly at the end of the day saving you more time than it processed for me I'd be ordering labs more frequently than I do. And then where did the results go.
Charles Freed: The lab results yeah where to send the results. If I could. Maybe if you could add a piece here. Please to the that would go on the lab request. Please send a copy of results to this HIPAA compliant. Email. And then it would be my HIPAA compliant email which is a Google account or maybe. Something in your app. Could serve that role at a future point in time because I don't think you do now.
Ryan McAnelly: Going to. Create I'm going to create a lab. Order real quick just. To evidence example. Okay so no it does not have a way to get the results back. But that's a great feature request.
Charles Freed: Yeah otherwise you'll be. Sent to the patient. Yeah. Better or.
Ryan McAnelly: Worse right exactly no it's that's awesome
Charles Freed: going to show up and say oh gosh your feet I forgot to bring the results. And.
Ryan McAnelly: Sigh. Yeah. No that's that's a great request. Awesome. Well I have some homework to. Check into some of those questions here the feature requests those two requests I will float to our engineers engineering team to. Potentially put onto the roadmap for the future but more importantly I'll get answers to those HIPAA questions and then also the. Lab order questions.
Charles Freed: One of the more expensive ones but you offer features that justify that cost.
Ryan McAnelly: So.
Charles Freed: It's worth it to me.
Ryan McAnelly: Well and if you ever I know you mentioned that you spoke with Nate about some of the other features but if you ever do want to jump on a call with one of our team members that is well more versed in the credentialing the billing the auditing. Let us know and we can set up some time for you to meet with them and just do a whole run through of the entire software of all the extras and things that could you know eventually help save you more time.
Charles Freed: I will take you up in that offer when I. Get a little further down the road here.
Ryan McAnelly: Perfect but if you have any other questions about just the initial jot psych software let us know. You should be up to speed with those few notes from the other day and then you have documentation questions or anything else come up just definitely let us know.
Charles Freed: Sounds good Ryan I appreciate your time today.
Ryan McAnelly: Dr. Fried appreciate it and yeah I'll be back in touch with you here soon with some answers to your questions.
Ryan McAnelly: Thank you so much thanks have a good day you too bye bye.