Becca Bressler: Hey there, nicole.
Nichole McLeod (Integrative NP): Hi, Becca. Hold on one second. Let me just close my door.
Becca Bressler: No problem.
Nichole McLeod (Integrative NP): Okay?
Becca Bressler: How are you doing?
Nichole McLeod (Integrative NP): I'm good. How are you?
Becca Bressler: I'm good. It's really nice to meet you. I so appreciate your time talking to me today. So, Nicole, I want to talk to you about your experience with one of our newer features, the audit feature, and get some feedback from you. I have some questions about that I'm actually going to ask you to share your screen with me. If you'd be willing to poke around, jot psych with me, kind of show me what you like, what your thoughts are. To start, though, can you give me an overview about you? Are you a solo provider? Are you part of a practice telehealth? All the above.
Nichole McLeod (Integrative NP): Yeah, I was going to be a solo provider. And then I ended up hiring another three mps with me, so now there's four of us. And now we grew, so now we're hiring four more.
Becca Bressler: Wow.
Nichole McLeod (Integrative NP): Because I'm not really seeing patients as much. I have my load that I still see. But all my other practitioners are getting really busy. So we do have Jane. We do have an AI scribe in there. I've used jot psych before when I was with another company, and it was great. Really helped with my notes and stuff like that. We do see patients in person and telehealth.
Nichole McLeod (Integrative NP): We do take insurance. We take insurance through us. We also do through headway and then we do self pay as well. So all three.
Becca Bressler: So are your clinicians using the Jane scribe, and you're using the jot site scribe. Is that kind of how it's working?
Nichole McLeod (Integrative NP): So we had to make the Jane scribe. So this was weeks and weeks of making it. So it's pretty. It's pretty decent. I think Jotscribe is definitely the job site. AI Scribe is definitely a lot more in depth and stuff like that, so. I have some. You know, my clinicians are newer, and so, you know, I think that the problem that we have is that they don't always understand which codes to use, and that's kind of where I think this comes in. Where I think it would be a lot more beneficial. I'm very much a preventative person, and I don't want issues with insurance. So I did look, I did look to find, like, you know, medical coders or auditors that could check out our charts to make sure that we were being compliant with what insurance needs. I don't need insurance to come back, you know, a year later and be like, you owe us this money for sure. So I did see the audit and stuff like that. Did I did go through the audit analysis. And stuff like that. You know, we were talking about billing and stuff. That's a whole nother conversation. Having issues with my biller. But. But right now, I can't really change away from Jane because of some of the stuff that we do. The patient portal. I need that my patients use it. They've been taught to use. It. You know, they, they like it. So a couple different things there, which is why I'm not going over to jots like using it as an ehr.
Becca Bressler: Got it.
Nichole McLeod (Integrative NP): I, I do have, I have partnered with a couple other companies where I will talk with them and let them know from our clinical side of like. What? What we need, what we want, Stuff like that. The audit. The auditing tool is really nice. There's a couple. Things in there that, you know, it's. It can be a little frustrating. And I'm not sure if, like, maybe I'm using it wrong or.
Becca Bressler: But before we even get to the tool, how are you training people about coding, documentation? Do you have, like, a. Well, so that's one problem. You said you looked into hiring an auditor. What's fee for that? Like. Like. And why didn't you decide to go in that direction?
Nichole McLeod (Integrative NP): So I looked into HIA Associates, and they are. They are auditors that come in, and they essentially give you, like, a report on how your providers are documenting stuff that they're missing, if they're using the correct code, stuff like that. The proposal for that was about $74 per chart.
Becca Bressler: Per chart.
Nichole McLeod (Integrative NP): Yeah.
Becca Bressler: Oh, my God. How many charts do you have a month? Like, that's. Yeah, that's.
Nichole McLeod (Integrative NP): Wow. At my previous job, I was seeing 18 patients a day.
Becca Bressler: Yeah, that's $74. I imagine sometimes maybe like, the majority of what you're even getting reimbursed from insurance, depending on the type of visit, maybe. So can you share your screen with me? Because that. So that's like some of the feedback we've gotten about job audit is people find it helpful from a training perspective. Like it.
Nichole McLeod (Integrative NP): That's exactly kind of what I wanted to use it for is because I am. I definitely want to help. Like, I definitely want to hire new grads. They don't teach you in school? How to do medical billing. You know, how to deal with this stuff. They. They don't teach you, you know? Can you see this screen?
Becca Bressler: Yes, I can see your screen.
Nichole McLeod (Integrative NP): So the way I go about teaching them is essentially, I have made my own sheets. In my, in my templates, I have certain things that they can choose from based off of medical complexity. I also have. So I have a template where they can choose what they did, basically, and it'll give them the code. I also have an AI scribe in there that essentially I do, I do make it always choose a 299214. Unless there is the instances that a 99215 present themselves. We really don't do 213- very- very like, hardly ever, because everybody we're seeing is on medication. We're seeing some type of therapy as well. We do both.
Becca Bressler: Okay.
Nichole McLeod (Integrative NP): And then with the psychotherapy, add on codes, I have, like the times in there. I have spoken with them at length about like. This is psychotherapy versus this is enm, you know, and so kind of going through what each looks like, you know, you have a medication, you have side effects. This is enm. You have anxiety when you use a grounding technique. This is psychotherapy. This is how to, you know, this is how to manage it. This is your coping mechanism. And then, you know. So I. I've given them lots of worksheets on how to determine how to code. The visits. And then, like I said, and we also have a tool that we use called Slack, where I'll put stuff out, just being like, please make sure you're checking your documentation, because at the very end, you have to attest that you did your documentation. Appropriately, which I ever. So this is actually one of the templates that I made here with, with you guys, essentially. Really the same that I have in Jane. This would be a follow up. The summary is something that I'm not always like. Sometimes I'll put it in there, sometimes I don't. Chief complaint. I always keep the hpi. I like to have in my hpi. I like to have the patient's name and their age, because age is going to also, you know, if they're having a lot of like up and down mood fluctuations, maybe it's because of their age, because maybe it's a woman in perimenopause. So that's. I like to have the age in there. So this is something. I always go over here and I say, please add patient. Yeah. So I always add. Add that I always have a past medical, family, social history reviewed. Because what if that's, you know, leading to the fact that, you know, they're depressive symptoms are worsening because they're getting a divorce?
Becca Bressler: Yeah.
Nichole McLeod (Integrative NP): Yeah. And then. So this is basically, essentially what we have. And Jane.
Becca Bressler: I may ask just quickly, because I think I understood you saying it. Sounds like you did a lot of programming in Jane maybe with like dot phrases. Is that kind of what it is? Like people have a series of or even a drop down, but it's like for medical decision making or something. There's like a series of choices and your providers are going in there and like picking or clicking.
Nichole McLeod (Integrative NP): Let me show you. I'll show you. Because essentially that would be. I let Chris go into Jane and I told him the templates to find. And you can see where I. Where I did the AI scribe and the prompts that we have. So let me show you. Let me just make sure it's up on my screen here. Okay? So I'm going to move back to. Let me just move this one over. I promise. I'm actually good at computers.
Becca Bressler: Oh, no, you're totally fine.
Nichole McLeod (Integrative NP): Okay. So essentially. You see my screen now?
Becca Bressler: Yes.
Nichole McLeod (Integrative NP): Okay. So if you go into. I have it under. Templates. So these are the ones that we're using right now. AI Skype. Here's an initial, and here's a follow up. So if we go into edit. So this would be my follow up. So you can see location license video was conducted. So here is where I have the AI scribe. So if you click here. It'll tell you. This is the prompt that we have in here.
Becca Bressler: I see. Okay.
Nichole McLeod (Integrative NP): So when did the symptoms start? How long has it been going on? So this is everything the AI scribe is looking for. Mood. Appetite. Please ensure it follows a narrow, you know, a natural narrative. Patient insight and goals. Use the patient's own words when possible. And essentially you can. You can preview it down here to see if it's exactly what you want.
Becca Bressler: Interesting. And so if you want to edit the prompt, you're just, like, typing in that box.
Nichole McLeod (Integrative NP): So then I have. Like, these are hard. Like, this is something that the AI scribe is not doing. So they're. Saying, okay, the patient has no known allergies or the patient has allergies. This is usually something that they copy and paste from the initial email, and that's just in case they want to have, you know, look back at, you know. Okay, when we, when we first did the initial evalue, you told us that you were on this medication, you know?
Becca Bressler: Yeah.
Nichole McLeod (Integrative NP): And they can duplicate notes up here. There's going to be a thing where you can duplicate it and then they just take off the AI scribe from the previous encounter. So the psychiatric review systems, this is going to document all this right here.
Becca Bressler: So they're duplicating. It because some of the things are, like, remaining the same, basically. Yeah. Yeah.
Nichole McLeod (Integrative NP): Mood. We have a drop down. So, you know, how are they feeling today? I don't. That one's okay. You know, I. Sometimes I would like to have, you know, patients, but I usually stayed up here. As you can see right here. It'll.
Nichole McLeod (Integrative NP): It'll save me. Right here. So I have. I have a couple different areas where it'll. It'll be. But this is essentially. Yeah, yeah, we built this out. It's easier for my clinicians. So here's their msc, so they can choose, you know, from here. Risk assessment. We have this. We have social determinants of health. Affecting care. Current risk levels. Here's our assessment and diagnosis and plan. So here would be, you know, the assessment. The diagnosis. The diagnosis has to reflect the most current DSM 5. And then it has to be the way I like it. Is I want the diagnosis and I want the rationale of why the patient meets that diagnosis. Presenting patient presentation. Basically, these are everything that gives me why we're choosing the generalized anxiety disorder and then treatment plan.
Nichole McLeod (Integrative NP): And treatment plan. I want it in here based off of the diagnosis. So the generalized generalized anxiety disorder, what are we going to do for that? We're going to add on this medication. We're going to say you're going to do to therapy every two to three weeks. And then these are things that are hard stops. I always want to include a medication reviewed adjustment because this is what payers look for. A safety assessment was done. A follow up and then, you know, obviously in session while we're talking. It'll catch when we say the follow up is quickly.
Becca Bressler: So how did you know how to format this? How did you know? Like, oh, this is how I write this prompt to give me what I want. Right. Because there's, like, brackets. For, like, you know, how did you know? Like, oh, I need to include an example here. Or things like just.
Nichole McLeod (Integrative NP): From working, playing around.
Becca Bressler: So you just kind of played around with it, basically
Nichole McLeod (Integrative NP): played around with it, looking up exactly what, you know, certain things that you need to have in the, you know, in the note for the insurances to know that you did this, you know, so, you know, when we're adjusting medications, that runs into MDM Medical decision making.
Becca Bressler: Yeah, but it's not like Jane had tools to teach you how best to write these prompts or anything. It was just like, trial.
Nichole McLeod (Integrative NP): That's just me.
Becca Bressler: Yeah. Nicole, can we go back to jot on it for a second? I'd love to get your feedback. And one of the things I'm curious about is why you didn't so it's obviously a paid add on to get unlimited, right? So you get a certain amount per month. And as someone that did you explore purchasing it or were did you not even take the step to explore it like.
Nichole McLeod (Integrative NP): I basically got back on. I did a free trial. Let me get you back over to jot. So I did. I, I. Have been using Jane, and I've been using what you just saw. And I was like, you know, maybe, maybe. Because it's great. But we still have to go in there. We still have to review. I will say, you know, jot site does, you know, do a really great job most. Most of the time, you know, and there's a lot of detail. And then when I saw the audit, There. In there. I was like, this might be exactly what I'm looking for. To make sure to. To make sure, going forward, my new NPs know why they're doing what they're doing. Because I'm a big proponent of if you don't know why you're doing something. You're going to make mistakes. So let me see. I have some notes in here that I was doing. I will say it's a little like, you know, I went in here a couple times, clicked record, and, like, nothing came up before. I've had. I've had it where I've had to stop recording and I couldn't. Like the screen went blank. So I did. I did tell Chris all this.
Becca Bressler: Was this, like. Was this last week by chance?
Nichole McLeod (Integrative NP): Yeah.
Becca Bressler: Yeah. So we. We had discovered, like, a bug that was creating this for our users. Have you noticed it this week? Because last week. Great. Yeah, we. We know exactly what you're talking about, and our engineers fix that problem. But, yeah, so really frustrating. Yeah.
Nichole McLeod (Integrative NP): Yeah. So this is nice where you're able to go in. And select. You know these.
Becca Bressler: These codes?
Nichole McLeod (Integrative NP): This is great. And what would be amazing is if, you know, you could make sure that when you put these codes in, like, and I love that it asks you the psychotherapy minutes, because, you know, I'll stop. I'll stop and I'll say, like, when I'm doing it, I'll be. Like, okay, well, I saw the patient for 30 minutes, so I usually spend about two to three minutes or maybe four minutes going over medications. You know, maybe longer, depending on, you know, sometimes it's up to 10 minutes. But this is great for. So I can. I can put it in here. And what would be great is. If it just, you know, added that right in there where it says, you know, if I do, like, 10 minutes. Well, that's not gonna. That's not gonna be accurate. But, you know, put in here that, you know, we did. The 16 minutes of psychotherapy. You know what would be great is if we put that in and it was like, oh, yeah, that's a 90833.
Becca Bressler: Got it. So. So you didn't necessarily have to flag that. It was a 90833, but if you put the right number in, it would flag it for you, basically.
Nichole McLeod (Integrative NP): No, it doesn't do that.
Becca Bressler: No. But that's what you're saying you're wanting, basically.
Nichole McLeod (Integrative NP): Yeah, if it did. That. That would be awesome. So, you know, that would be amazing. And then if it were, were to bring that over to where it has the. This is another thing that it does is on here. It says this all the time. Psychotherapy, add on, not applicable. So I always have to change this. And then let's get into the audit thing. Let's see.
Becca Bressler: Is that because you're actually like, does. Are you seeing that? Even if you are spending at least 16 minutes doing psychotherapy.
Nichole McLeod (Integrative NP): Got it. Yep. Even if I do, like, an hour session. I still have that in there.
Becca Bressler: Yeah. Okay.
Nichole McLeod (Integrative NP): So I don't know if that's something that. Like I said, I don't know if that's something I need to change or.
Becca Bressler: No, I don't think that's a user thing. Like, I think that's. That's the exact kind of feedback that I'm. Looking for, but, yeah, I'm curious about the audit tool, and here's one.
Nichole McLeod (Integrative NP): So here's what the audit. Right. So based on your documentation, it's giving me a 99214. Correct. This one definitely is a 214. But then what would be nice is if you go in here and then you. You add on the 833. Yeah, and then you add on the psychotherapy. Minutes and, you know. From right here was able to say. Okay, let's put this right in the note. Okay.
Becca Bressler: I wanted to add to the note. Yeah.
Nichole McLeod (Integrative NP): Yeah. If we were able to do that right here. 20 minutes. Perfect. And then. Yep, this is. That's another thing is if we were able to sit there, Well, it. It looks like it already grabbed those codes, so if it were able to put that in the note, that would be awesome. And then let's go back over to the audit. So. Another thing that it. Well, it's thinking. Is. It's. It's confusing over here with the fact that you sit there and you click ok. Action. Action needed. All right, so view and note. I don't care for, but. No explicit E. Documented separate from so then I would. I've tried this a bunch of times. Fixed with AI. And then. What would be great is if, you know, we could add explicitly the amount. Like, it's not really saying how much time to add, you know?
Becca Bressler: Yeah. What if you were to describe it and type it? If you were to use the. I'm curious if that would get you what you want.
Nichole McLeod (Integrative NP): And then another thing is. So once you fix that too. And you run another audit.
Nichole McLeod (Integrative NP): Back or they all come back up. So it's like I.
Becca Bressler: Even though you fixed it. Yeah.
Nichole McLeod (Integrative NP): Even though I fixed it. Yes. Train this. Even though I fixed it. If you run another audit, like. Like, even though if I was at 4, it, like, comes back to 4 again, and it's like, okay, now I have to, like, go back in the note and. Was that. You know, did it. Did this get fixed?
Becca Bressler: Can we try that? I actually would love to see it in action and then, yeah.
Nichole McLeod (Integrative NP): So here it is again.
Becca Bressler: Okay, so we didn't hit Run Audit. But that said, it didn't disappear. And what But? But is what you're saying, even if you hit Run Audit, it's still there? Or what you're asking for is like, hey, after I fix it, just take it away or book.
Nichole McLeod (Integrative NP): That's what. I'm asking for. Like, if it's fixed, then take it away. I don't want to see it anymore. Yeah, because. Let's see if it's in here. So here's, you know, like, if I were to submit this. Like this is saying that content was discussed, but encounter lacks explicit documented psychotherapy time. And I did put in here the 20 minutes.
Becca Bressler: You just added it. Let's see if we see it anywhere else.
Nichole McLeod (Integrative NP): Right here.
Becca Bressler: It just didn't add it everywhere it should have.
Nichole McLeod (Integrative NP): Yeah. So let's run the audit real quick.
Becca Bressler: Yeah.
Nichole McLeod (Integrative NP): So it's. It's almost, like, very confusing because it's like you're trying to figure out where did it. Where did it put it, you know, if it was, like, highlighted or something so you could make sure it's right where you need it to be.
Becca Bressler: You know? Yeah. Like, once the fix happens, you want to be able to see. Here's where we added it, basically.
Nichole McLeod (Integrative NP): And then, like I said, when after you run the audit again, it essentially. Comes up with the same errors. And so now you're kind of like, well, wait, did. Did I run the audit?
Becca Bressler: And did it not. Yeah, yeah.
Nichole McLeod (Integrative NP): And then I. Yeah, well, now it's not coming up with it.
Becca Bressler: Have you ever clicked the checkbox? Like, do you or do you know what that checkbox means?
Nichole McLeod (Integrative NP): This one.
Becca Bressler: Yeah.
Nichole McLeod (Integrative NP): Yes, I have.
Becca Bressler: So that's kind of one way you used to dismiss it. But it's still confusing that it's there at all, because you're like, wait, is it still like you would have expected it to disappear? And it's not disappearing.
Nichole McLeod (Integrative NP): Yeah. So I will tell you that it. It usually comes up with the. Those other things. But let's do this one. Let's fix this one and see if it. So I feel like sometimes it's just like there's so much that you like. A new NP would get very confused.
Becca Bressler: Is what's confusing. You're actually like, I don't know which one to add it to. Tell me. Tell me where I'm at it.
Nichole McLeod (Integrative NP): A new NP would be like, I don't even know. You know, that's why. Like in Jane, where I have at the very top. Telling you where the visit happened. You know, now, that's something we could definitely like. I could put that in there, you know?
Becca Bressler: Yeah.
Nichole McLeod (Integrative NP): And this code is wrong. It's not. It's not a. Okay? Not supported. So when they. When it also brings up, like, other codes of why it's not supported like that, like, that's not helpful either.
Becca Bressler: Because you have to delete it if you. You're not going to copy and paste that over, basically.
Nichole McLeod (Integrative NP): So, let's see. Now I got to find where where this is, so. Topics discussed. So it would be really nice if it would take you right.
Becca Bressler: Right there. Totally. Can we generally, though, are you happy with the output of the fix? But it's just kind of like the process of understanding what to fix and like, the process of being like, wait, did I fix it or did I not? Is the confusing piece. So the output of what you're getting is typically, like, good.
Nichole McLeod (Integrative NP): Typically pretty. Yes, typically, it's pretty good. I mean, there's some instances. Like this. I don't know why this is. That's not very good.
Becca Bressler: Like, is that not typically how that's formatted, or.
Nichole McLeod (Integrative NP): I don't know what. The assessment's never like this. I don't know what happened here. That is not good because it's usually a. It usually looks like. Like a. Like a narrative paragraph on why the patient is what they're. What they're. What the assessment is. They're presenting because of this. And then it's usually this right here, so I don't know.
Becca Bressler: Can I ask why you don't assign patients to your notes?
Nichole McLeod (Integrative NP): Because I just started using it again.
Becca Bressler: Okay, got it.
Nichole McLeod (Integrative NP): So. So this assessment would be, I guess, more of what I would like right here. Patient's name and patient, you know, Jane Smith, age 53 years old, presents with obsessive compulsive disorder, generalized anxiety disorder. You know, going through all that and then saying current symptoms, blah, blah, blah, rationale of why patient is clinically stable. And then I always have, like patient denies this, this, this, this, this, you know, self harm. Si. Hi. I don't know. This one just looks like it's a little bit. This note looks a little bit messed up.
Becca Bressler: So can we go back to the audit tab for a second? I kind of want to see now, like, we had addressed those four changes. If we click on it again, we run audit again. Or don't run it, but let's just go to the tab.
Nichole McLeod (Integrative NP): Okay?
Becca Bressler: Got it. So, like, it didn't go away. And that's annoying because you're like,
Nichole McLeod (Integrative NP): Now we have the green here, which is great. So this. This would be great for my NPS to be like, oh, yeah. Perfect. Like I, you know, I made sure that there's the 20 minute time is in there and you know, the 99214. I hit everything, you know.
Becca Bressler: So. So question for you. Have you hit the paywall before? Because we do like, 40 notes, basically for free, and then it's paywalled until the next. Pay cycle.
Nichole McLeod (Integrative NP): I don't think so.
Becca Bressler: You've not hit that before.
Nichole McLeod (Integrative NP): I haven't hit it yet. No.
Becca Bressler: Interesting. How many visits are you doing a week typically?
Nichole McLeod (Integrative NP): With patients.
Nichole McLeod (Integrative NP): Yeah, I do. About. 20, 25, 20.
Becca Bressler: A week. And when did you just start getting back on this?
Nichole McLeod (Integrative NP): I just got billed on, I think, Monday. I was doing a free trial. For ten days before that.
Becca Bressler: So you just, like, wouldn't have hit the quota? My question for you is around this feature so it is a paid add on to get an unlimited way. Is that something that you would even, like, pay for, or are you like, oh, I'll get some for free, but I can live without it? Like, what's your sense of the tool and, like, its value?
Nichole McLeod (Integrative NP): I would like to use it. Here and there. To make sure. Like. Like for my new nps. Who are coming on. I would like to definitely use that for them because I think that would be very, very beneficial to make sure that they are. Hitting what. What they need to hit. And I think it would be a really great component. In fact, Chris is coming out Tuesday to do a pilot for us.
Becca Bressler: Nice, okay?
Nichole McLeod (Integrative NP): You know, I. I do think that again. The documentation. We're taught how to document. We're taught how to document the diagnosis or taught how to diagnose. You know what we're going to do.
Nichole McLeod (Integrative NP): We are not taught how to do the codes and stuff like that, so this function would be great. For when NPs are coming on and learning. And I plan on bringing on a lot of new grads and stuff like that. So new grads who are even working for other companies, this would be a great thing for them. Because companies don't usually do this, this in depth education on, you know, stuff like that, NPS who are starting their own practices, who, you know, are newer.
Nichole McLeod (Integrative NP): They don't understand medical billing.
Nichole McLeod (Integrative NP): Yeah, this would be great for them.
Becca Bressler: I think one of the things that we're trying to figure out here is, like, the pricing of this tool, right? Like, we just came out with it and we don't yet know, like, its true value to clinicians. We've had some people pay for it, but, like, if I told you that this tool was $69 a month to have an unlimited way. Like, how would that figure strike you?
Nichole McLeod (Integrative NP): I mean. I think that's a little bit much. You know, I. I would definitely think about it. I would say. Let's say $50. I could. I could say would be a reasonable thing, and I would probably put that on for my new NPs for a while.
Becca Bressler: Yeah.
Nichole McLeod (Integrative NP): You know?
Becca Bressler: Right. But that would have to. But, like, so, like, 50 is like, oh, yeah, this is worth it. 69 feels a little bit like
Nichole McLeod (Integrative NP): it would be worth it to me to know that this is helping them improve their documentation. And it would be worth it to me because they did show me the and I actually did go, on. The you guys put some videos out, and we were looking@the dot audit of where you're able to actually see what. If that was worth that would be worth it for me to see, okay. You know, Jane is not. They're not hitting every. They're not being compliant with everything they're doing. For me, as a business owner, that would be worth it to me to have and keep somebody on for a little bit longer to make sure that they're. They're doing what they're doing?
Becca Bressler: Right. And. But when you say that, like, but, like 69 gives you pause. Maybe like you would you maybe would not pay that kind of money for this, for that tool, or it is valuable enough to you where you would do it for limited time, right? Like you want to bring someone on, make sure that they're doing okay.
Nichole McLeod (Integrative NP): I'm paying, you know, I'm paying $70 for. E prescribed for them. You know, I'm paying, you know, so, I mean. Trying to keep cost down, you know, while, like, mentoring. So, you know, this would definitely be something that would be feasible while I'm bringing somebody on and stuff like that. So, you know, it's 69. I'd be like, you know, $50. I'd be like, all right, cool. You know, I do think, like, that would be where. You know, like when he went over, like, cost of, like, the billing and the ehr, when he was saying. He told me it was going to be like 250 per provider when I was. When I was going to do billing and I was like, oh, like that. There's no way I can do that.
Nichole McLeod (Integrative NP): Yeah, that was way too much. Like I said, I mean.
Becca Bressler: Yeah. So you're just to say it back to you like 69 is like, steeper, but because you are thinking about this as a temporary tool, E prescribe is already like $70. You would do that for a limited amount of time, but it gives you more pause than. Okay, that's super helpful. Did Chris tell you that we do e prescribe?
Nichole McLeod (Integrative NP): Yes.
Becca Bressler: Okay? Got it. Okay, so can you. Can we go to the dashboard for a second? Also, I'm taking more of your time than we have allotted, so if you need to go, please let me know. But actually, part of what I'm interested in is your impression of the global dashboard and, like, actually what you would want. To see, like any feed of the jot audit dashboard.
Nichole McLeod (Integrative NP): Good job.
Becca Bressler: What's the most valuable part of this in your mind?
Nichole McLeod (Integrative NP): I honestly will tell you, I haven't really gone through this much, but just like jumping over to here would be the compliance right here.
Becca Bressler: Yeah.
Nichole McLeod (Integrative NP): Looking at the billing codes. So, like, if it was so for myself, okay. Why am I not compliant? You know, why am I only at 60%? Why AM I at 80% with this note? Like, you know what? What am I doing differently that I'm getting this big of a jump of numbers right here? You know? So right here, this compliance percentage would be probably the best that something that I think is great. Having the billing codes right here is great. So this is. This is, I think, what would be probably one of the best sellers for you guys. Okay if I had other clinicians here. Why are they at only 53% compliant? Why is the CPT match? Do I have to go back and do more education?
Becca Bressler: Which tabs do you think is the most valuable? Like if you were, if this was your home page. Like if you logged into jotsyc, if you like hypothetically, all your providers were on jot psych, you were using this tool to monitor. You logged into Jotsy and this was your home page. Or this was on your homepage. Because this is really something you care about. Which tab feels like most? Like, if you go to Rules, for instance, like, in Count, like, I'm just curious, like, what you would even.
Nichole McLeod (Integrative NP): So this is a little bit like, Daunting.
Becca Bressler: Okay.
Nichole McLeod (Integrative NP): This is a little bit like. Okay, I don't even know where to go here. You know, this is great that you have the video here, but I will tell you, like, just getting on here. Is like, oh, my God. Like, what? Where do I go? Which one?
Becca Bressler: Yeah.
Nichole McLeod (Integrative NP): Yeah. This. This is a lot like, do I have to. My thoughts right now would be like, oh, my God, do I have to go through every single one of these and change rules?
Becca Bressler: Yeah.
Nichole McLeod (Integrative NP): I do think that the Encounters would be the perfect place to start so that somebody could look at their own notes. Make sure they're being compliant. The clinician one is great. Even if you had, like. If you had a clinic that was doing both, you know, both, and you had, like. You know, like me right here. And then like clinicians. So, like, Nicole is about 75%. Like, overall, Nicole's about 75% compliant. And then you click on Encounter so that I can see why I'm only 75% compliant. And then I click on. My clinicians, because if I'm. If I'm, like, able to look at the practices as a whole so myself. Plus the clinicians. So how am I, what am I doing versus what they're doing? What is my level? That maybe they're doing better than me or they're doing worse than me.
Becca Bressler: So. So clinicians who are practice administrators actually don't see this dashboard. Like, this view is only for practice administrators. So your clinicians wouldn't be able to compare themselves against other people.
Nichole McLeod (Integrative NP): I would be able to know how they're doing. Yeah. You know, what am I not explaining to them? About the rules of, you know, documentation and picking the specific codes. Who's not really doing well versus who is, because maybe.
Becca Bressler: So talk to me about kind of the most valuable. It sounds like your sequence of thoughts is like, okay, here's my practice overall. Here's me, and then here are my clinicians. And then the next question is, what's happening here? Like, you want an easy way to get from. Like, this clinician has, like, a 50% compliance. Why? Is kind of the sequence of questions I'm hearing from you.
Nichole McLeod (Integrative NP): Yes. Yep. Because why is one clinician doing better than the other one, right? If that's happening. What am I not explaining to somebody that they're picking the wrong codes every time?
Becca Bressler: You know, what is your sense of how easily you can answer those questions with the way that this is currently structured or designed?
Nichole McLeod (Integrative NP): I think that having. Having the audit tool, maybe come back and say, okay. From the note that you took. It looks like you would bill a 99214 and this is why. And it looks like from the psycho, you know, from the time frame that you're on with the patient, it looks like you would build a 90833. It sounds like you were talking to the patient about psychotherapy for about this amount of time. Say? Yes, I did. You know, do a 99214 and then kind of like, Letting them know. The three different breakdowns of medical decision making on exactly why it conforms to a 99214 versus a 215. And why you're going to pick a 999-0833 versus a 90836. So feedback. Coming right back to them, right on the note that they just did. Would probably be really beneficial. And it would save me time. From going to my clinician and being like, why did you. Why did you chart this one?
Becca Bressler: But I guess that's what the audit feature is meant to do, is tell them, but is what you're saying. That's not sufficient? Like, you want some way of being? Or is that sufficient? Like, I'm almost curious if, like, the things you want. Does this do that? Like, is it clear to you how you might use this to do that? Or, like, what's kind of missing?
Nichole McLeod (Integrative NP): I. I feel like it's not 100% clear, because if you go back to some of my notes, You know, It'll choose a 99213.
Becca Bressler: Yeah.
Nichole McLeod (Integrative NP): You know, I. I don't do 99213, you know, so if. If I was a new clinician, I'd be like, oh, I definitely have to code that as a 99213. I know I'm. You know, I know that the rules of what I'm hitting is a 99214.
Becca Bressler: Yeah.
Nichole McLeod (Integrative NP): When it down codes it, and then that clinician who's new, and they're like, oh, wow, I definitely did a 99213, you know, because it's sating in here that you. This is what you did, you know, So I, like I said, I don't know if that is. Like somewhere where we have to go in and configure the rules. You know? Or because when I was a new clinician, I would always down code.
Nichole McLeod (Integrative NP): Yeah, because I'm. I'm afraid. I'm afraid of, you know, the insurance coming back and saying, oh, you didn't code correctly.
Becca Bressler: So talk to me. About what? About this. To you. Is unclear or it makes you feel like you can't do what you want to do. Like, if you imagine your clinicians on jot psych, they have that jot on it. Like, what's the thing that you want to be able to do that you feel like it's not set up to? Do.
Nichole McLeod (Integrative NP): Well, right now, I think where, you know, they. They fix with AI and then you don't know where it's going, like, you don't know what was fixed. That would be. That right there, I think, is kind of messy. I think there's. There's so much information. I think, like, maybe having, like, An audit friend in there, that's like. I know we have. I know you have the AI assistant in there. But it's, you know, it's just. It's not super clear, you know, there's so much on the page to read. That. It's like, okay, so was it fixed? Was it not fixed?
Becca Bressler: Let me actually ask this a different way, because this is really helpful. Let's assume you totally trust the AI tool. You're like, my clinicians are going to see this. And they're going to be able to see in their note where it's changed. It's going to be like, let's assume that that works. For you as someone who wants like, a global understanding of your practice. What what would you want to be able to do here that maybe you can't do? Like, this view, like this dashboard? Or like what's most important? Like, do you actually like it as is the encounters clinicians or do you wish it looked like, are you interested in information that's not clearly surfaced?
Nichole McLeod (Integrative NP): Well, I mean. Like this really isn't going to be beneficial to me right here, but it might be, like. A compliance rate, I think that's good. The CPT match rate, that's good, but. Why? Why are they not matching the cpt? Like, what's going on? What is. What is this one provider doing that they are not matching it? Where are they having the issue?
Nichole McLeod (Integrative NP): Are they not matching it because of E M or not matching it because of psychotherapy? What are they not understanding?
Becca Bressler: So is your sense that you cannot get to the bottom of that answer right now with this current dashboard.
Nichole McLeod (Integrative NP): With this current dashboard? No, I couldn't.
Becca Bressler: No. Got it. So can you click the clinician for me? Click your name. Is this essentially what you would want to know, though, or.
Nichole McLeod (Integrative NP): So I want to know.
Becca Bressler: Or you want, like, a higher level summary. You're like, sure, this tells me note by note, but, like, broadly, what are the biggest misses here? Is that kind of what you're wanting? You can go into each of these notes.
Nichole McLeod (Integrative NP): I didn't go into this yet before, so.
Becca Bressler: Is. And. But talk to me about that. Is that like. You didn't even know what it would do. Like, Because I guess one of the things I'm trying to figure out is if you had a bunch of clinicians on your team and you had that question of, like, okay, this is a 55% compliance, why is it unclear what you would do next to figure that out, you know?
Nichole McLeod (Integrative NP): I didn't see. I didn't, like, go into these notes. Yet. So this would be, like, right here. I would want to know why is this not a goal? Like, why are we getting a. You know, why are we not in the green? Oh, because it's worth. Okay, I understand. No concern. Okay? I actually really like this screen. What would be also nice? Here. Oh, I like that, too. The other thing that I would want to see here was how. What was the psychotherapy time? Did they choose the correct code here? How much time did they spend doing psychotherapy with the patient?
Becca Bressler: So you actually want to know the time? And it's not the time that they charted. But you're like, you actually want to know what happened in the session, like, from
Nichole McLeod (Integrative NP): the session, the time that's charted for psychotherapy. I wanted to make sure that they chose. That you know. 833 is 16 to 37.
Becca Bressler: Yeah. But if we go back to the first view, because one of the things I'm trying to get to the bottom of is, like, what's the first thing you want to see that then helps you get to the bottom of what you want to know and, like, which of these screens you think is kind of the. First best place to start.
Nichole McLeod (Integrative NP): Honestly, I mean, I think this. Like I said, I really haven't gone through this screen a ton. But I think, like, just understanding, okay? Why are they not compliant? Like, is it coming from this code or this code?
Becca Bressler: Yeah.
Nichole McLeod (Integrative NP): Where? Where are they not being compliant? What are they not understanding about this code? And this code to make sure that the note conforms to reach that those two codes?
Becca Bressler: Yeah.
Nichole McLeod (Integrative NP): Yeah, that would be. That would be my. My best input for that.
Becca Bressler: But then I guess my follow up there, Nicole, is like you can click into it to learn more, but is that not actually kind of answering the question you have? It's like you want a higher level summary or.
Nichole McLeod (Integrative NP): Well, here's the thing. This right here is based off of. The. The time frame.
Becca Bressler: Yeah.
Nichole McLeod (Integrative NP): It's not. It's not justified by the mdm. We do everything by mdm. Because we might see a patient for five minutes for ADHD who's on three controlled medications.
Becca Bressler: Yeah.
Nichole McLeod (Integrative NP): That's mdm. That's why they wouldn't fit. A nine to 1213 versus a 921. Four.
Becca Bressler: Yeah.
Nichole McLeod (Integrative NP): So if you had. This is great. The problems.
Becca Bressler: Right, so right then, right, Nicole. Because it says total encounter times inferred from transcript rather than discrete. So level selection is best justified by mdm.
Nichole McLeod (Integrative NP): Like, right, so you got three. You got over three problems. Risk assessment is good. The other. This would fit. This would fit that too. Modalities. Activities. Yeah. So essentially, this would fit that. Like I said, I didn't spend a lot of time on the screen. Because I've just been doing, like, all my own notes and working with the audit.
Becca Bressler: Got it.
Becca Bressler: So, yeah, I think. I think my. One of my projects here is just kind of understanding, like, the most valuable first screen. And between, like, encounters where you're actually just seeing, like, all the notes, and between clinicians where you're getting, like, a higher level view. Is. Does one feel more like. Like, if when you start your day and you like, walk in in the morning and you're like, getting yourself ready and you're like, what is happening in my practice? Like, what would is. Is one of those kind of more valuable as you're like, morning routine than the other?
Nichole McLeod (Integrative NP): So essentially, it would be right here. The clinicians, in looking at what they're doing.
Becca Bressler: Yeah.
Nichole McLeod (Integrative NP): That would be what would be the most valuable to me to see, you know, who is, you know, something kind of like this. But with each clinician and I would be able to give you more feedback after next week because there Chris is coming in. They're going to put an extension in for them to use everything. So I would, you know, once we use it for a little bit, I would love that if we could be able to give you more feedback on me watching my clinicians and seeing what. What I like, what works, what you know, because right now, I'm the only one that's using it.
Becca Bressler: Yeah.
Becca Bressler: Yeah, I would love that. If we can, like, keep in touch and I can get back in touch with you after. Like, that would be so huge for murderers. Okay. I'm going to let you go, though, because I've taken way too much of your time. But I really appreciate it. We'll send you over. A gift card as, like, a Banks, a token. Thanks. And yeah, I will follow up with you after Chris is there. He's great. I'm sure you've talked to him, so hopefully. I'm sure you guys will have a good onboarding and everything, so.
Nichole McLeod (Integrative NP): All right.
Nichole McLeod (Integrative NP): Hopefully I was helpful, like I said. I think I'll be a lot more helpful after this.
Becca Bressler: Yeah, no, this was so helpful, but. And I'm especially interested to hear more as you continue to use it, so thank you so much.
Nichole McLeod (Integrative NP): Of course. All right.
Becca Bressler: Take care. Bye.
Nichole McLeod (Integrative NP): Take care. Bye. Bye.