Dean Gainey: Not much.
Jackson Bierfeldt: How's life? Good to see you. Oh, my gosh. You and I haven't been on a call in a little while.
Dean Gainey: You're a busy guy.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Oh, my gosh. Like never before. I think back to when we were at Nei and we got a drink at the bar and I was explaining everything. I'm like, yeah, startup thing's pretty cool. Think we're going to get a little bit bigger soon. And then now it's, like, happened and. I'm just like, Yeah.
Dean Gainey: I'm really impressed. I don't know how you handle the pressure. I know back then you're like, yeah, we might exit in a couple years. Here we are.
Jackson Bierfeldt: I know.
Dean Gainey: Because man, you guys are tackling a beast with this ehr and trying to make it to where everyone's needs are met.
Jackson Bierfeldt: It's just tough. It just came out. That was the thing. Just the scribe alone. I mean, I'm sure you get bombarded by like 200 million ads every day for all these different scribes and it's just not. I mean, open evidence has described. Now that's totally free. It's good. So that's just like not the market also, it's just not as useful. I mean, the scribe is useful for sure, but the thing that people really want is to not. Have to worry about the payer and eligibility and compliance. And I want to see my patients, I want to give them care, and then I want to get paid, and that's what I actually want.
Jackson Bierfeldt: So that's what we're trying to do.
Dean Gainey: Yeah, I don't know. That's a tough thing to solve. That's like a dream right there. How are you doing? How are you handling all that pressure, though? That's a lot because you're asking people to and practices to switch something that they're security blanket and that's a tough ask.
Jackson Bierfeldt: It's telephone. We're like walking the line right now with a lot of people. We're at the stage where we're doing a couple of their payers. They're still using their old practice management system for most of it, but they're like, I have problems with Cigna, so I'M. Going to give you all my signo patients, and I'm going to do cigna through JOT Psych, and then we're going to see how that works.
Jackson Bierfeldt: So that's kind of how we're doing it. But you're right, I am stressed about it sometimes because I'M just like, I'm not just writing a soap note anymore. Sending out the claim, getting the era back, finding out the patient responsibility, setting the patient a stripe link, getting the money, keeping track of it. It's like, all sorts of stuff.
Dean Gainey: And it's cool when things click because, man, from when we first met to now, it's just an incredible platform. It is really cool when things click.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Tell me really quick before we get into. Because I know you want to learn a little bit about audit and stuff, but what's going on with you personally? How are you hanging these days?
Dean Gainey: Oh, I'm good. Just working, trying to learn. I think. Yeah. So I guess I think I already told you, but my divorce finalized, so just trying to figure out this new norm. And I have a three year old son, so just trying to adjust to seeing him. Not as often as I would hope, but still trying to be a part of his life and build something that he's proud of when he gets older. So that's personal.
Jackson Bierfeldt: He in Colorado Springs, too?
Dean Gainey: Bro. No. He moved to Germany with his mom.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Oh, that makes things a lot harder. I thought you were going to say no. He's in Denver.
Dean Gainey: No, it was a brutal year, man. Fun fact. Germany is part of what's called a hay convention, so it's considered a state. When it comes to moving. A different state. So it's not like they're moving to a different country, it's like they're moving to a different state. Of course, during divorce, there was a lot of withholding on her part. Out of resentment and withholding, establishes her as the primary parent, especially with his age. And that's all it takes, is to be established as the primary parent, to have majority custody, especially when there's a move.
Jackson Bierfeldt: I'm so sorry to hear that.
Dean Gainey: Yeah, it's been brutal. I mean, I appreciate I only get to see him. Every fourth month for three weeks. So I've just been grinding to where I can take those. That time off and just stare at them.
Jackson Bierfeldt: That fills me with even more. Like, I just want to make the software work so much better for you so you could be like, okay, cool, it's running. I don't need to worry about it. I can spend time with my kid. That's exactly the kind of thing that motivates.
Dean Gainey: I appreciate, but. Practice wise. I guess things are going okay. I mean, I finally moved from like a one little office to actually having a little bit more offices. And just trying to get processes going. I think I'm learning a lot about APIs and Athena and man. I feel like sometimes I know more about this ehr that I do about myself. But you doing okay, though, outside of startup life?
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah. I mean, unfortunately, the company is my entire life at this moment, which is fine. I mean, that's just what it is right now. But you heard we're moving to new York. Did anyone tell you that yet?
Dean Gainey: No. You're out of d. C?
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah, we're moving. We're moving the office to New York. But that's a good thing because most of our employees are already in New York, and they've just been coming down to D.C. so we finally are just like, all right, we're just going to get an office in New York, Nate. And I are going to move up there.
Dean Gainey: That's awesome. Congrats. What are you going to do with your DC House?
Jackson Bierfeldt: We're just putting it back on the market. I mean, we were just renting it anyway, so it was fun.
Dean Gainey: Yeah. I don't know. You guys have a pretty good team. All these improvements you've made so quickly. Your developers have been on it, man.
Jackson Bierfeldt: We're working hard, but, yeah, to that end, I don't have that much time because I got to run after this. But I'd love to know, are you just kind of curious to get a rundown? Are you trying to get something specific set up? I think Lee told me that you wanted to talk. About jot, Bill. So whatever you want to go over happy.
Dean Gainey: So I guess. Because I think I only have 10 minutes left. I'll just log in. Lee mentioned that you guys are doing, like, a tiered pricing at some point.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah.
Dean Gainey: Okay? That's cool. Okay, let me just log back into this.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah, we're trying to make it so that. Because there's a lot of people who are just trainees or they're super new and they see two or three patients right now, and they don't want to pay the whole subscription. So we're trying to make, like, a spot for them, which. Are trying to make a spot for people who want just jot psych as it exists now and then. We're trying to make a tier for people who are like, I want the scribe and I want the audit system and I want prescription and I want the telehealth and the whole thing.
Dean Gainey: When is that rolling out?
Jackson Bierfeldt: Which one?
Dean Gainey: The tiered pricing.
Jackson Bierfeldt: We're starting to roll it out now for newer people that are just coming in, and then I think we're probably about a month away from offering it to everybody.
Dean Gainey: Do you have open APIs or no?
Jackson Bierfeldt: No, we don't.
Dean Gainey: Okay. I figured. And that makes sense, I guess. Yeah. I was confused on difference between jot audit and jot coach. And I guess because, well, the issue that I've been running, that I've been still noticing, is that whenever you enter. Whatever. I'm glad you finally did this. You guys probably already have. This in your pipeline are already aware, so I'm probably beating a dead horse, but I have noticed that. The psychotherapy minutes don't really pull forward to the know.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah.
Dean Gainey: On the template. And I'll just kind of rush through this and. But it only pulls forward. For these jot Audit templates and these little these little template sections that were created by jot Audit. When he did create that was created by jot Psych. When you created it, you kind of did it during the start of jot Audit. And they were pretty good. It's just the only thing is that you can't really, when you create your own template, you can't really find the ones you created.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Those same sections.
Dean Gainey: But for instance, the add on psychotherapy, that is a jot audit template. It's an og, but like the psychotherapy. Minutes never transfer over. It always has that, like, blank, fillable blue box. That you know what I'm talking about. This thing. Even if the minutes are inputted and I could never get, like, I can never figure this thing out. Whether even when I have.
Dean Gainey: Even when I have, like. I'm glad you made it to where we can finally delete appointments. But even when I have it like, okay, Met appointment. Med. No. Default modality video and make telehealth default. But when I go here, I have met appointment. Meta point. And then like, it still has like office selected or in person. Even though. Am I reading that correctly?
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah, no, I. I agree. I think that this has been something that is just, like, really confusing to people. I don't even think I fully understand it, to be honest, because, like, the way you just set it up with telehealth, like, to my mind, that should switch over to modality video.
Dean Gainey: Yeah. So it's like we. We always have to select it, and then I'll just go into a person. So I. I think it's awesome you guys rolled out e prescribe. One thing that I've noticed with, like, EHRs is that, like, the medication and diagnosis section, like, usually, like, you kind of have to, like, drag it and tie it to a diagnosis and then, like, it kind of helps with the e prescribed workflow,
Jackson Bierfeldt: the medication tied to a diagnosis. Interesting. Okay. Yeah, that's something that, you know, we have a team that's just making the, like, eprescribe better. I haven't thought about that, so can you just tell me a little bit more about how that typically works?
Dean Gainey: Yeah, I can definitely. So. If I may. So what? What's. I'll show you my athena. But in order to eat prescribed, it's best practice to tie a medication to a diagnosis. And the reason being is because, like, you know, for prior auth reasons for, for insurance coverage reasons to keep track of what the patient failed or had had it failed. When, when you start going into new. I mean, all the stuff you learned at any I. And then. And so usually I'm just going to go here and create an order group real quick. So usually here's an order group. Here's something. Whenever I. I'll just put an adhd. And then you have adhd. I'll just add anxiety, too. But, like, you have this button, and then, you know, I can prescribe. It's red because I don't have the quantity, but I'll show you real quick. But like. But like, it's tied to a diagnosis. If it wasn't, like, if I just selected a med, it would be red because it's not tied to diagnosis.
Jackson Bierfeldt: If that. Will that stop you from prescribing it, or is it just warning you?
Dean Gainey: I would not be able to sign the order. And usually when you send a med without a diagnosis tied to it, if you're able to somehow get around it, Can you? No. Pharmacies will fax you back saying missing ICD10 code.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Got it.
Dean Gainey: And then I guess, you know, past meds here, like, you know, kind of like what you're doing right now. Like, past meds. Prescribe here. PDMP is, like, easily viewable. And this. It's all within the interface now, like, for instance, like sometimes, like. This pulls from, like, external resources, but, like, sometimes there's other diagnosis. And then to, like, make it. Make it, like, better sometimes. What I appreciate sometimes you can put, like, internal notes easily. Like, start or. Or like, like. Or sorry, like some sort of response. Like, partially effective.
Jackson Bierfeldt: And that helps you understand if you change meds later. Like what?
Dean Gainey: The history and then which to this. And, like, what I was saying in my support ticket, like, you have all the right things here. It'd be nice if you could, like, customize this a little more by, like, moving the columns, but, like, there's no real way to, you know, it's a bit. It's a bit crowded, honestly.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah.
Dean Gainey: Yeah, but there's no real way to tie it to diagnosis or. Or, like, make, like, easy, easy notes to yourself or to, like, quickly, like, stop, hold DC in effect, like, those kind of things. But.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah, that's gold. I just wrote all that down.
Dean Gainey: But that was. That was really it. But, yeah, so I guess. And another thing I've noticed is that you're not. You're unable to, like, remove templates from the list. Like, for instance, I want to move. Remove this template. The delete button is gone, but. But I guess I know you. I only have three minutes, so I'll. I'll stop there, I think. Yeah. So I guess I'm just trying to understand, like. With that being said, I. I mentioned to you the office visit. How like the. The psychotherapy minutes. Even when we put it in, it's not in the know. Audit. Supposed to like. Is it like, hey, like, could I tell it like, hey, for every 90833 have it default to say this in this section or like. Or is that jot coach or what? What are, what are? How do I use these two?
Jackson Bierfeldt: Great question. Yeah. That is honestly, like still, still being worked out, like, how it actually influences the note right now. What audit is mainly for is to catch problems, particularly if you have like, other clinicians that are working under you and you want to say something like, you know, every HPI needs to have three direct quotes from the patient in it. Or if you want to say, for 9920 and above, you know, codes, the medical decision making section needs to be filled in. Or something like that, where you want to just, like, give it those kinds of rules, and then it will tell you if the note is, like, ready to be actually sent to Billing or not, if it's following those rules. So it's currently not affecting the note. As much, but that is the, the next step. I mean, that is what we're working on now, making it so that if you have the rule, it actually starts affecting the way that the note gets written, because that it just makes sense. Like, it's not that useful if it just tells you there's a problem every time it needs to, like, go and fix it.
Dean Gainey: Yeah. And then how does that. Okay. And then how does. How would that differ from jock coach?
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah, jot coach is something that, you know, we're working on less right now. But what jot coach is, is it's like actually texting you, you know, suggestions about. Yeah, hey, that was a good session, but next time, remember to ask this question earlier, you know, or, hey, that was a good session, but. You know, you did 14 minutes of psychotherapy without really meeting it. Like, if you had done another two, then you would have been, you know, in the category where you could actually bill for that. So, you know, it that. That's more of, like, a training thing in jot audit is more of a, like, looking at. The documentation and making sure everything looks good so that you're in compliance.
Dean Gainey: Thank you for explaining that. Yeah.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Question. That means everyone has that question, you know.
Dean Gainey: Good. Yeah. And I know I'm out of time, but I know you got. You went with doe spot. And I've. I've used those spot before with healthy that big like health and like the interface is just, you know, it can cause a lot of duplications. I don't know how open their API is, but the more you could do on like this record screen or even on their profile.
Jackson Bierfeldt: But anyways, eventually bring it in.
Dean Gainey: Yeah. And if you. If you said you have people working on, like, the med section, if they ever want to. Want to meet or. Or bounce ideas off each other, I'm always welcome to meet. Your team is amazing. And happy to work.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Dean, trust me, everyone knows that you're, like, one of the first people that we go to for these things. So you will be getting a call shortly once we. Once we start working on that so that you can help us figure it out.
Dean Gainey: Yeah, brother. Well, good luck with everything. I know I'm at time. And, yeah, just, you know, keep your sanity.
Jackson Bierfeldt: I'm doing it. I'm doing it for you, Dean.
Dean Gainey: I'm doing it. You, man.
Jackson Bierfeldt: I'll talk to you later.
Dean Gainey: Bye.