Emily Kaiser: It's been having some problems as far as just drought hike in general as you kind of get implemented. So I'd love to kind of go through each one of what you're experiencing and see if we can find some solutions.
Martin Schwarting: Sure. I'm just trying to figure out. Okay? I'm looking at the smart scribe right now. I uploaded a. I copy and pasted a template. It's called psychiatric diagnostic evaluation ehr template.
Martin Schwarting: And it looks like the jot filled the template with the information from Alfred Appleseed. Did it do that automatically, or is that something that I did?
Emily Kaiser: No, Alfred Appleseed is. It actually would be so helpful if you were able to share your screen so I could see exactly what you're seeing, but Alfred Appleseed. Is our demo, basically, so you can go into that profile and you can see how the notes are. Are made or what's produced, and it's just kind of an example.
Martin Schwarting: Okay? I can't click out of here. When I'm.
Martin Schwarting: The Google just to the Share the window.
Emily Kaiser: One second.
Martin Schwarting: Yeah.
Emily Kaiser: Oh, okay.
Martin Schwarting: Share window. It won't let me.
Emily Kaiser: Are you on the Google Meet? Oh, there we go. I see something coming up. Ok, so now if you did you click share entire screen.
Martin Schwarting: Again. It says sharing your entire screener browser window can cause an infinity mirror. Show my screen anyway.
Emily Kaiser: Yes. But yes.
Martin Schwarting: Ok?
Emily Kaiser: Ok, so then go to that tab.
Martin Schwarting: Okay, so here is the template. I copy and pasted it and then it pre populated with the Alfred Appleseed by itself.
Emily Kaiser: Okay?
Martin Schwarting: Or did I do something? Did I somehow make it populate?
Emily Kaiser: That's a good question. Can you scroll up a little bit?
Martin Schwarting: Yeah.
Emily Kaiser: What happens if you click on a different template?
Martin Schwarting: Well, there are templates that were already there, right?
Emily Kaiser: And it doesn't have any information inside the sections like that last one. Okay? Now go back to that first template, the one you uploaded. And then if you click that down arrow on administrative and visit information, that's where it prep. Okay, so I think it's just an example. Do you see where it says example? Where? Right under the heading Administrative and visit information. Right above patient name. It says blue in blue. Example.
Martin Schwarting: Example. Okay. My question is, when I go to record and let's say I want to.
Emily Kaiser: Are you still there? Martin, can you hear me?
Martin Schwarting: Record. Ing. Oh. Here we go. All right. Okay, so I just thought my. My question is.
Emily Kaiser: Can you hear me?
Martin Schwarting: Can you hear me? I can hear you now. Yeah.
Emily Kaiser: Okay.
Martin Schwarting: Okay.
Emily Kaiser: Your question is what?
Martin Schwarting: Is what?