Adam Harrison: Awesome. Well, yeah, I can, I can start. So. So I'm, I'm Adam, Michelle, as you know. But let's say we got someone from, from your team here on the job site. I am sort of leading our charge into the billing and eligibility world. So, yeah, I'm kind of been working with Michelle and, you know, we've been spending a lot of time together sort of on eligibility to start, really. So, yeah. And then Asia, you know, I can give the quick intro and feel free to introduce yourself too. But Asia from our side has been the one making a lot of the actual phone calls for eligibility when we've had to do, like, we've had a few pilots that we've done with a few customers. And so Asia has very much been, you know, in the trenches with Blue Cross, Blue Shield, you know, Cigna United, everyone. So he's had a lot of. He's learned pretty quickly, you know, what, what it's like to kind of have to have to do this.
Adam Harrison: Wonderful insurances, the wonderful world of insurance. So, yeah, asi, I don't know if you want to. Want to add anything and then, Michelle, I can turn it over to you.
Asia Usmani: Hi. Yeah, whatever Adam said. Exactly. That's what I'm doing. Just dealing with all different kind of insurances, learning because each of them are like, they want policies different, their IBR system and stuff. So as you said, when you go through like 100 lists in like a week and think you learn pretty quick. But yeah, as I'm doing more and I'm like getting more info that I'm like, okay, I'm learning how to navigate the system too, like to get more quicker way to get to the live representative. That's the hardest part. Other than that, yeah, it's going really well.
Michelle Lynn: I'm Michelle. I own Northeastern Plains Mental Health Billing and Credentialing. Nicole works for me. She's our credentialing manager and she does all of our eligibility checks alongside of Rebecca. Rebecca couldn't be here because she had an animal that had to go to them or just, I don't know.
Adam Harrison: So, yeah, awesome. Great. Great to meet you. And yeah, I can share a little bit of kind of what I was hoping to go through today. We have just about an hour if, you know, I'm sensing this may go a little longer. So we can either grab time another, you know, another day, or if you are free, you know, maybe an extra 15 or 20 minutes would be, I'm guessing, probably pretty helpful. But yeah, goal for today is we are sort of trying to learn and understand better the world of eligibility. We right now have done a few like tests ourselves and we're just trying to figure out like what do you actually need to do to do an eligibility check and what are the different outputs that, you know, the different like kind of data points you need to collect. Right. And when is it okay to do a portal check via something like Availability or others? When do you need to pick up the phone? And yeah, that's, that's I think kind of the main goal. So really we were hoping to just sort of like shadow you both today as you like run through a few different checks and just sort of like follow your workflow. And then I'd also love to spend a little time kind of sharing where we are in our approach and maybe we can like kind of try to marry the two towards the end of the call.
Michelle Lynn: Okay, so I'll leave it to you to take it away. Yeah. So what we did was we forced, we have four staff members that we gathered their insurance and so we're going to utilize that to pull insurance from. We have Aetna. What do we have here? We have Aetna, United Health Care, Cigna and Anthem.
Adam Harrison: Okay.
Michelle Lynn: So that way we have an opportunity to go through several different portals and she'll share the screen once she gets the information. So just to be quite honest with you, and when it comes to working the portals versus making a phone call, I highly recommend always using a portal if it's available because you can actually print out the data to, to have the information. Because a lot of times providers want to see that, clients want to see that, but if you can't pull it, then that's when you pick the phone up. Know how to share.
Adam Harrison: Right.
Michelle Lynn: The little box with the arrow, third one and that one.
Adam Harrison: Yep. And Michelle, one question on that.
Adam Harrison: So, or like availability, for example, you have to get your client to create an account for you under their availability login. Right. You, you can't just like make your own availability and do chicks willy nilly on whoever. Is that right?
Michelle Lynn: So you. So for like, for me, I have a, an availability portal as my billing company and then I can pull in either all of my clients that I know for they have to actually talk to availity. So what happens is once it's all filled out, Availability will call the provider to verify that it's okay for us to bill for them and have access to their information.
Adam Harrison: So it's not like something they can just do online or a button they can press. It's a literal phone call that happens.
Michelle Lynn: Now, I will tell you that it's a lot easier, honestly for a billing company to set availability up if you can get availability to connect with the provider. The one thing about availability, when a provider sets it up, it's very tedious and like they ask some of the craziest questions. It's amazing the things that availity knows. Claire, back to when you were in school, I have had providers that have just literally canceled insurance plans because they won't deal with availity because it's so hard to get connected with. So that's when we in turn will turn around and usually put them under us.
Michelle Lynn: There can be some points to that though, because if they already have started creating an availability portal, availability a lot of times will not let us do it either.
Adam Harrison: Oh, I see. So if they have an existing one, can you, through your availability add their organization or.
Michelle Lynn: No, a lot of times it won't let us do that because it'll say they already have a portal. Now if they have a portal, they can add you as a user.
Adam Harrison: Okay, so.
Michelle Lynn: So we're going to show. She's going to show on the screen. So like you can manage my organization and then it lists anybody that you would have underneath if you, you know, if you can get them added under you. Yeah, I forgot how you. Oh, to add them you have to go over. Register an organization is how you go in and start that process.
Adam Harrison: Got it. So if they already have one, is that a separate availability account login or it all goes into here into Michelle's account?
Michelle Lynn: No, if they already have one, it's separate. Unless I'm able to add them here and then it goes under mine. But it depends on what availability's mood is like in that day. That's terrible to say it that way, but it literally is that way. Availability is not the greatest site.
Adam Harrison: Okay, so you have this, Michelle's account for availability and then you have maybe 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 10 other availability accounts for different organizations.
Michelle Lynn: Absolutely.
Adam Harrison: And is that the same for. The other portals or they, like, behave differently?
Michelle Lynn: No. Provider Express. Well, all of them are that way. We don't have an organization for evernote, that is each individual provider or group. And Provider Express. We do have one and we can add the providers underneath. We can only add providers. We can't add a group.
Adam Harrison: So you can't add an organization. You can just add provider. Individual provider. NPIs.
Michelle Lynn: Yeah. And they may have updated that since we've had. I've had these accounts for years and years, but they. They've never allowed us to add an organization in Provider Express.
Adam Harrison: Got it.
Michelle Lynn: Do you want us to move forward with showing our process?
Adam Harrison: Yeah. Yeah. Thank you. Sorry I interrupted.
Michelle Lynn: No, you're okay.
Michelle Lynn: So we'll select the provider that we're going to pull under and let me see. She's just gathering information to fill into the fields.
Adam Harrison: Okay, so you're just putting in the patient information at this point?
Michelle Lynn: Yes. So just some of them will require the first and last name along with the member ID and date of birth. Some just will ask for the member id. It just depends on the insurance and what they require.
Adam Harrison: Got it. Okay, that's helpful. And you always do outpatient mental health provider?
Michelle Lynn: Yes, and that's primarily what we bill for, is just outpatient. We don't do any facilities, so that's why we usually look under there.
Adam Harrison: Oh, do you ever put CPT codes in? Is that the procedure codes?
Michelle Lynn: Once in a great while, not very often. Mainly because most of you know most behavioral health bills under the same CPP code.
Adam Harrison: Got it.
Michelle Lynn: So you can put it in here. It's not going to return anything really different for you.
Michelle Lynn: We can show you. Both ways that we would do it. Yeah. Usually I haven't seen availity give specific benefit information for CPT codes. Usually Evernorth for cigna. You can do it on there and it'll actually pull specific benefits for that CPT code.
Michelle Lynn: But I haven't seen it on availability.
Adam Harrison: Okay. We've tried calling and asking like, oh, do you cover 99214? You know, ASI knows this, but. And they'll say like, yes. You know, I mean it's 99% of the time I think it's yes if they have mental health coverage. Right. But yeah, I don't think that really exists through like a portal. It sounds like with a few exceptions.
Michelle Lynn: So one of the things that most insurances cover all behavioral health plans, however the catcher is how the contract reads. Because if you are just a therapist, you are not going to be Approved for a 99214.
Adam Harrison: Right, right.
Michelle Lynn: So, you know, so if you're calling and you have a mixed group, that's when you really want to make for sure that you're checking those. All of those codes is because like for just for instance, we have a company out of, out of Washington that they do psychological testing and therapy. Well, they didn't have the psychological testing added to their contract, so they were receiving all denials.
Michelle Lynn: So once we got that added, we were able to reprocess and get them paid. But because they were not part of their contract, when we called, we would ask, you know, do you cover this code? And they would say yes, but they weren't digging specifically into the provider's contract.
Adam Harrison: Got it. So if like for example, one of the things we're trying to build is like have our drop sites AI agent look at your contracts with Cigna and you know, Blue Cross, whoever. Right. We get those 200 page contracts and then we can use that as like a data source to do the eligibility checks. Those contracts would have like all that CPT code kind of stuff in it. Is that right or not really.
Michelle Lynn: Not really. Because it depends upon whether they provide a rate schedule with the contract. A lot of times they don't. And sometimes you will pull teeth to get a rate schedule from them. And it's the rate schedule that will tell you what codes are approved in the contract.
Adam Harrison: Oh, so that's a separate document. Yeah. Okay, gotcha. Okay.
Michelle Lynn: And there are some companies that include those pages in the contract, but not all of them, of course.
Michelle Lynn: Right, right, yeah.
Adam Harrison: That's the name of the game. Exception. So. Okay. I'm sorry I keep interrupting.
Michelle Lynn: Thank you, though.
Adam Harrison: Feel free to keep going.
Michelle Lynn: Okay, so this is what availability polls. It'll show the eligibility, usually right here. The dates of. Of their coverage, and then, let me see here. I never even looked at my own plan. Oh, yeah. And then if we scroll down a bit, this is where it's going to show the deductibles for the most part. A lot of them will show how much the client has met towards their deductible and what they have remaining as of the date that you pull it. And then.
Adam Harrison: Are you. What are the things. Do you mind narrating? Like, what are the. Like kind of. If you were filling out a spreadsheet for this patient. Like, what are the things you're kind of looking for as you go through this? Like, you look. You mentioned the dates. I think first, like, coverage active. I don't know if there's in network, out of network. If that was somewhere up here.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, I'd love to just sort of know how you. How you would read this.
Michelle Lynn: She's going to populate the form that we use, the one I sent you.
Adam Harrison: Perfect.
Michelle Lynn: And then we'll just go ahead and fill it out as we go. You can maybe make this a split screen so they can see as you go. Okay, Come over here to the screen. Bring it over there.
Michelle Lynn: Yeah, bring it over here. And then let me see your mouse real quick. Maybe if I can get it to cooperate with me. We'll bring this one here. Sorry, I have tons of stuff on mine. Where's my availability? The first one. Oh, there we go. Okay, we'll move this over so you can see. There you go. And then you can just kind of scroll down through this.
Adam Harrison: So I think we're just seeing still the availability screen.
Adam Harrison: I think you gotta share full screen.
Michelle Lynn: I have to what?
Adam Harrison: Oh, you might have to share your whole screen instead of just the tab.
Michelle Lynn: Yeah, let me Google Meets thing.
Michelle Lynn: Maybe it's the availability and then the document. Maybe. And where. That third one. Oh. Oh, this one? No, I guess. Oh, mapping for insurance eligibility. Right under it. I don't think it's. Letting us do both. Let me see. Or it says entire screen. Oh, good. You go. But it won't let me share. It won't let me share the entire screen. Maybe because. Well, maybe we can share the eligibility document and then go back. Yeah, how about we do that? We'll just share the.
Adam Harrison: Sure.
Michelle Lynn: I don't know why this is not. There we go. Okay. Okay, we'll share this one so you can see what we look for and then we'll go back and show where we get it from because I don't know why it won't.
Adam Harrison: I remember this. This doc you sent.
Michelle Lynn: Yeah, yeah.
Adam Harrison: So this is kind of what you hand over to the provider after.
Michelle Lynn: Yeah, yeah. And that.
Michelle Lynn: And ever since we started using this with all of it, we get. We get no kickback from providers or from clients because it breaks down all of their information.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, this is really everything that you would want. Right.
Michelle Lynn: We. So I usually first look at the eligibility date just to make sure that they're active, of course. And for the most part I usually just pull under the provider because a lot of our companies, some providers are only credentialed with certain insurance companies. And let's see here. So, yeah, so the starting of the eligibility and when the insurance might term. Some of the insurances that we work with start over every 90 days. So that's always helpful to kind of put in there the plan type, whether it's a ppo, hmo, epo, if it's Medicare or Medicaid, that's definitely important because a lot of them take mostly commercial that we work with. The other piece to that too is there's so many of the Medicare Advantage plans out there. So you definitely want to ask that question because if your provider has opted out of Medicare, a lot of times they cannot take the Advantage plans either.
Adam Harrison: That's about it.
Michelle Lynn: Then it's also important to ask to find the place of service because sometimes the co pay or the coinsurance is going to be different from in person to any virtual or telehealth. Appointment and then if it's the same for both, we just let them know. For both, this is the information that applies to both in person and virtual, whether the provider is participating or not. Along with the company. We always look at the copay, coinsurance and deductible. We usually don't. Most of the time the out of pocket max doesn't really apply because it is such a large amount. Most people don't meet that. So we mostly just look at the deductible. And we always ask about if there's prior authorization that's required. A lot of times for mental health there isn't.
Michelle Lynn: But some plans, like HMO plans, there is prior auth.
Adam Harrison: Is that sort of the same as referral? Like if you need a PCP referral for a psychiatrist, is that something you ask for as well?
Michelle Lynn: Generally the referral is already in place before we get to this point. And that comes from the PCP straight to the office. The prior authorization is they're authorizing how many services can be, how many services they can be seen for and what CPT codes can be used.
Adam Harrison: Got it. Is that different than a visit limit for like 26 visits for the year? Would that be included in that?
Michelle Lynn: So it depends. So if so, some insurances will give you, like you said, like 25 visits for the year. But if it's prior authorization, a lot of times they'll authorize like the assessment and then they might authorize 10 individual sessions because obviously the key is to get them stable and functioning and move them on. And then there are some insurances that once the authorization has run out, they require a new diagnosis code because they want to know why they still need services. You know, I mean, yes, if it's schizophrenia, but there's, there's got to be another reason why they still need. Because they may have been put on medications, but now they need therapy. Therapy is a different diagnosis than what schizophrenia requires.
Michelle Lynn: So depending on the authorization and the company, there can be all kinds of different requirements.
Adam Harrison: Got it. Okay, thank you.
Michelle Lynn: And then other than that, we usually check to see if there's any out of network benefits. Just in case anything fishy comes along with, you know, in their specific plan that maybe isn't on our provider's contract for that plan. So we always want to make sure just in case. If there is out of network benefits, we have that information too. Some of the tricky things with mental health is you'll get a plan that might be like an Anthem plan, but their behavioral health services will actually bill through Optum. And so you have to really, it's very important that you have a copy of the card to be able to see that information. Because if you just go to the to availability and look to see if they have behavioral health benefits, it's going to say yes, but it's not telling you where you're supposed to submit that to. And so then you submit them to Anthem, you get denials. So you have to have that card to specifically see where behavioral health benefits may be billable to.
Adam Harrison: Do you have an example card that we could see of what that looks like? Or is it easy? Is it like buried in the fine print or is it like.
Michelle Lynn: No, no, sometimes it's very obvious. Sometimes it can be just on the back. It can just be like a one line that says behavioral health bills to Optum and then other spots it can be like the emblem on there. It just depends on the type of card. Yeah, I mean, we. We run into things all the time that we're just like, seriously, Couldn't you be more obvious?
Adam Harrison: Yikes. Okay, cool. All right, so do you mind if we go through now like the availability side and I can sort of side by side see how you would fill this out?
Michelle Lynn: Yep. Stop sharing that one. There we go. Okay, so again, and right here, this is what type of plan? It says it's an HMO plan, the deductible. And it has the out of pocket, which again, we don't usually tend to look at too often. Mostly the deductible. And then right here is where you'll find the CO payment coinsurance. And then sometimes it will say the deductible down here, but for the most part it'll just have you refer to above. So they have a $30 co payment, no co. Co insurance applies. And then the deductible. I'm not quite sure what that is. So when it says that, it refers to. First to the health plan coverage. It's going to fall back to the deductible. So like this is my plan that we're showing you. And so for my plan I will, I have to first meet the $250 deductible and then my $30 co pays will go into effect. So if you have, if you click this, it will tell you here, takes you back up here to that tells you that you that this applies for this benefit.
Adam Harrison: Okay. So they pay 250 out of pocket and then they have a $30 copay. That's how I read this.
Michelle Lynn: Yep, yep. And they'll pay that $30 copay until the $4,000 out of pocket max. And then once that's met, obviously then that's when insurance will take the rest.
Adam Harrison: Okay. Okay, good.
Michelle Lynn: Let me see what other insurances we have.
Adam Harrison: So wait, but for this one, can we spend a little more time before we look at another patient? Because like so far, if I refer back to the spreadsheet that you were filling out, right. We didn't go through everything. I don't think like place of service or prior auth required or even like in or out of network. I'm not sure I saw that.
Michelle Lynn: So out of network it looks like there are no out of network benefits. So it's not covered.
Adam Harrison: But I mean you're checking for a specific provider. Right. And you want to know that they're in network with this plan.
Michelle Lynn: Correct.
Adam Harrison: Does that show somewhere here that like, oh, we're in network.
Michelle Lynn: So right here you have our requesting physician.
Michelle Lynn: Oh, I'm pointing. So, so right here is showing which provider I had selected and in their npi. So it's going to pull that information for this specific provider. And so everything below the copay, the out of pop or the out of network is pulled all from for Riley.
Adam Harrison: So Riley is in network.
Michelle Lynn: Yes, yes.
Adam Harrison: Where does it say in network for Riley? Sorry, I'm like if I'm being slow here.
Michelle Lynn: So it would just be the in network. So if, if he's not in network, it would come up and tell us that he's not in network.
Adam Harrison: Okay.
Michelle Lynn: And basically like over here, this section over here. Under these benefits, this would be yellow. This bar would be yellow.
Adam Harrison: Yeah.
Michelle Lynn: And then sometimes it will say in this same provider information box, if the provider or the practice is not participating or if availity doesn't know, it will say that it cannot pull that information.
Michelle Lynn: And then you make a phone call. Yeah. Yeah.
Adam Harrison: Okay. So for this, it doesn't say anything about prior auth, but is that okay for this plan? Like, how would you know if you need to make a call for that?
Michelle Lynn: Sometimes where it says limitations and authorization, it will say auth required. There will be a red box right here under the authorization. Or even, like, limitations. Sometimes this is where it'll say there's, you know, 25 visits allowed. Or it'll even say, like, 999 visits are allowed per year.
Adam Harrison: Okay.
Adam Harrison: But if they don't specify, it doesn't mean that there isn't a limit. It just means you might have to call to find out. Right.
Michelle Lynn: If there's not one, it typically. It means that they're unlimited visits.
Michelle Lynn: You know, there's stipulations to that. Like, you can't go and see a behavioral health provider, you know, three times a day unless it's a crisis situation. You can see them more than once a week, but you can't see them more than once a day. You can see two different behavioral health providers in a day as long as they're not the same type of provider. So, like a nurse practitioner. You could see a nurse practitioner or a psychiatrist and then a therapist, and they'll pay for that.
Adam Harrison: Got it. Okay. Interesting. Yep. Thank you.
Michelle Lynn: Okay. Any other questions on the availability?
Adam Harrison: Nope, that's. This is all really. I'll say. Did you have anything or. But I think I'm good.
Asia Usmani: Adam is so good that as soon as I'm trying to, like, ask questions, he literally just, like, steal it from my mouth. Is he has same questions.
Michelle Lynn: I'm like, okay, you're right there, Adam.
Adam Harrison: Oh, all right. Thanks, Sasia.
Michelle Lynn: Mine would be found in availity. Tiffs is going to be Cigna, and United Tiffs is Aetna. So that would be. She selected. Did that wrong. I thought she had. Oh, maybe she does have it. And I thought she had signa. Sorry. Okay, so let's see, we can look at.
Asia Usmani: I have. Sorry, one question. It doesn't mention here for the referral at all. Right. So if referral is needed.
Michelle Lynn: Referral from a pcp, yes. Yeah. No, it doesn't. And very rarely is a referral needed from a pcp.
Asia Usmani: Okay. If it's hmo, does it need for HMO or for hmo?
Michelle Lynn: Yes, they require. A lot of times they require a referral and a lot of times they require prior authorization.
Asia Usmani: But we wouldn't be able to see it. True ability if it needs that.
Michelle Lynn: It depends on the plan. You know, every plan is different and it depends on who the payer is. You know, like this one here is a UC Health plan here in Colorado. We're going to pull Nicole's plan and it's a Regents, which is out of like Washington area. It may give more information. Going to go do that now just so that we can show you kind of the differences.
Asia Usmani: Okay.
Michelle Lynn: And I'm just going to use the same provider as well.
Asia Usmani: Okay. Yeah. Out of like at least 200 patients that I got, they mostly all have like no visit limits. Very few that I came across where they said like, you know, after some visits, 20 visits, you need PCP refer. But other than that, they all based on necessity, they said. And like unlimited based on necessity.
Michelle Lynn: Correct. Majority depends on the plan. Some of them are a little bit stricter. Yeah. And some of them are, you know, they. The emphasis on behavioral health changed a lot over the years. There used to be a lot of limits, a lot of plans didn't cover it, and now they do.
Asia Usmani: Yeah. Yeah. The fact that they even put it on the cards now, the mental health, the behavior health, I don't think it was in the back of the cards before.
Asia Usmani: Yeah, that's new too.
Michelle Lynn: Yep. So this one is mine. I've actually never looked at it either. So mine is a PPO plan and this one shows participating network and preferred. So we're going to look at participating for the deductible. So I have a $3,400 deductible, 6,850. Family. And so for the preferred, I can't remember what they said was the difference between a preferred and a participating. So with the ppo, the preferred is staying in. In network. Okay. And then the participating. You know, I mean, most, most of the time it's. You can have a participating plan that. Oh, I just lost my train of thought. A participating plan where you. The group may be in network, but the providers aren't. And so that's why you get your 50% coinsurance. It's higher because the providers are not in network, but the group or the tax ID is participating. Okay. Does that make sense? Yep. I just, I haven't actually come across where there's two different coinsurances.
Asia Usmani: So I have a question related to that. When they say participating with each. Because some providers have like two different addresses. Right. To where they. So they asked me the address. So usually it's the same provider, but one of the address, they said, okay, we don't have that. And the other address is what's in the system. And like it's a network, like they're accepting. So why, like, even though it's not telehealth, it's like in person. So how does the different address matters?
Michelle Lynn: Well, that comes down to a credentialing situation. Every everywhere that a provider participates or sees, a client has to be credentialed. So in a case like that, probably what happened was they were participating in another at one location and maybe they opened another location and they never had it added. So most of those claims are going to process either as denied or an added network because that is not a participating practice.
Asia Usmani: Okay. So one, but one provider can add multiple addresses.
Michelle Lynn: Oh, yes.
Asia Usmani: Yeah, yeah. It's just they didn't add it or it's not in the system for that.
Michelle Lynn: Correct.
Asia Usmani: Thanks.
Michelle Lynn: Okay, do you guys have any questions about this one?
Adam Harrison: So this is one that you're like, okay, this looks good. I don't, I don't need to make a call. Right, right.
Michelle Lynn: Because we have no authorization, no limits. I'll let you work them out. Because I keep pointing, you guys cannot see my finger. So no limitations, no authorization. We know that. Got a deductible she has to meet and then after the deductible is a 20% coinsurance. Okay. So this would not be one we would call on.
Adam Harrison: Okay, what about maybe this goes to like what we were talking about a little earlier of like the telehealth versus in person. Because some plans, they require you to be in person and they don't actually cover for telehealth for mental health.
Adam Harrison: Like is that something that normally pops up here or is that something that like could be the case for this plan and you would only really know if you called?
Michelle Lynn: Well, to be honest, most every plan covers telehealth to some, some point, some degree. What is, what we're finding now is that they're going back to, to where they're requiring at least one in person session. If they're an established client, one session within the first year. But if they're a new client, it has to be a one in person session in the first six months. Got it. But most all plans cover telehealth.
Asia Usmani: They asked with telehealth if it's, if it's their own or if it's a different party vendor. And that varies too.
Michelle Lynn: So what they want to know with that is basically if it's a HIPAA compliant. Okay. They want to make for sure that you're using a HIPAA because like Zoom is not HIPAA compliant.
Asia Usmani: Oh, I see, I see.
Michelle Lynn: Yeah. So they want to make for sure that you use a HIPAA compliant video audio system when providing services.
Asia Usmani: And mostly providers use their own. What is when they say their own. So what is that?
Michelle Lynn: So it's usually like with say simple practice has their own audio Psychology Today Doxy Me. Those are HIPAA compliant. So when you would, they would ask like, are, do you use your own being like your own EHR program, not like just a Zoom program. I don't think very many people realize that Zoom is not HIPAA compliant.
Asia Usmani: Yeah.
Michelle Lynn: Because I have providers that'll go, yeah, I use Zoom as my backup. And I'm like, no you don't.
Asia Usmani: Some, I've seen some like do the FaceTime too.
Michelle Lynn: Yeah. And that is a big no, no, that is not HIPAA compliant at all.
Asia Usmani: Yeah. It was a nurse practitioner that my husband's cousin.
Michelle Lynn: Yeah. I actually just had one of my providers call me the other day and ask if she could facetime with her client and I said, you should not do that.
Asia Usmani: Yeah.
Michelle Lynn: Adam, did you have other questions about this one?
Adam Harrison: Maybe one question is like, you tend to, I think, save like a record of this. Like how would you actually save this on file for like if there was a denial or the clinician wants documentation. What is you just screenshot something or is there a printout PDF thing you do?
Michelle Lynn: Yep. So you can screenshot if you just need a maybe a small section of it or there's an option up to the right print. And you can usually, if there's more options, you can just select everything. So with this one, I'll show you what that looks like.
Michelle Lynn: Well, I guess you wouldn't be able to see it. So it's basically just a PDF version of what we've looked at.
Adam Harrison: Yep.
Adam Harrison: Okay, that's fine.
Michelle Lynn: And then we attach that to the form we fill out just so that if they have questions about what information we've provided, they also have that as well.
Adam Harrison: Gotcha.
Michelle Lynn: And then up here at the top, we have the transaction ID with the timestamp in case something gets denied.
Asia Usmani: Does the telehealth shows here that it's covered, does it not on this one specifically.
Michelle Lynn: Sometimes there will be specific, specific areas it'll say, like if it's for hospitals or facilities or in office, some insurance plans will be more specific on where the location of the appointment is taking place.
Asia Usmani: Okay, so if it's. So it's a bit different insurance policies that can pop up, but with some it doesn't. It varies. So then if. Adam, that means if it doesn't show up, do we need to make a call then in that situation? Or we just assume that it must be covered, that it's
Michelle Lynn: so we don't call because like I said, most insurances cover it. Okay. Very rarely do we come across an insurance that will deny a telehealth. We have had some, but those are usually ones that are like an out of network that you know, the provider's not participating in regardless.
Michelle Lynn: Like our Washington company, sometimes we'll get a denial from Kaiser for telehealth services, but it's really not the reason for the denial. It's more because they're not participating meeting. But they'll say, you know, they'll deny it for whatever reason. Whoever picks that reason.
Asia Usmani: Got it. So provider. Point. We just got to make sure the providers are using like HIPAA compliance or their own. Like telehealth. Yes. In order just to know that, yeah, it will be covered mostly.
Michelle Lynn: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Michelle Lynn: Because everybody provides telehealth services. They, you know, they utilize that for. Especially in mental health. The biggest thing is engagement. And so, you know, in order for them to not have as many canceled and no show appointments, they will tell their, their clients and offer them a telehealth visit in place of an in person just so they can get those engagements with them. And that's one of the reasons that a lot of the plans now cover telehealth. Another reason is because of so many people living in rural communities that can't, you know, get to the, you know, like where I live, I live 250 miles from a big city. We. I live in a very rural community. And so if we didn't have, you know, a service here, they offer the telehealth so that we can, you know, still be seen. You know, I make that sound like I live out in the prairie. I don't, but kind of.
Asia Usmani: It has its own benefits.
Michelle Lynn: Yeah, for sure. Okay, let's see here. Do you want me to try and do TIFs and see what that. Okay, so availability has several different plans that you can pull in here. So we're gonna. Next, we're gonna go do an Aetna plan so we can show you what we would look for with this. He's a network, but we'll see. Adam, are we giving you the information you were looking for and hoping for today?
Adam Harrison: Yeah, this is really helpful. Yeah, I'm trying to stop myself from just keeping asking questions and letting you actually kind of go through it. So. Yeah, really helpful.
Michelle Lynn: Okay, so let's see, this one is not really showing much information, So this would be one that we would probably consider calling on because it doesn't provide a whole lot of information. Yep, it does show that it's active down here, but again, there's no date, which you definitely would want to have that.
Asia Usmani: So the date matters. If it says active, it still like matter like when was it active?
Michelle Lynn: So you want to know the date range of the, of it being active in case there's any kind of a billing situation where you would need to back data claim, you know, especially like this time of year, you'll be billing services and you know, no matter how many times you ask a client if they have new insurance, nope, nothing's changed. Nothing's changed. And a lot of times that is the case that, you know, Anthem is famous for. They do not change the policy, but they change the three digit letters and the prefix at the beginning of the card every year. So even though the ID number may remain the same, you know, the client will look at that and be like, nope, nothing's changed. But they don't realize that the, the three digit prefix has changed. And once you start submitting those claims and the system catches up, it will reject those. And so it literally can be months down the road and a client will be like, oh, I do have new insurance.
Asia Usmani: Okay.
Michelle Lynn: So yeah, it just, it's, you want to have that back date and that effective date of the policy so that you would know what you have to do. Another thing that insurance is famous for is retracting claims. Like, they'll find out, which I think should be illegal, but they'll find out two years ago that a client had a different insurance as primary and they never updated their coordination of benefits. So the insurance can come back and take all of that money back. However, you can't bill it. You have to bill it within their timely filing. So, you know, again, having those policies because you'll have providers who will change or not providers, but clients who will change insurance policies very frequently. Good example of that would be college students. Like Nicole said, we have college students that they get a plan every quarter and so depending on how those sessions fall, you need to have those policies. That's another thing is if you, if you're doing this, do not ever remove an insurance policy from a system because you're going to want that information. You want to stack them with those effective dates so that you can go back to bill. Okay. And so just kind of looking at this, it does say right here that the provider that we've, we've used is out of network with this Aetna plan. So although it says in network right here, the provider is out of network.
Adam Harrison: Wow, that is very confusing.
Michelle Lynn: Want to call just to make sure.
Asia Usmani: So the accurate one is out of network right at the top when they mention it.
Michelle Lynn: Yes. And then so, and you see here. So if you would. Would want to call Maritaine Health is actually who manages behavioral health for Aetna.
Asia Usmani: Yeah, yeah.
Adam Harrison: So if you just started with a call, you might call the wrong number and then you might never find this person or this number. Right?
Asia Usmani: Yes, just transfer you right. I make sure I'm like, can you, can I please have the number you're transferring? You know, because I'm not gonna have it for my next one.
Michelle Lynn: Yeah. So. And I didn't look when I was initially scrolling, but I since he is out of network, I went and toggled the out of network benefits. That way we can kind of take a look at that. Let's see here. So here's the mental health benefits. So let's see. So here's one where it gives a little bit more description of the different places that your appointment can take place. So here's an office visit and then teladoc would be for the telehealth. So for either or it's going to be the same benefits.
Asia Usmani: What is the benefit that is showing?
Michelle Lynn: So for right here for the office visit and telehealth, there is no coinsurance, no copay. And then you're going to will refer to above. Let's see. I don't see that there was a deductible. So we would look at the out of pocket. So basically they're going to be responsible for the full fee of the contracted rate. Well, I shouldn't say contract rate because they're not in network. So they're going to be responsible for the full fee. So if it's $150, then they will be responsible for that full 150 because this, this provider is not contracted with them. So they can charge the full amount
Asia Usmani: even though it says zero copay. Zero.
Michelle Lynn: Yes. So because the. And that's where the super bill comes in and also where the balance billing comes in. So they would sit. They would charge the client 150. $50 and then provide a super bill and the client can then come back to their insurance and submit the super bill and get reimbursed for whatever, you know, the insurance might reimburse them 50% of the $150.
Adam Harrison: So one kind of question on that is how to handle the patient versus insurance responsibility when it comes to billing. So Michelle, if I recall, sounds like most of your clients might bill the patient after the visit for their copay as opposed to before. We were visiting with a clinic this week and they have a slightly different model where they do the eligibility check, they figure out the patient responsibility and then the day before or like the morning of the appointment or when the patient comes in, they will collect the $20 copay or the 20% coinsurance or whatever it is. Is that common? Is that like best practice, best practice to do it after, like does it doesn't matter either way. And then I'm curious for cases like this where it's out of network, is there any kind of. It's just a super bill that gets sent to the patient, but the provider or you as the billing company is not actually submitting anything to insurance in that case. So sorry, I threw a few things at you there, but I'm curious, curious to like understand more about that.
Michelle Lynn: Yeah, no, those are all great questions. So I'll start with the. Is it common the way that they're doing it? No, it's not common. And the reason that that is is because typically you want to wait to know if that the, the client's even going to show. Now there are some so commercial insurance clients, you can bill them for a late cancel or a no show and so you wouldn't want to collect their $20 copay and then they don't show up and now you have, you're going to go back and charge them another $80. You would just charge that at once. It's very sloppy billing to split those payments. So I, as a biller, I would say absolutely not. You wait until, you know, because I also have some that will say, okay, we're not going to charge you the late fee if you schedule within this week, you know, because people, you know, the providers know, things come up. But yeah, so no, I would never recommend that. And, and it's typically when you sign a contract with your insurance company, your contract says you will charge the client for the services rendered at the time of service. So charging them the day before is not okay. I mean, in my book that's not okay because you have not rendered them a service, yet charging them. Afterwards you've rendered them a service, they know they're going to receive a charge. That's just my opinion on that and how I would read a contract. So does that answer that question for you? That's very, very odd. The same day. Yes, but I think it should still be like I have a lot of providers that do their own self pay billing and they'll charge as soon as they end a session for the copay.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, yeah. I think it's when they come in, not the day before if I remember correctly. Yeah, but they are definitely calling before and confirming and maybe getting a card on file at the very minimum.
Michelle Lynn: Right? Yeah, Yep.
Michelle Lynn: And now that, that makes sense.
Adam Harrison: Completely.
Michelle Lynn: Yeah. But yeah, not, you know, and not charging the day before. I think that's, that's crazy.
Michelle Lynn: But to each their own, I guess.
Adam Harrison: Yeah. I'm wondering if I'm misremembering because I think maybe they just are confirming and collecting credit card. But billing like charging actually when the visit happens.
Adam Harrison: Maybe that's actually what's happening. Yeah.
Michelle Lynn: And I could see that, you know, the same day or the day of like when they check in for the appointment, you know, I mean anytime you go to a doctor's office, you know, they usually, you go to the check in desk, you do coat a, you know, so I could see that. But yeah, not the day before. So either way, you know, I guess it's however, however their contract reads too. I mean, you know, insurance can be surprising honestly. So you know, you have to dig into the contracts to see what's required. Okay, so to your other question. I don't remember what it was now.
Adam Harrison: Oh, it's, it's for, you know, if it's a out of network patient. Oh yeah. Does the provider or the billing company submit anything to insurance or they just bill the patient and then they can get a super bill later if they so choose.
Michelle Lynn: So you can do it two ways. I highly recommend. So you can't give a super bill to, to a client unless they've paid for the service because the super bill literally tells that it's been paid and that's the only way insurance is going to reimburse. And that's what I recommend. Just because you don't, you know, then at that point it's kind of up to the client to fight with their insurance about the reimbursement. And you don't, you're out of the picture of that. You can submit for a client and have the reimbursement go back to the client. However you know, you get into some sticky situations because then you submit it, and if it gets denied, then the client comes back, wants you to. To fight that. And if, you know, if you're not in network, you don't really have a lot of legs. Leg to stand on, to fight that. So I always say. Don't submit for them if they're, if you don't have a contract with the insurance company, submit a super bill.
Adam Harrison: Okay, got it. Makes a lot of sense. I know we're at time. What's, does, does anyone have like another 15, 20 minutes to wrap things up or you have to jump now?
Adam Harrison: No, we can, we can go. Maybe. I'd love to step back a little bit and kind of ask a few like higher level questions. So you did send me kind of a list of the different portals you use, depending on the payer. So if, for example, I'm curious, you wanted to just say like, hey, we're just going to use availability for everything, you would be very limited, I'm guessing because United or, or Optum is just not gonna populate the information here. Is that correct? Or like what is. Like, you just won't get anything back.
Michelle Lynn: If you search for United in here, it actually gives you, in every portal, it gives you a list of the payers you can pull in the portal.
Michelle Lynn: Okay, so like in Provider Express, Provider Express really is just United and Optum, you know, and so with Provider Express, it's typically, it's just Optum because United, which is the medical side of it, has its own portal. Optum is for behavioral health and then it's got some Medicaid. Like Colorado has two Medicaid that are in the Optum that fall under Optum. But yeah, it's. So it's, it's pretty specific. Each portal, what is allowed. And that's why there's so many, because you used to be able to get Cigna in availability and then they created their own portal and now they have Evernorth. Once they broke off from Cigna, they created their, the Evernorth portal and now they have their own portal to eligibility.
Adam Harrison: So. Got it.
Michelle Lynn: Yeah. So it's, it could, it's specific kind of to the portal.
Asia Usmani: Okay.
Adam Harrison: And second question is, of the portal checks you do, like, let's say you do 100 portal checks, how often do you need to make a call? I know it's going to depend on just the insurers, but just rough on average, is it 5% of the time, 50% of the time, somewhere in between. Like, what is the rough breakdown in your experience?
Michelle Lynn: So I would say probably 5% of the time we would have to make a call. Unless the portal is just being stupid.
Michelle Lynn: For instance, we can pull Regents Insurance most of the time in availability. However, It had a glitch, what, two or three weeks ago, a month ago.
Adam Harrison: And you couldn't call a single
Michelle Lynn: plan for almost a month in there. Oh, wow.
Adam Harrison: Yeah.
Michelle Lynn: Yes. And so we had to call every single plan.
Adam Harrison: Okay.
Michelle Lynn: You know, so that month it was probably like 85 of the time. So, yeah, it just kind of depends on the portal and sometimes the plan, because again, you can go to the portal and you can pull it and it might say that they're active, but there's something that just means. Yeah, it just doesn't feel right. And so then you call and that's when you might find out that, oh, yes, they're active, but now you're asking for mental health benefits. Oh, you need to call Optum for that information. So I feel like it's also, you have to look at the time of year because with January, that's most insurance starts over. So that's when a lot of the time the portal isn't going to show the most accurate information because they don't have it in there in the system to pull that information just yet. So that's what I have found too. That it at the beginning of the year, I would say it takes a couple of weeks for some plans to show the correct information. And the other thing, just so you guys are aware too, is when you call, like say you call a Blue Cross and you're asking them, just out of curiosity, ask them, where would I find that in the portal? And they'll tell you because they use the exact same portal that we use. They actually are looking in availability when they're pulling the benefits. And sometimes it's just a matter of you didn't click on the right thing and they'll walk you through how to find it. But they use the same portals that we use.
Asia Usmani: Oh, wow.
Adam Harrison: Yeah.
Adam Harrison: Is that true of all of them?
Michelle Lynn: Most of them, yes.
Adam Harrison: Or most of them.
Asia Usmani: Okay, then how come if for some of it, like we need to call and make sure they would be able to find it? Oh, they would know where to click.
Michelle Lynn: And sometimes it's a matter of where they click. Sometimes it's a matter of whether you, like if you can't find it yourself on the portal, sometimes you'll call and you can, you can literally, and I'm sure if you've made phone calls that you have probably heard this, you can get five different answers from five different representatives. It depends on how thorough they want to be with their, with what they're looking for. So you literally can get an answer from five different people.
Asia Usmani: Yeah, I noticed that with Aetna, like one member, one of the life representative gave me for five members. He said, I can do up to five, and the other one said, up to three. Yeah. I was like, how are they giving me? Me like wrong and one other time I was able to go through like six or seven. He was just being like nice and like isn't that recording? And if it's a like limited numbers how they can lie openly because it's recording or they don't listen to all the calls and
Michelle Lynn: well, you know, honestly I don't know what the reason is behind it. I think the protocol for the most part is three because and especially like when you're doing a claims follow up that can get very long and detailed. So I think that that's part of why they put the, the limitations on that. But I do think it depends upon the person, you know the time of day because sometimes we'll call late in the afternoon and if it's getting close to closing time they'll be like yeah, we can only do one today. So insurance is a very. It just floors me as long as it's been around that it is as disorganized as it is and we always get reference numbers and the rep's name because one will say something and then you'll get like a denial or the deductible isn't what you got when you pulled the eligibility. So then they'll be like oh well did you ever call. Yeah, I have this reference number and this is exactly what they told me. And even then they might say well they told you that wrong. So then they give you information, you get that reference number. Like we send in appeals and we fight some of this stuff and we'll have six and seven reference numbers before it ever gets fixed. It's just the name of our game.
Adam Harrison: So go ahead Asia.
Asia Usmani: One question. Mostly all the plans are most of them are in availability but then there are other portals that the plants are that are not participating with ability. Are there?
Michelle Lynn: Yeah. So it's, it's actually going to depend. So like availity has Aetna Blue Cross Blue Shields like Caron is a form of it's it. It used to be Medicaid only and now it then it took on all of the like Colorado anthem plans. CCHA Behavioral Health is a Colorado Medicaid. So it just depends on really kind of your locations up here we have several different locations for where we do billing for so like New Hampshire if I click on this and go to their payer spaces see they have am better in here banner Aetna. So it depends upon the state and what fault, what who's to going. Contracted really with Availity, because Availity is essentially a clearinghouse.
Asia Usmani: Okay. If so mostly you guys would know that if it's this plan, it will be. We can find an availability. But if we. If you know that, okay, this is not an availability in this new plan, then do. Do you guys go through all those different portals to see which one is?
Michelle Lynn: Typically those ones we would call and then we would ask them if there is a portal and then we will register for the portal so that, you know. But yeah, there's not always a good way to tell that. And Aetna Willity will add so many sometimes and you don't get notified of that. So really, if you don't know where that plan is, Billing, or know that it's in availability, I would call the first time and then make note of it.
Asia Usmani: Got it. Okay, Adam, I'm done. You can ask.
Adam Harrison: Okay, thank you. Now, all good questions. Asia. I will try to keep this brief, but yeah, a few more kind of final questions because we're kind of trying to decide what direction we're going to go here. So just. I'm curious again of like, so you follow this approach. It's pretty rigorous. You're rigorously, you know, that we went through. Now we fill out like a similar kind of spreadsheet. Of course, there's always going to be some weird insurance thing where, like, not every claim is going to be accepted, right? So assuming you're, like, pretty good at doing your claims and you're pretty clean about, you know, submitting everything, right. With like, the right, you know, modifiers and like, assuming the claims are clean, how many out of, like 100 appointments where you do this kind of an eligibility check, would you say, like, there's a denied claim just because of, like, something outside of our control happened with insurance where it's like, hey, it all looks good in a validity. We didn't make a call, but there's some weird kind of nuanced insurance thing that, like, we just had no way of knowing about. Like, how many denials do you think would happen as a result of, like, following this process? Because I'm assuming you're always going to have some, right?
Michelle Lynn: I don't.
Adam Harrison: I'm curious if that's like 1 or like less than 1 or like 10 or somewhere in the middle.
Michelle Lynn: So I would say maybe out of. I would say out of a hundred, maybe 3%. Because if you have your system set up right, and you're. And you're billing, you're going to always have a cred. Crazy thing that's going to happen. For example, let me just say, like, you can go onto the portal and you might pull an eligibility, you may even call. And they, Everybody says everything's good, everything's active, you're good to go. And the insurance denies the claim.
Michelle Lynn: And it could be because if they purchased the claim through the ex or the plan through the exchange and they didn't pay their premium, one of the worst things that ever happened with that is that they were. They're allowed to go three months without paying the premium before they're cut off. But then the, the provider doesn't get paid during that time. And so it might show active because they're waiting for them to pay it. But then on the back end in the billing, we'll get something that will say that they're waiting for the, you know, that the client hasn't paid their premium. So, you know, I mean, there's going to always be something. You can't stop every single thing from a denial. It could be that maybe I have a company right now that the providers go in and change my modifier on the appointment every single time. And so when I go through every claim, I switch it and then I switch it so that it goes, you know, like all future claims go at this modifier, but sometimes those will squeak through. You know, there's gonna be things that happen.
Adam Harrison: Yeah. Okay. But this seems to catch like 99 of issues, and it seems like you don't really have to call that often. That's kind of what I'm taking away.
Michelle Lynn: Yeah, we don't, you know, we, we know there's some that we're gonna have to call on, but for the most part, we use the portals for everything.
Adam Harrison: Okay, I want to share a couple of quick things that like, we've been doing and kind of get your thoughts and then. Yeah, I think we can wrap up after that.
Adam Harrison: So I'm gonna. I don't know if you can see my screen.
Michelle Lynn: Yep.
Adam Harrison: So we did kind of a pilot for eligibility checks with this one customer. And I just kind of want to recap. I just quickly created this sort of, like, example here of like, kind of. This is basically following your, your kind of template for eligibility. And what I'm sort of taking away is like, you start with the portal, you need to at least get like all these things in the portal. Right. Like, if any of these are missing, you absolutely need to call.
Michelle Lynn: Correct.
Adam Harrison: But then for these things, if it's absent, then it sounds like you don't really need to call because it's going to be a pretty weird edge case if one of these causes a conversation. Problem. So for example, you know, like if prior auth. If it's just empty in availability 95% of the time, it's probably like there's nothing required. Right. And you don't need to call CPT code checks, you know. Yes, ideally we would know that like a 99214 is covered if you're a psychiatrist and that's the code you're billing. But probably if you just check mental health and it says covered, like, yes, that's going to be included. You could always call and.
Michelle Lynn: Yeah, sorry, I was just going to say one of the things that I think you have to think about with the mental health piece is there like for the nurse practitioners, what's going to require an authorization for nurse practitioners is the medication. Not necessarily the med appointment, but the medication is going to require the authorization. Right?
Adam Harrison: Yeah. Refer, like PCP referrals, there's certain plans where this will be kind of required. But it sounds like that doesn't really come up too often as an issue. Like normally the patient kind of knows they have to do that in advance. Maybe I'm like, yeah, unless it comes back explicitly.
Adam Harrison: Sorry, go ahead.
Michelle Lynn: Yeah. Oh, no, you're okay. Most of the time they start with their PCP to get the referral anyways. You know, if you're, if, if that's the case, they've already been to their pcp. The PCP refers them out and that's done on the, the PCP side of it. And the appointment is made with behavioral health and there's nothing more that needs to be done. The PCP usually files that referral.
Adam Harrison: Got it.
Michelle Lynn: Yeah. And I think maybe if you have like, if they had a catastrophic plan, but most like PPO plans, you, they don't require a referral.
Adam Harrison: Okay, is it what is normally where there's a referral, is it like an HMO or if it's like medics care Medicaid. Is that when you need to be aware of that,
Michelle Lynn: it's usually an HMO just because HMOs are pain in the rear EPOs as well, because they can be kind of picky.
Adam Harrison: Gotcha. Okay, so moving down here. So visit limits. It did sound like, like I've never seen this in at least the portal text that I've been doing. Maybe I'm missing it, maybe you tell me otherwise. But we did have a clinic, this clinic we visited that said like, oh, we actually went over the limit and then we didn't get paid and that was like an issue for us.
Adam Harrison: But again, like you can't call everyone. So I'm sort of wondering. Wondering if this is just sort of like, yes, it might happen on the margin, but unless it's. There's something in the plan, like. Or if it's maybe like a certain type of plan that might raise more alarm bells than another plan.
Michelle Lynn: But yeah, the plans that we deal with that would ever have a limit are Medicaid plans.
Asia Usmani: Okay, it was Medicaid, and it was one other plan. They had like, 20 visit limits for the whole year or 10 or 20. Other than that. All different insurance plans that I come across. They all, like 95 Adam. They said, like, no limits based on necessity. Right. But then I did come across Medicaid and some other plan. I think it's there in the.
Adam Harrison: That they had 20 visit limits.
Asia Usmani: Oh, yeah, 10 visit limits. Like.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, yeah, that was Blue Cross, blue shields.
Adam Harrison: I'm not sure what the plan was on that. Yeah.
Michelle Lynn: And so probably what would happen with that? That's when you would reach out then for an authorization and that they probably require another diagnosis to find out, you know, or to prove medical necessity to continue.
Asia Usmani: It was federal employee. And then for federal employees, they always have, like, different departments that they send you to and different policies. It's completely different department.
Michelle Lynn: Yep.
Adam Harrison: Yeah. Okay. But this is already super helpful. One other thing I wanted to. So we're kind of like. We did a few kind of pilots and sort of experimented with giving them something that looks kind of like this. Of like a red, yellow, green for eligibility based on, like, you know, we had some criteria around it where green is like, it all looks good. Right. It's like, okay, there's a copay that's $20. And, you know, we don't think there's any weird stuff with this plan. Yellow is like, okay, there might be something weird going on. Maybe there's a visit limit or referral requirement, a prior auth thing. Maybe there's like, it needs to be in person. Maybe it's a really high deductible plan. So the first, like, five, $10,000 are going to be all the patient responsibilities. So that's something that. Just for the, you know, clinic to be aware of. And then the red is more like, yeah, there's a clear issue, it's out of network, the plan is inactive. Or we think that this visit just won't be covered for whatever reason. Is this a helpful way to look at it or share results with clinicians, or is this. Like actually just maybe over complicating it or something because we're kind of trying to figure out like, what the right way to kind of package the stuff up is and share it.
Michelle Lynn: So to be honest, when I look at this, I think that this is a great way because most providers do understand, you know, insurance policies anyways. So this is very clear. You know, I mean, they could literally just like, look at this and be like, okay, this is green. We can, we can see this client. You know, but your descriptions of what the situation is. You know, I would. The only thing that I would recommend in the guidance on the yellow and the red would be something about, you know, letting the client know that they need to contact their plan because, you know, you could, you might get something back and it might be a coordination of benefit issue where there, there are so many, like, I don't know. Have you guys encountered the birthday rule? No. Okay. So the birthday rule is if you have husband, wife, both have a plan, it doesn't matter if husband has had the plan for 10 years and wife just got the plan. What matters is whose birthday is first. So for instance, with my husband and I, if he planned for 10 years and I just got my plan this year, my plan is primary because my birthday is in January. And then that is, that will be the case a lot of times with children when the families are divorced. So, yeah, like there's. It's always important for the client to know their own policy because even though you may call and get this information, the portal isn't always up to date 100%.
Adam Harrison: Yeah.
Michelle Lynn: You know, so I do think that, like giving that recommendation that would come back to them and say, you know, contact your client for, you know, further information.
Adam Harrison: Okay.
Michelle Lynn: Would be great because sometimes you know that a provider is going to come back and go, so what am I supposed to do? This, you know, and that, you know, they're going to either expect you as the biller to figure out what needs to be done or, you know, for. If, if they allow you to contact their client, that's going to be on you.
Michelle Lynn: But sometimes have providers that don't want you to contact their client. So they need to know that direction of what they need to do before they continue to see the client over and over again. And. And then, you know, they can't bill for it.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, makes sense. And then for your clients, you're actually telling them and you're actually also billing the co Pay. Right.
Michelle Lynn: Yep.
Adam Harrison: Okay. Yep, Got it. So one, I do want to share one last thing and then we'll. I'll keep it to less than five minutes, I promise.
Michelle Lynn: But you're fine.
Adam Harrison: Is. So we're trying to use more of a, like a generic clearinghouse to do some of this with like, code and an API as opposed to actually logging into availability. The one thing I'm just a little unsure about is like, is it going to give us all the information that we need to actually, like, do a proper eligibility check that like you both would do in availability? And so I can share a few of the, like, sample outputs.
Michelle Lynn: Yeah.
Adam Harrison: But I am curious your, like, general perspective on that because as I
Michelle Lynn: had told you, we kind of went with that a Nova lawn, which I finally got canceled, thank goodness.
Adam Harrison: Right.
Michelle Lynn: But you know, they did. They weren't able. They all the promises, they couldn't produce anything when. When we were using them. If we got a denial, the very first thing that the insurance company would ask us is, did you look at availity? Did you look at Provider Express? So, I mean, I'm. I would love to see what you have and. But I would definitely say that I would do a comparison because that's how we figured out that Inovalon was just not working for us. Was like, we were fascinated with what it would give us. And then we would get a denial and we're like, what is going on here? And we would compare it to availability and the information was completely different.
Adam Harrison: Okay. Yeah. Let me share just a few examples and I'm curious, like, to get. Because I think this is. I think what I'm. Yeah. What I'm guessing is missing some important information. But. So, for example, here's like, you know, a Cigna Open Access Plus. Right. It's a pretty. Where is it? Is it Open Access Plus? I think it is. Yeah. Yeah. Open Access Plus. So, you know, this is like a more common plan. Things that I, you know, so there's sort of this general benefit coverage of this STC 30. I don't know if you can see if I should make it bigger or smaller.
Michelle Lynn: Maybe a little bigger.
Adam Harrison: A little bigger.
Michelle Lynn: Yeah. There we go. I'm blind.
Adam Harrison: Sorry. Yeah, it's very, like, not a good looks, very ugly. But yeah, this is kind of the. General, like, coinsurance deductible information for in and out of network. And there's some, like, notes in here as well. And then if you search for mental health, there's this, which basically usually just says, like, active.
Michelle Lynn: Right.
Adam Harrison: But what seems to be missing here is, like, is this in or out of network for this provider? I don't really see that clearly indicated. Maybe I should assume it's in network. I'm not sure. Or also, I'm not able to really all the time determine the patient responsibility because I don't know if they've met their deductible or not. It just shows, like, the total. But. Yeah. Is this kind of like what your experience was like with that? I forget the name a Novalon or whatever they were called. Like, I'm assuming this is much less rich than what you're getting from availability for cigna, or I forget which one you use for Cigna, if it's availability or something else. But. Yeah. Am I missing something here or is this, like, missing a lot of key stuff?
Michelle Lynn: Yeah, it's very, very gen, or. I mean, very basic. I mean, it's just giving you. Across the board.
Michelle Lynn: The thing that I would. So you said that was this pulled. This is what you guys pulled. Not. You didn't pull this from Evernote.
Adam Harrison: This is from. It's called seti. It's this, like, clearing house that is, you know, like, kind of more of something we could, like, productize and plug our job site API into. So it's more of a just general clearinghouse across all pairs.
Michelle Lynn: Yeah. So this is kind of. I mean, this looks similar to the information. And we. And we were like, oh, this is golden. Look at this. Like, they have in network benefits, they have out of network benefits is. You know, that's where we were finding a lot of the. The denials coming through was because, you know, it didn't tell us. Even though we were utilizing, when we would log in, we were putting in an NPI for the provider. I think it was more or less looking to, like, see, does the provider have an npi? Because we didn't put in any information in regards to the list, which is a huge thing the insurance companies will deny if the location is not credentialed. So that was a big thing with the Novalon that was causing us problems, too, is we thought they were giving us good information and it wasn't.
Adam Harrison: Got it. But even. Even here, like, I'm seeing, this is active coverage. Okay. Signature fit. Okay. Okay, that's great. But then I look at kind of the general benefits here, and I'm not seeing like if they've met their deductible or not.
Adam Harrison: So I don't know, like how much to bill. So right there it's not. Maybe this is it. Yeah. Calendar year and remaining. So they do have it.
Michelle Lynn: So just the time period that doesn't say how that. Oh, that one says remaining.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, yeah. So this, they've used some of it, but then I think I go to others. Maybe I'll get out of Cigna and sometimes, you know, let's look at this one. Okay. Active. This looks like out of network. So maybe it's a bad example. Okay. This does have calendar and remaining. So I don't know, maybe this will work in some cases. But I'm just, I guess concerned it might be missing some key things that might be in the portals because I know you. Yeah, you just, you mentioned you ran into that issue.
Michelle Lynn: So.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, that was like my concern.
Michelle Lynn: Well, and one of the other things that really one of the biggest problems, problems that we had with Inovalon was it was just pulling. It would list in there that you could select mental health benefits and it would pull the benefits, but it wasn't specific to mental health. Like, you could click on it and we would, we would show them, we would meet with them and show them comparisons and say, like we're clicking mental health in your system for it to pull those benefits for, for us. And it's giving us all of this information. However, when we go to availability, it's completely different.
Michelle Lynn: And you know, so I, I guess, you know, the thing about insurance too, there, there's things everybody has to remember and that's that, you know, the benefits can be completely different in terms of, you know, I could call today at 9 o' clock in the morning and depending on how quickly they update their system, you know, a claim could have come through and processed and, you know, maybe they had surgery and my team member calls back at three o'clock in the afternoon. If they updated their system, they could then not have a benefit or, you know, have met their deductible at 3 o' clock because that claim came true. So. So again, it's a moving target all the time. But it's nice when you can get at least some things that correspond. And that is not what we were getting with the Inovalon and availity. So that's why I said. Say I would do some good comparisons.
Michelle Lynn: Yeah, it's a good idea to see, like, how good your data is from your clearinghouse versus what you pull, because that's what they're going to ask you if you were to fight that or, you know, send an appeal. And they're going to say, well, where did you pull this information from? Yeah, availability. Because availability is our source of truth.
Adam Harrison: Yep. Okay. All right. That's really super helpful. I don't. I've already gotten way over time, so I'm gonna stop myself here. Michelle, would I be able to grab. We can go over email or find a time now, but could we find some additional time just to talk a little bit about, like, billing and all that, which, like, kind of separate from eligibility to just. Yeah, to just kind of help us get ramped up on that a little more too, because that is obviously the next step after, you know, once you've done eligibility, then you're ready to start doing claims and appeals and all that good stuff.
Michelle Lynn: So.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, I can just send you an email.
Michelle Lynn: Okay, yeah, send me an email with some times and we'll get. We'll get something done.
Adam Harrison: Awesome. All right, well, thank you all. Thanks. Sassya, too.
Asia Usmani: Thank you.
Adam Harrison: Great to meet you.
Michelle Lynn: Take care.
Asia Usmani: Bye.