Nathan Peereboom: I am good. It's been busy, busy, but, you know, that's kind of par for the course, so it's. It's good stuff. How have you been? What's. What's going on in your world?
Rebecca Andrews: Well, I turned a year older.
Nathan Peereboom: Oh, congrats. Happy birthday.
Rebecca Andrews: Thanks.
Nathan Peereboom: That's awesome.
Rebecca Andrews: Yeah, it is pretty awesome to be alive another year.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah.
Rebecca Andrews: My son from California and his wife came and spent some time with me, and my sister came, and so it was. It was kind of sweet. It was definitely nice. I enjoyed it.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah.
Rebecca Andrews: I see a lot going on with the business, though. I mean, I'm. I get on slack, and every once in a while, I just read through the messages and y' all got a lot going on.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, we're. We're doing a lot right now. I. I want. I. I think you probably saw. But we're actually moving to New York, so that's a big change for us.
Rebecca Andrews: Yeah, yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: And. But, yeah, you know, it's exciting stuff. We just launched E Prescription, which I think people are really excited about, and, you know, and people are starting to pay for our JOT audit system. So we feel just incredibly, incredibly grateful for. For everything that's cooking at the moment.
Rebecca Andrews: That is really good. Well, I know we're here to talk today about cbm, but something that I'm looking at doing is, and I'm just doing some research to kind of see what the possibilities are, is changing the billing system that we use. What. So, you know, if for whatever reason, my plan B or whatever it. For CBM to continue, if you guys. If this purchase thing wouldn't work out.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah.
Rebecca Andrews: I want to change my billing platform and what I want to be able to do, since my focus is primarily mental health providers, I want to be able to offer them when I bring. When they contact me, for whatever reason. I tend to get providers that are fairly new, that are just starting up, and they are in the process of looking for an ehr. And what I also find is that a lot of providers, to give them a level of comfort, they want billing and everything done in their system, which is fine.
Nathan Peereboom: Right.
Rebecca Andrews: But when it comes to running a billing company, you've got to, in order to keep your processes efficient. It really is going to be best if all of your clients are on the same system. Totally easier for your staff because then you can cross train everybody on one system. Right. So anyway, I'm interested in finding out, you know, I don't know where you guys are with the sales process, but I would be interested in finding out what the cost would be and for me to purchase the system and you know, kind of treat me like a client that's showing up on your doorstep. That's interesting platform and an ehr because I want to be able to offer the whole thing to the provider. Yeah, totally. All my people over to one ehr, which is going to be hard because most of my, most of my therapists are pretty married to the systems that they have. But.
Nathan Peereboom: Right.
Rebecca Andrews: We've with, I mean to give you full disclosure, Nate, with AI coming getting involved with medical billing.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah.
Rebecca Andrews: We all medical billing companies have got to be able to run their companies with efficiently and produce the results that the providers are looking for. They're going to have to really trim down on their processes and every, all of the clients being on one on the same EHR is definitely one of those ways that they can work with fewer people. Would not need as much staff. Right. And still be able to take on quite a few clients just because of the ease of using the system.
Nathan Peereboom: Totally. Well, let me, let me ask you this, Rebecca. You know, last time we talked, you know, I got a pretty good high level picture of your business today. You know, we wanted to do a deeper dive into the financials and you know, I just wanted to reiterate, this is just between us. Nothing goes outside of this conversation. Yeah, but would you rather us pivot to like talk about using Jotsack as an ehr? Is that like more helpful to you?
Rebecca Andrews: Well, actually I think it would be more helpful to you and here's why I think it's a win win for both of us because I gotta share my heart and I don't want to waste your time.
Rebecca Andrews: I think take, I think purchasing my business would be a great ad for you guys, especially if I went with the business. Just because 20 years of experience when it comes to claims, I think that. That would be valuable to you guys.
Nathan Peereboom: Absolutely.
Rebecca Andrews: So I would be trying again, full disclosure, because, you know, as far as I'm concerned with where I'm going, it's time to lay all my cards on the table. I would be looking for an opportunity to grow with your company. Not necessarily in an employee perspective, but in some sort of, I don't know, I use the word partnership very loosely, but I would want to stay with the company, at least for a little while.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, that totally makes sense. Okay, well, you know, we, you know, the whole acquisition strategy is based on retaining the talent, the network, the insight and the experience of the founders, of which you are, you know, obviously one. So, so that, that's kind of par for the course for us. We, we weren't really considering a situation in which that wouldn't be true. So, so that, I mean, I hope that that makes sense.
Rebecca Andrews: It does. It does make sense. And then I've got to ask you this question. Would you be interested in considering a model where I maintain ownership and control of cbm, but we become your back end billing partner? Is that a consideration?
Nathan Peereboom: Probably, to be totally honest, probably not. Because we, that's the exact thing we want to own. You know, we believe that our AI system is going to be, you know, really differentiated as a billing tool and as like a billing automation. And so we want to own the entire billing cycle. So that, that probably wouldn't work for us. But, but the tran. But it's a transition period. You know, we're moving, we're trying to learn as much as we can about how the manual billing process works, how people are currently doing billing. And then we're trying to essentially, you know, figure out the best way to build around that and you know, and scale the team. So it's pretty important to us that we have like management control over the people doing the billing. That is, that's, that's like sort of critical to our theory of victory here. But, but, you know, I think that there are a lot of different ways for us to work together, Rebecca. And you know, and if, if what you're saying is like, hey, I actually am not ready to do, to, to kind of like let go of the reins in that particular fashion, that's totally fine. You know, we're going to be around for a while. Our relationship is going to continue for hopefully years and years and years. Yeah. And, and we don't, you know, we don't ever try and convince someone to do something that they don't want to do. So if your feeling is like, hey, Nate, now's just not the right time, let's just talk about some kind of like, you know, arrangement where, like, you're providing the software, but like, I'm still running my business that works for us. Like, that's a pretty great situation, actually.
Rebecca Andrews: Okay, then I would say let's pivot to that. And I want to, again, I want to give you full disclosure, Nate. That's just who I am. And I want a long term relationship with you guys. I love what you're doing. I hate that AI is replacing humans, but that's the truth. That's the way that, that's the way of the world. I can't change it. So I may as well. Like those saying goes, if you can't beat them, you may as well join them. Well, I'm gonna join them, but, you know, but for me, just the person I am, if I'm going to join them, then it's got to, I got to join in a, in a, in a position of excellence. So, Michael would be to get to know your product almost better than you know it and to be able to come to you and say, hey, do you know your product can do this, this and this, or, you know, so I really would like a long term relationship. I don't think right now as much as I want to, Nate, I want to. I'm. I turned 63 years old. CBM turned 26 years old January 22nd. While I love what I do, man, the, the, the sight of seeing retirement is it, man. It's looking pretty good to me.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah.
Rebecca Andrews: Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: Rebecca, when. When would you ideally want to retire? Do you have a timeline that you work backwards from?
Rebecca Andrews: Yeah. So ideally I've got the number 70 in my mind. 70 I would go from. My, my family have got great genes and we all live a real long time. My dad died at 93 and, and at 92, he was still going to the gym and lifting weights. So we, we just have good, strong constitution as a gene. And if nothing happens to me, I feel like I'm on that track. So I've got 70 in mind for I don't want to work full time anymore. But I think until I am probably 80 years old, I'm gonna probably still work part time. That's what I've got in my mind. 70, I'm gonna say goodbye to full time work and you know, between 70 and 80, if you. My health is still good and I would still want to engage in some sort of part time work. I love this industry and I can't imagine not being a part of it. So I'm looking for a long term relationship and then my kids. C stands for Chris, that's my oldest son.
Rebecca Andrews: B stands for Brittany, that's my daughter that runs the call center and she handles all of our finances for the business. And M stands for Marcus, he goes by Mark and he's my sales director and he's currently working for the business. So you know, they would probably be looking in some sort of format to maybe take over the business as I step down. But we still need a partnership with a trusted EHR and billing component that we can work with. And I think the best scenario for us, and I don't know if this could work, but laying all the cards on the table would be we can refer clients to you guys by any client that shows up on our doorstep. You know, we encourage them, we sell them on going with jot psych or jot Bill. I'm not sure what the total name will be, but yeah, and, and what we would be looking for is vice versa. That's the thing that kind of not scares me, but concerns me a little. Just based on what you've said, it sounds like there may not be that possibility for you guys to refer clients to us.
Nathan Peereboom: Well, the thing, I mean I, you know this Rebecca, I mean we have contracted you expressly for the purpose of like building this as an in house capability, you know, and that, that is, you know, that's, that's probably going to remain true. But yeah, I guess that's, it's interesting. So in your ideal though, it would just be a two way referral relationship and job site would just be the software that you referred your clients into and, and then the actual billing contract would be with cbm. Is that right?
Rebecca Andrews: That's right. So we would use your software in whatever capacity we could. The fact that you guys have got all the big areas. Your, you've got the note, you got the EHR or you got the medical record, you've got the, this prescribing element, you've got, you know, now you're building up on the billing platform, that's amazing. And. I. I mean, it would thrill me to work with a agency, a company that not only I had a part in being on the advisory board, as I call myself, but to also use the product and feel like I got a direct line to, hey, this component is not working right? Or this is the way it should work and it's not doing that, or can we tweak it to work this way? Or this is something you might want to. You know, I would love to be able to have that kind of relationship with an ehr.
Nathan Peereboom: Right.
Rebecca Andrews: But I don't. I mean, the money is great, Nate, but I'm gonna be honest. We need clients more than we need money. Right. More than I personally need the money. The. The footprint that we're trying to move forward with is it we've got set up for ourselves. It's pretty large. And I need a good, hearty EHR that I know I can depend on. It's easy to work. It's easy for the provider to work. It's going to do what we needed to do, it's going to give us those robust reports, and I'm. And affordability is also going to be a component because all in all, psych providers are the lower kind of bottom feeders when it comes to how they get paid. When you compare their pay scale, you know, versus a cardiologist, it's not even to be compared. So, you know, these are not people that can afford to pay, you know, five, six hundred dollars for a. A month for, you know, for an ehr.
Nathan Peereboom: Right.
Rebecca Andrews: But yet it is what it is, and as they grow. So I'm sure you got your pricing worked out, but I. I just like the idea that I could get a part. I love building things, and so I like the idea of working with you guys and helping you to build a great product. My only ask would be, you know, what are the possibilities of us getting clients? Because that's one of the things we're really focused on. And that's one of the reasons why I wouldn't sell right now, because I don't feel like I've got enough client base to. I've got good clients that are doing well, but I don't feel like it's enough money that you could offer me, given this client base that would hit the mark, that would make me say, okay, yeah, selling this a really good idea. I don't think I'm there.
Nathan Peereboom: Great.
Rebecca Andrews: I want to get there. And then I want to come back to the table and say, hey, Nate, are you interested in buying another medical billing company?
Nathan Peereboom: All right, perfect. Well, that's great. Rebecca. Do you, do you use jots? Like right now? I always forget. Are you like, are you on the platform? Do you play with it?
Rebecca Andrews: No, I don't.
Nathan Peereboom: Gotcha.
Rebecca Andrews: I'd love to, but I don't.
Nathan Peereboom: Well, that would be my first recommendation. Because you've seen. I mean, here, I'll. I'll just share my screen right now. I mean, you kind of, you know, you know it fairly well. I mean, it's actually really simple software at some level. You know, the core promise of job psych is that, you know, you go in, you make your recordings, you, you know, you're able to see your notes. When you do see your notes, they come with an audit that tells you exactly what to bill. And you can fix the notes by, you know, making adjustments with this little AI pen. And then when it comes to, you know, you can bill patients through here, you can, you know, do e prescription, you can send lab orders and critically, billing companies can monitor the clinicians they bill for. They can modify the rules that they use to scrub every note and they can follow claims. So, you know, if this is something that, I mean, it's, it's just so easy to self serve, I would just encourage you to like, you know, jump in, get an account, have a, you know, a client of yours, do a pilot program. We have amazing pilot programs for, you know, someone can try it for a month and just get rolling. You know, we're happy to go visit any clients that, you know, you'd like us to just implement the software for. But that's the best way, like, the best way is really just to jump in and give it a try. Because all the theory in the world doesn't matter if you feel like, oh, I get in the software and then it doesn't really work for me.
Rebecca Andrews: Correct.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah.
Rebecca Andrews: Client I've got the flexibility to do that with. So I'll sign up today.
Nathan Peereboom: Amazing. Great. Yeah, sign up today. And what we'll do is we'll add like a bunch of, you know, I'll add like 90, you know, 90 days of just like free access so you're not getting charged for it or any of that. Okay. And that way you can just play and understand and, and get accustomed to it. And you know, you can, you can also just like be on the, you know, you can ask us questions, you can like give us feedback, all that good stuff. Because to your point, like you want a direct line to the EHR that you recommend or that you use. Well, we also want feedback from people like you. You know, we want to know what's working, what's not, and keep. Yeah, yeah. So all that jazz and.
Rebecca Andrews: And. Nate, I'm going to ask you a question. It. It's kind of off the wall. You can answer it if you feel comfortable. Whatever. Why do you feel like it's best that you guys own the revenue cycle? When two things are industry standard, from what I've noticed. One. Well, only one thing that I've noticed, actually it's not two, but it's one. Most of the billing companies that I'm familiar with, they are most not billing companies. Most of the EHR companies that I'm familiar with, like Simple Practice, theraness, Practice Suite Practice, Fusion, Advanced, MD E Clinical, all of these companies have their billing component of their EHR now. Okay, yeah. But one of the things that I noticed that they do is they have their own, you know, they will tell the client, okay, yes, we can do your billing. They take care of doing all of the contracting and, and pricing and all of that. But they're outsourcing those contracts to back end billing companies. Some of them are offshore, some of them are not. I might be speaking out of turn here, and forgive me if I am, but I think Michelle might have that kind or similar relationship with Simple Practice. I might. Maybe I'm speaking out of turn. I don't know. I thought she said that in a conversation. So why would you be looking to do it differently than some of the companies that's already out there doing it? If you're talking, Nate, you're on mute.
Nathan Peereboom: Whoops. There we go. Yeah. I mean, I think you're right that this is a little industry different. Like, I think it's. It is different and I think it comes from. And maybe this is hubris, just our belief that we can really deliver a better product than any EHR has because we have figured out how to use AI in a really, really special way. But that's like, I mean, that's. It remains to be seen. What we found though, is that a lot of our customers do want to work with us in this particular way. We've found that it's fairly easy to sell. You know, we've already got I guess like four or five customers under msa. So already we, you know, we're starting to have a fairly good little business inside of JOT Psych that does this. And so, so that, I mean, that's, that's the basic reason. The reason is that we believe we can deliver it and that people want it.
Rebecca Andrews: Got it. So what you're doing while these other billing, while these other EHR codes. Companies are simply selling a billing service. You are engaging with an MSA contract with these. Com with the companies you're in.
Nathan Peereboom: Yep, exactly.
Rebecca Andrews: Ah, that gives you more revenue and that gives you a little bit more control over the revenue cycle. I see. Okay. I see. Well, interesting. We are very much aligned because this one company that I told you that I can try jot psych with, I am in MSA contract with them as well.
Nathan Peereboom: Perfect.
Nathan Peereboom: Well, that's great. That sounds ideal.
Rebecca Andrews: Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: Well, I tell you what, Rebecca, this is. This is awesome. I think I appreciate you just being so, like, forthright. You just let us know what you need because, you know, you have access. You. You know where we are. You have, you know, let me know when you start an account and, you know, any way we can support you in like, making your clinicians experience better, we want to do, you know, even if it's just like, hey, Nate, I don't want you guys doing any of our billing. I just want to use jot psych as the ehr. And we're going to do the billing, but, like, we're going to use all the jot audit capabilities to make sure that we're doing it really easily and scalably and have a really high quality. Even that. That's totally fine for us. Like, we're. We're on board with that model. So.
Nathan Peereboom: So just reach out and tell us exactly how we can make it a good experience for you.
Rebecca Andrews: Okay, that sounds great. Now, will I still get to work with Jackson and Adam on the eligibility and the billing component?
Nathan Peereboom: That's a good question. We probably are moving away from that because we were about to roll out the complete automation of those eligibility checks, so we're not using people for that anymore.
Rebecca Andrews: Okay.
Nathan Peereboom: So, you know, we probably can hit pause on like, the, like, like consultant engagement, but that's totally fine because we just like to keep things really straightforward. Like if we have a better relationship as like in a referral, partnership or even customer relationship, that's kind of almost more ideal for us too. So why don't we click pause on the consultancy, given that there's nothing really to be done there anyways, and move forward on a more straightforward basis just as customers and referral relationship.
Rebecca Andrews: Okay, sounds great. I haven't submitted my hours yet, and I know that this call and the previous call is not going to count toward the hours, but I think there's a couple, so I'll be submitting those before the end of the week. I think I still have the link. If I don't I'll just reach out on slack.
Nathan Peereboom: Perfect.
Rebecca Andrews: Can you send me the link? Lovely. And then we'll just go from there. But I appreciate you giving me this opportunity, and we'll just stay in contact and see how it all works out. I'm looking forward to it.
Nathan Peereboom: Me, too. Me, too. All right, beautiful. Well, thanks a million, Rebecca. And it's just I love where this is going. This is really a wonderful evolution of the relationship.
Rebecca Andrews: I do, too. Thank you for offering me the opportunity. I appreciate it. And we'll sign up for a job site account today.
Nathan Peereboom: All right. Love it. Take care.
Rebecca Andrews: Okay. Thanks, Nate. Bye.
Nathan Peereboom: Bye. Bye.