Nathan Peereboom: Everyone should have it.
David Yacoub: Hey, guys, can you hear me?
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Hi, david.
Nathan Peereboom: Hey, Daniel, how are you?
David Yacoub: Sorry about that. I was having trouble finding the link.
Nathan Peereboom: No, it got stuck in the calendar invite, so that was actually a little tech issue on our side.
David Yacoub: Oh, no, no, no. No worries. My bad. I thought I was late or something, so. I appreciate that, but no, I just wanted to tell you guys sorry about the delay in communication. We're just kind of going back and forth with some of the providers and things like that, and I think just as administration wise, we just kind of want to be able to test the product just with fake patients, where we're just kind of acting like patients ourselves and playing it as if it was like a real encounter and just kind of seeing how that kind of works so that we can test it in real practice. Something I was kind of curious about. When it comes to the notes that are created, do we get to kind of edit how those notes are made, or are those kind of preset, just soap notes?
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. So you get complete customization over the notes. And on top of that, David, we're making two custom templates for you. So you guys will send us exactly the kind of note you want us to build, and we'll actually have some engineers go configure it on our side such that it's coming out exactly as you would want it in terms of ordering of the sections, formatting and styling.
David Yacoub: Perfect. That's awesome.
Nathan Peereboom: So I guess what would be helpful. I think that there are two things we could do today. One is I would love to get all of you set up with your own jots, like accounts. That's probably the first step to you doing the kind of testing that you described. David?
David Yacoub: Yes, that'd be great.
Nathan Peereboom: And then the second thing is, let's do a demo together. Let's do a mock encounters, and let's just see the note that comes out of it. How does that sound?
David Yacoub: Sure we could do that.
Nathan Peereboom: All right. Awesome. Well, why don't we do the demo first and then we'll go from there? I'm just wondering, should we ping anyone else? Does anyone else need to be on this meeting? I guess we've got. I think we've got everyone, actually.
David Yacoub: Yeah, I think this is fine. Okay, cool.
Nathan Peereboom: So I'm going to open up jots like. And do a little share. All right. Okay?
Antoine: So, David, just as a reminder, can we get somehow recording of that demo? Or maybe like some sort of pre recorded video for the demo.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. So I'm recording this meeting right now. Is it okay if I just send you the meeting recording after?
Antoine: Yeah, that would be amazing. Thank you.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, you bet. You bet. All righty. So I'm going to click okay, just to start out. As a reminder, jobs like is the most customizable AI scribe out there. When you go to note templates, you can start with your own template, browse, library, upload, whatever you need to do. Let's see. So it's extremely flexible in terms of making notes and adding different sections. But we're going to do this for you for your first two templates. When you go to actually create a recording. I'm going to choose the right microphone, which is this, these headphones I'm wearing. And let's do an intake. If I had a patient tagged to this encounter, I'd put their name up here and all their previous data would flow in from that.
David Yacoub: Before you even do that, can you also kind of walk me through, if you don't mind, maybe even after this, of how the process looks like for even starting an intake for a new patient.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, totally. So let's start actually at the schedule. So let's imagine that I was doing an intake at 4:45. I would select a patient. Let's say I'll just add a new patient. And I'll just say, call this John Smith.
David Yacoub: Sorry, not to interrupt you there, but like, for example, let's say right there, this was actually like, let's say somebody messed up and they didn't find the patient the first time because they misspelled something. Is there sort of like any sort of, like, name duplication or something like that that would. Prevent that from happening.
Nathan Peereboom: No, not. No. I mean, there are so many people that are named similar things that allow you to create a new patient. But we do allow you to merge patients. So if you go to patients and you need to merge patients, we'll show you. Hey, all these Alfred Appleseeds, they seem very similar. Let's merge selected, and then they all get merged into a single patient record. So we do have the ability after the fact to fix what you're describing.
Nathan Peereboom: But at the outset, it's a little simpler than that, I think. Hopefully, I still have John Smith. There he is. All right, so if I'm doing an intake, What I can do is I can attach forms.
Nathan Peereboom: So if I put a phone number in here, I'll put my own. What it will do. All right, you guys are all going to learn my actual birthday. What it'll do is it'll allow me to send any form I want to them before the visit so I can have an intake form. I can schedule it. Let's say I want it one week sent. One week. I can schedule that. And that way every time I schedule an intake, They're being sent all the forms that I need in order to do that intake, and those forms are being attached to their patient profile.
David Yacoub: Perfect.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, so then we go to record. So I've selected Demo Intake. Let's say that I think this is going to be actually. Let's say it's going to be a 99214. All right, let's be ambitious here.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Can I interject for a second, David? Where that would be relevant for you guys is if. You guys are doing any, like, TMS or supervisor visits where they do those scoring metrics, it would be important for you to do the send out those metrics inside of this, if you chose to proceed with the software product so that that scoring and everything could be brought into that clinical mode.
David Yacoub: Got it. I appreciate that.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, perfect.
David Yacoub: When you say you put a 99213 or 992 and four, you're kind of putting that before you start recording or how does that kind of play with the.
Nathan Peereboom: And I'm going to show you the reason why is for the audit feature. So as a reminder, the way that we do audits is based on CPT codes.
Nathan Peereboom: So every time you do an encounter, we're saying, hey, based on the CPT code and based on all the payer documents you have. These are the issues we see with the note. Because God forbid the insurance company wants to come and claw back revenue, we want our notes. To be particularly defensive for that moment. And something that protects you in the case of an audit. That's the entire reason that we created this software. It's all about allowing you guys to just practice clinical care. And for our software with, like, the powers of AI to protect you from clawbacks, from audit risk, from. Claim denials. Okay? And the way that that's driven is by CPT code. Different CPT codes have different payer rules associated with them.
David Yacoub: Okay?
Nathan Peereboom: So I'm just going to go 99214. Let's see. Yeah, Antoine.
Antoine: Sorry. I have two questions here. The first one, are we able to add whatsoever forms we want to add and attach it to the patient profile?
Nathan Peereboom: Yes. You can add as many forms as you want. There's a forms builder. Let me just show it to you.
Antoine: That's fine. I just wanted to know. Okay. Awesome. The second question is, what if the provider put in the wrong CPT code? Okay?
Nathan Peereboom: I'm going to choose a CPT code that's wrong just so we can experience that. So let's do a. I'm going to do a 99212. Do we have anyone clinical on the call? David or Antoine. Are either of you guys clinical?
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Yes.
Nathan Peereboom: Brittany?
David Yacoub: Yes. I'm clinton. You are. Okay, Perfect.
Nathan Peereboom: So, David, I'm going to let you. I'm going to click start recording. And what I want us to do is a five to eight minute encounter. In which I'm the patient.
David Yacoub: Sure.
Nathan Peereboom: And what we're going to do is we're going to record. I'm going to pause it. And then I'm going to ask you to do a dictation as if I weren't there. And then we're going to generate the note and see what happens. Beautiful. All right. David, thank you for seeing me today. I really appreciate it.
David Yacoub: Sure. Thanks for coming in. We really appreciate you coming in today. I read here a little bit that you haven't been feeling too good over the past few months. Can you talk to me a little bit about what's kind of going on there?
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, I can. I think that. I guess. It all started when I got in that tree accident. I think you know that. It was about seven months ago. I'm a logger, so I work up in Northern California, and I do a lot of the logging, the classic logging things. Sometimes I'm the guy on bottom with the chainsaw. Sometimes I actually go and scale up the tree. About seven months ago, I was in this accident where I think we were all just getting a little bit frenzy towards the end of the day. And the branch that I was on broke before. I thought it was going to break, and it fell down and it killed one of my best friends. Luckily I only broke my both my legs and I'm going to be fine and already walking again. But I keep kind of reliving that experience, and it's really affecting me.
David Yacoub: So sorry to hear that. You told me a little bit about how this is affecting you over the past weeks. Can you tell me a little bit about your mood? How have you been feeling? Have you been feeling down in any sort of way?
David Yacoub: Have you been doing things that you enjoy? Can you tell me a little bit about that?
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. I think I'm just super depressed. I have a lot of trouble getting out of bed in the morning. And partly I just stay up too late. I stay up probably until like 2 or 3 in the morning. I get up maybe around like, 5 or 6, and I just lay in bed scrolling on my phone. And it's. I mean, it feels bad, but I just can't motivate myself to get out of bed. I think part of it is when I broke my legs, like, it was just so hard to actually, like, move around that it felt better just to, like, kind of stay where I was. But now I think it's a real problem. And I've tried different things, like. Like, I have a buddy of mine who takes Adderall, and he's been. He's been letting me, like, try some of his Adderall in the morning, and that sometimes gives me a little pep. But, yeah, I'm. I'm not really doing anything that I love. I like, I'm getting the kind of disability payout from the. The logging company, and I'm just sort of subsisting on that. And I've also developed a bunch of other health problems that I think are probably not helping. Which I can tell you about, if that's helpful.
David Yacoub: I'm sorry to hear that. That must be so tough to deal with all of these different things. You told me that not only are you having difficulties with your sleep or you're feeling down. Can you tell me how is this affecting your energy? Do you feel like because of the lack of sleep or the difficulties with your sleep, you're not able to be as active throughout the day?
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, I definitely feel like I'm just drifting through a fog. I guess the other health complication here is that I have epilepsy. And so I take Ativan for the epilepsy. And the Outivan makes me super tired, but I have to take it to prevent myself from having seizures.
Nathan Peereboom: And so the combination of managing the Ativan crossed with my lack of sleep has made me extremely sluggish and low energy during the day.
David Yacoub: And you mentioned to me that you took a little bit of Adderall, was it?
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Yes.
David Yacoub: And do you remember the dosage of that Adderall? And how often would you take that?
Nathan Peereboom: I guess I would take. It maybe like, two or three times a week.
Nathan Peereboom: I don't remember the dosage. The way we like to take it is we would crush it a little bit. And, yeah, we would just kind of snort it. It wasn't something that we took in pill form.
David Yacoub: Got it. And then this. Ativan. Are you taking that every day?
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. I don't know what my dosage is, though. Do you have it on your chart, like, what the number is? I have no idea. I think that I did. Did Dr. Johnson send over that referral letter?
David Yacoub: I think. Let me see here. Looks like I do. See here that you are. You do have 5mg advantage. Do you take that every day?
Nathan Peereboom: The 5 milligrams I take. Religiously because if I don't take it, I have seizures.
David Yacoub: Well, okay, now. When it comes to your, you know, concentration and your ability to do things, are you able to finish tasks? End to end? Or do you kind of feel like you drift away when starting something?
Nathan Peereboom: No, I can get stuff done. But I. Nothing is being asked of me right now. Like, I'm really. I'm not working. My girlfriend and I broke up about two months ago. She just kind of got tired of it, and so I'm just kind of, like, living alone. And I get out of bed at, like, I don't know, 11 or 12. Sometimes I'll, like, go to a coffee shop.
Nathan Peereboom: But, like, honestly, I couldn't even tell you what I did most days.
David Yacoub: Yeah. I appreciate you sharing all this fort with me. You know, I. I do have to ask, you know, not just you, but all my patients, you know, if you had any thoughts of, you know, ever hurting yourself or hurting others.
Nathan Peereboom: Oh, yeah. I mean, definitely. I mean. Well, the thought of hurting others. I mean, again, like, I. I still can feel like. I mean, it was, like, in slow motion, like I was hanging in this harness, and I felt the branch break, and, like, I kind of spun around in the rope and I saw the tree, like, impaling my friend. And I have. Honestly, like, I've thought about, like, taking my own life, like, every single day since that. Like, just imagining what happened to his family. And, you know, he had. He had three kids and, like, they are all without a dad now. Like, I. Yeah, I definitely have had some pretty dark moments.
David Yacoub: Well, you know, I'm sorry to hear that. And, you know, can you tell me, like, recently, have you had any thoughts of, like, doing things, hurting yourself, you know, in the last days or weeks at all?
Nathan Peereboom: Nothing like super active. I mean, I remember when Josh was bringing over the Adderall, like, I had this thought of, like, oh, man, it would be so great if there was some, like, fentanyl in here. But that's. That's pretty much like, as close as I got to, like, a real thought of self harm.
David Yacoub: Got it. Well, I think it would be really beneficial for you to meet, you know, with one of our, you know, I think. In order for us to kind of take this to the next step, I think, you know, there's some medications that I think would be quite helpful and to describe some of them. You know, one of these medications is called like an ssri. So it's a little bit different than the Adderall or ativan prescription that you have been taking.
David Yacoub: And it doesn't give you that sensation of feeling up like the Adderall might, but it will essentially increase, you know, one of these, you know, neurotransmitters in your brain that essentially makes you a happier person.
David Yacoub: And I think that it would be beneficial to start on something like that, you know? One that comes to mind for me is, you know, Zoloft. And I think starting somewhere there might be, you know, quite important, you know. But before that, I think some last questions that I think is quite important that I'd want to ask you is have you ever had any moments where you are. You know, seeing or hearing others.
Nathan Peereboom: No, no, none of that. I feel like. I don't feel like I'm delusional at all. Like, I really do feel like I've got a good grip on reality, but my reality is just horrible. So, you know. But no, I don't think I'm having any kind of, like, dislocation. From reality, thankfully.
David Yacoub: Got it.
David Yacoub: And do you feel like, you know, has there ever been, you know, opposite of the feelings that you're kind of getting where you're not, you know, maybe, you know, you tell me that it's difficult for you to get out of bed, but do you ever feel the opposite? Where have you ever. Had any moments where, you know, you feel extremely happy and focused and, you know, maybe doing a lot of things that you might not be normally doing, or is that not really fitting at all with anything? No, I.
Nathan Peereboom: I don't feel, like, any kind of manic energy at all like I feel. I feel pretty consistent. Low dark thing. Well, listen, David, I. I have to get back. I'm about to meet my parents for dinner, so I gotta go. They've been trying to take care of me, but thanks for the conversation, and I guess. Hearing from your office, I suppose about like. Yes, definitely.
David Yacoub: So we'll send that prescription over to your pharmacy. I have here the Walgreens over on Shape Boulevard. And then we'll have a follow up scheduled with you, maybe let's do in the next two weeks to see how you're doing and. I'd also like you to meet with, you know, one of my colleagues that I think would be really helpful to talk about some things, if that sounds. If you'd be open to doing something like that.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, I'm happy to, like, I would be super excited, actually, to talk with like, a therapist as well as do like, some kind of look at medication, maybe even adjust the Ativan, if that's possible. And yeah, two weeks sounds good for the follow up. And the Walgreens on Shay, Is that the one in Cleveland.
David Yacoub: Yes.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay. Yeah, Walgreens on chain Cleveland. Is that. That. That still works for my pharmacy, so thank you.
David Yacoub: Perfect. All right. All right. Well, I'll see you soon, then. I appreciate it. Thank you.
Nathan Peereboom: All right. Awesome.
Nathan Peereboom: Thanks for the. The role play, David. I haven't done a demo in a little while, but. But I hope that felt somewhat realistic.
David Yacoub: Yeah, it was okay. I think, you know, play these little standardized games before. So, I mean, I've. I got a role play and put on that sometime. So let's see. I'm very curious to know how this comes out. But I mean, in the meantime, I mean, I would probably play this something like, you know, this is a, I don't know, 28 year old male with a past medical history of epilepsy on out of Van, 5mg, who presents for evaluation of depressed mood and, you know, trauma. Related symptoms after a logging accident approximately seven months ago in which a branch broke, causing him to fall and resulting in the death of one of his best friends. Since the accident, he reports recurrent intrusive thoughts of the event as well as persistent emotional distress over the past several weeks to months. He describes feeling super depressed with low motivation, difficulty getting out of bed. And hedonia and poor daily functioning. He reports disrupted sleep. Typically staying awake until 3am and waking up until around 5am, then laying in bed and scrolling on his phone and often not getting out of bed until 11am to 12pm. He endorses Low Energy worsted by.
Nathan Peereboom: Go ahead. Okay, just. Sorry. Just so you know, we're not recording this. Did you want this recorded?
David Yacoub: Oh, no. Let's see. Okay. Can you go up here?
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, sure.
David Yacoub: All right, let's see. I want to see what it got.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, so let's look at the hpi first. Because that's always the crown jewel of the note. Now we can move this into, like, if we wanted it to be, you know, pros, we could say, like, make HPI into pros, and then it would modify it accordingly.
David Yacoub: Can you scroll down here?
Nathan Peereboom: And then.
David Yacoub: Okay? Keep going. So it doesn't really write it in note format in a way. But, I mean, that's fine, though. I mean, I think that it doesn't matter. I mean, it doesn't matter really how you write the notes, whether it's paragraph.
Nathan Peereboom: You can totally get it in paragraph form. That's the whole thing with template building, is that we can build it that way for you.
David Yacoub: Okay?
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah.
David Yacoub: What was that audit there?
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. So let's look at the audit. All right, great. So now I put in 99212. That's wrong. On a bunch of different levels. The biggest one, though, is that it's low complexity. But I was a fairly highly complex patient, right? Like, I had a physical injury. I was taking Advivan. So it bumps the complexity, but then it also gives us 90792. It probably should also have given us an intake code. But the point is that, like, it basically says, hey, If we want to use this, we can, like, switch. Switch codes, and then it'll rerun the audit such that we get new results. So while that's cooking, I'll just, like, keep walking us through that, through this. Got it.
David Yacoub: Let's see here. The out of andos. Can you go up?
Nathan Peereboom: Yep. Five milligrams. Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: So here, probably what you do is you just be like, oh, no, that's the out of the end. Probably just be, like, replace. No, cancel. So this is again. It's. You can't. It can't read your mind, but it can.
David Yacoub: Do you know something this simple?
Nathan Peereboom: And then you just delete this and boom, it's done.
David Yacoub: Got it. I mean, also too. How is it we're getting my audio?
Nathan Peereboom: It gets it through the video, so it's recording everything in the computer's space.
David Yacoub: Cool. Okay.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. So medication access. This is this one I always love. So, you know, it includes, for example, the Adderall. It shows that, you know, I did understand Ativan. Cause sedation. It's got social history. Let's see. Sleep hygiene. There's all the data about my sleep. This is my it backdated based on the data of today, minus the 6 or 7 months ago got us to August. We didn't really talk about anything except Adderall. Here. Here's. Here's more sleep, Data. Quotes the patient where needed. We didn't talk about any testing. Here's a mental status exam inferred from the language. Here's an assessment. Safety assessment. Passive rumination. Dark moments. All the risk factors. Access to firearms. Diagnosis codes.
David Yacoub: Well, this is considered the template builder.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, sure. And before we go there, I just want to show one thing off. So let's say we wanted to write the referral to the therapist. Write a thorough letter. To a therapist who we. Want john smith to see. So when I do that, it's going to take this whole patient record and it's going to kind of explain the whole situation to them. So you don't even have to send the full patient chart, or you can send a modified version.
David Yacoub: Pretty cool.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, it's really cool, right? I mean, it totally saves.
David Yacoub: It basically uses, I guess it has all of the data from the clinical chart.
Nathan Peereboom: Exactly. So like clinical summary here's the instant that logging accident.
David Yacoub: Let me ask you what AI does it use? Can we ever pay to get a better model? Or is it you guys kind of just limited to whatever model you're kind of like whatever the HIPAA approved models from whatever cloud or jupyter whatever it is. Or do you guys not even use that?
Nathan Peereboom: We use a modified version, but we always use the best models, so we typically are on the frontier.
David Yacoub: Got it. Okay.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. Okay. Template builder. Yeah. So let's go there. And again, there's more that we can do behind the scenes than what this shows you, but the basic idea is you have different sections. You can drag and drop, mix and match. You can add sections here. So you can click through and see the different types of sections. That we offer. You can modify and customize a template with our AI Template builder. Let's see. But that's the. That's the general. We have a library, so you can look through the library that we offer. These are full templates that we've built for folks. Anything in particular you want to see, David?
David Yacoub: No, no, no. That's wonderful. And then, so you guys said that based off some of the notes that we already have or based off our note templates, you'd be able to create some of that.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. So what you should do, you don't have to. You guys don't have to. You guys are VIP customers. You don't have to interact with any of that. What you should do is send us a template. Two templates or five different notes that you're like, hey, these are great intake notes, these are great follow up notes. And we'll do the work to figure out what needs to go into the node. And we'll build the template for you, and then we'll even allow you to lock that as an organization so that only you can modify. And that way, every clinician's notes come out exactly as you want them. And when you're looking at the HPI and you're like, hey, wait. I want it in pros. I didn't want it in bullets. That's not. Nope. Format. We can make it pros instead of bullets.
David Yacoub: Perfect. Okay. Awesome. Okay, that sounds great. I'm going to try to see if I could gather some of that so that you guys can do that. That'd be really cool to see. And then maybe in the meantime, we would be able to play with the platform and just try out that recording feature and just kind of get comfortable with all of that.
Nathan Peereboom: Totally. Yeah. Well, you guys can always go. Just go. Jotsite.com, start accounts. Let me know. And we'll.
David Yacoub: So we can just create them for free, just like that.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
David Yacoub: It's really easy.
Nathan Peereboom: We're not trying to create the theater of barrier here. It's a software. You can sign up. You can use it on your own. We'll add you to a group so you actually get all the features and functionality and depth that your pilot entitles you to. Because you guys are on a special program. You're not on the normal trial program. You're on a special pilot program, so just let us know when you sign up, and we'll do some special magic in the background for you, okay?
David Yacoub: Really appreciate that. Okay? Seriously. And I'll sign up. I'll make the account right now, and I'll send you my username or the email or whatever it is.
Nathan Peereboom: Awesome. Okay, that's great. Yeah, just email is totally fine. Okay.
Bill Eberhart: Is it bilingual as well?
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, sorry. I can't believe I didn't highlight that. Great. Question, bill. All right. So when you guys go into your settings, You can go to languages and you can see all the languages we have. You can select as many as you want. We don't have every language, but we've got Arabic.
David Yacoub: That's fine. That's fun. No, those are the ones.
Nathan Peereboom: Something like 99% of all the human population because we've got Chinese, Arabic, Spanish and English. That's, like, the most of it. And then obviously, Cover a bunch of other major things, but we don't cover certain indigenous languages. There's definitely some gaps in here, but most of the languages that we work with. Or most of the languages that human beings speak are covered.
David Yacoub: Yeah, that's perfect. I appreciate that. That's cool. And then it'll just translate it to English, obviously.
Nathan Peereboom: Yep, exactly. All the documentation itself is in English.
David Yacoub: Sounds perfect.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, great.
David Yacoub: That's really cool. Okay?
Nathan Peereboom: Now, I know that you're working with Chris on sending us some things. What are we waiting for from you? Is it just a list of your clinicians?
David Yacoub: No, I mean, I think. I think that. Oh, that's right. So initially, we were going to be making this call so that they can be transferring, I guess, some of the physicians and all of their patients over, but we just kind of wanted to test it out, really, and just kind of test it between us and just. See how it is. And then maybe I could get kind of a doctor on board. Because the truth is, I think we found it a little bit tough more to just have a few of our providers completely switch over, because I think some of the integrations aren't fully there, like the billing and the prescriptions, and I think they're kind of like on a quick workflow pace. And so kind of may impede them a little bit. And so they're kind of worried about that. And so we kind of got a provider, so that's just more willing to. That will kind of lessen his schedule so that they could take their sweet time for playing with it and whatnot.
Nathan Peereboom: Well, this is one of the things we do want to emphasize. When you go, if you go and click, start trial. And I'm so glad you're doing this, David. You guys are going to notice that the setup time, it's like, I think you could get through it in less than 30 seconds. I mean, there is really no barrier here. Yes.
David Yacoub: And I feel very technologically like myself, ready to do that. And I myself feel comfortable with some of our. And that's what I'm trying to get is one of the younger doctors, because I think ehrs in general, for some of the older docs are already like a new thing. You know what I mean, and it's like, I think part of the reason why. I get 100%. And I'm still kind of waiting a little bit on hearing which providers we want to completely switch over. And I think in the meantime, me and Michael and some of the team are just kind of play with it because, I mean, we are providing like we're physicians ourselves. So we kind of know what the notes should be coming out like and just kind of testing what some of these features that you're kind of telling me about with the code and how it plays with the code and all of that. And then something I wanted to ask. Where do those recordings go? Are they recorded? Are they deleted? Is that part of. How does that work?
Nathan Peereboom: There's no audio retained, so when audio comes into our system, it's moved into these three second blocks. And then we synthesize them, we thread them together, and then we. Chop out the actual audio, and it's just transcript that's getting knit together.
David Yacoub: Perfect. Okay. Well, that sounds great. And I think maybe within the next few days, we could probably onboard like a provider, and then I can just maybe, I don't know, send an email or maybe meet with the. I can't remember what his name was. Lee. Maybe for him to be able to transfer him over or. Even sending all the data over, whatever it might be that is easiest for him to do that. Okay, great.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, that totally works. We can just follow your lead here. The other thing that I would say, because it's always somewhat hard to getting folks to try new software, always challenging. One of the things that can work, though, is doing a. And you guys are mostly remote. Is that right? Am I remembering that correctly?
David Yacoub: Okay?
Nathan Peereboom: One thing that we could do, though, is we could do something like. For a group of your providers. Actually send lunch directly to their personal homes. And do, like, a digital lunch and learn. So say, hey, let's order everyone Chipotle or something like that. The chipotle arrived to their private residences, and then we all just get on a video call, and it's still like the feeling of a lunch and learn. There's still a little bit of a carrot in the form of people getting food and having lunch, that's covered. And it can solve some of that just approachability challenge of being like, hey, look, we're not just a software company. We're human beings. We care about you. We want to hold your hand through this process. Here's what Jottech's all about. Here's the vision, here's why. We made it for clinicians. Most of our customers are individual clinicians, not large groups. That can be really helpful.
Nathan Peereboom: And what I would say is that's the kind of thing that we've gotten really good at, because we run into this all the time.
Nathan Peereboom: So it's an open offer. The more people you have on the pilot, the better. You'll have better data the more people you have on it. And so I would say, if that's attractive to you, Just send us the list of clinicians. We'll send an introductory email. We'll make sure that they understand it's totally optional. They don't have to show up. And that can be a really good way to nudge people. But we're happy to take on the cost of that. That's something that wouldn't be a problem for us.
David Yacoub: Well, we truly appreciate that offer, and honestly, I'm going to be very transparent with you guys. We see this technology as, like, a big thing for us. And the reality is, if this software is really fitting our needs, I personally am, like, looking at it in a bigger picture of not just using it as the transcription service, but more so on a larger scale. And just from the discussions that we've had, it seems like, you guys are pretty open to being very flexible and kind of modifying that software to fit our needs. And that's something that we feel very comfortable with. We really appreciate that significantly, because the way that I'm envisioning things is, like, if this is truly, like, working the way that we're kind of expecting it to work. I can see this as, like, a very big thing where we'd be able to partner with each other and maybe go even the next step and really work with you guys significantly as our technology partners, in a way, and that's kind of what I'm envisioning. And so I would just kind of like, I'm just trying my best to make sure. The truth is when we flick that bun of like, hey, we're switching over to this new software at that point. I mean, that's something that would be really nice. We'd appreciate that. But I want to just kind of. Make sure, just testing it within us internally with the billing team and all of that, and then even asking maybe even more questions of what it would look like if we wanted to get prescriptions and this billing integration. And would you guys be able to help us maybe integrate with whether it's integrate with a company or you guys helping us with a solution for the billing. We found for example a different technology API first Clearinghouse called Steady for example. But you would have to build your own revenue cycle manager from scratch versus There's a different company called Candid that already offers a full RCM with all of these automations and that would be something that we'd be trying to integrate with, like, in the long run. And then. So that's like some of the other questions that I was wanting to ask today, too, when it comes to the billing and the prescriptions, what that looks like. And there's already a company that I found for prescriptions called Ghost Spot that offers a really good API. And I think they're pretty good.
Nathan Peereboom: In that. So, David, it's so funny. So Steady and dosebot are the billing and E prescription providers we use. So you're right on the money. Those are the best kind of back end services to work with. The E prescription is pretty self explanatory. I mean you just add it to jotsyc and you can e prescribe from our software. In terms of the billing. I'll just, like, walk you through what are, you know, billing services are. Though I will caution that this is, you know, definitely in collaboration with Tidemark. So when it comes to billing.
David Yacoub: Sorry, not to cut you off, but who's Tide Mark?
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Oh, that's me.
David Yacoub: David. Okay?
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. Brittany and Bill are, you know, the Tidemark team. We work with Tidemark on this process. But, you know, our software is basically part of the picture. So what we do on the billing side is we, you know, go through and have, you know, AI injected every single level. So when we do eligibility checks, we use AI to, you know, actually pick up the phone and call the payers. When we write the notes, we're using the payer documents to write the perfect note and audit it before we submit a claim. When we submit that cms 1500. That's also an AI audited process. And then you guys probably know this, but. It's not just about getting paid. It's about when you get paid. There are plenty of companies that will, you know, with the eel, live in the lag. And you're a company that's large enough where you guys think about working capital. I'm positive. I'm positive. You think about cash on your balance sheet. And part of us protecting that. Is by having an automated appeals process. So if you have a claim denied, just like that document generator, we're able to rip through the entire patient record, look at the claim that was submitted, look at the payer context, and then immediately shoot off the appeal. Um, and the faster you do those cycles, the quicker you get paid. So that's the. That's the billing side of jot. Psych. But again, we'd have to kind of talk through exactly what you guys needed and all of that. First.
David Yacoub: Now, from the billing side of things, like when meeting with Candid, I think one thing that kind of attracted us towards that solution was that they were claiming that, you know, they're, they have basically their people or, you know, their organizations that are working with them having 99% touchless claims. And like, I'M just like, you know, I don't know how real. That that is. Or like, how, if that figures even possible. But that would be something that we would like. We would love to somehow automate that billing, you know, in a way where things are kind of. That's. That's hard. That would be our main goal, you know, that's kind of what we're trying to do is move over to a solution. That's our full point of, like, this whole technology revamp that we're doing is trying to not, not to cut the billers out, but, you know, maybe to put them in other field of, like, you know, reviewing the denied claims if the AI fails or whatnot, you know, and. And putting our resources there.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): So David, I can speak a little bit about that, about the 99% touchless claim. You can only make that the truth if you are niching in specialty types. So you know, Athena, for example, also makes a similar claim, right, with their AI and automation. But I can tell you that it always overrides all of our 994s when we do Spravato and. And replaces it with G2212. And it's been a nightmare, you know, for us as a billing company. So I can tell you that if they specifically niche and, you know, the psychiatric space, then sure, they could probably make that. Claim. But if they haven't built that, if they're trying to be just a global service type of provider, they cannot make that claim. As far as it being touchless.
David Yacoub: So they had actually claimed, you know, and I'm just being very open and transparent with you guys. I mean, they had claimed, you know, I don't know if you heard psychiatry, that's also like another large telehealth psychiatry organization, and they are claiming that they did it for that specific organization and they're claiming that that organization is like, you know, I think double the claims that we're putting, you know.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Yeah. So I'll tell you, you can make all of those things automated because we've dealt in that ourselves, separately from anything with Jaw sign, and I can tell you that you can make it. So that you can. As long as the payers support unsolicited claims attachments, we can send in clinical notes when they request it. There's still a deficit when they're requesting medical records for the, for the portal access to like be there, you know, because every, every company is different. Like you guys. Are good and you guys are inside of a melody, right? But, like, if, if they do paper claims, you still have to end up I mean, paper requests, you still have to end up submitting those, and you're still going to, you're going to be hit with a lot of medical, medical records requests at your size, so there will be some small touch points with that. But as far as claim claims going out. The, the real piece. As long as they're doing OCR for the captures for your, you know, for the insurance cards and, and getting the correct member IDs, that's the important piece. And then also having some rules engine behind the third party TPAs as far as routing the claims correctly. So if they can do that, then you can definitely say that they have that. That would be a 99% no touch claim piece. Otherwise they're going to delay your payment.
Bill Eberhart: Also, it looks like based on the little amount of research that I did do on. Is it Tuck?
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Psychiatry.
Bill Eberhart: They. They only specialize in a single psychiatrist. Like psychiatrist.
Bill Eberhart: Yeah, maybe I'm wrong. I don't know.
Nathan Peereboom: That only like, two things, right?
Nathan Peereboom: They're one of those MSOs that has a very, very narrow CPT band.
David Yacoub: Got it. And one thing I'll tell you too, is, I mean, we are. I mean, I think we, we, for the most part, are one specialty, too. Psychiatry, you know, and we, we have, I mean, I guess, in addition, I guess psychologist and I guess you could add that, and therapists. And so I guess maybe the. Billing. There is also slightly. I mean, it's different, so that also adds layers there. But what is it? Kind of. I think we spoke a little bit and we touched about the billing aspect before. And if you don't mind, to just kind of jog my memory a little bit about, like, what kind of like. What those numbers look like. Because the reality, like, the truth is, is we have, like, the team that we do have, regardless of touchless or not, they're very efficient, you know, for the most. Most part, so very efficient. And for us to switch that billing model, it would have to be like there would have to be some sort of purpose behind it or a good reason to. And I think one of that big reason is having it touchless. I think that supports just overall growth in general, being able to have less reliance on mistakes and human error. But I just wanted to kind of jog my memory there from our past conversation.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. It's so dependent on the actual situation you have. Here's what I would say, though, David, when people ask this, here's what we usually push them towards. We push them towards what's called a jot bill analysis, which is basically what we do is we look at what your current billing situation is. And we try and answer three questions. One, what are you earning today? Two where is money getting delayed or lost? And three what changes unlock the most impact. Backing out. What changes unlock the most impact is the bright way for us to tell you, hey, here's what you could expect if we served you. And we're always really honest with people. Like, if we can't make a big difference, then we don't want to put our hat in the ring. We're very good at a specific set of things. But if this is something that you don't feel like, you know, off the top of your head or want to understand it, like a super, super deep level, This is a great place to start if you want to understand your billing situation and what the actual building blocks are of making that such that you're getting more of your claims accepted and the lag time is less. You have to build a custom analysis. I can't say anything about what Candid does. I don't know anything about them except that they're a company. I don't know how they calculate 99%. I don't know if touchless means paid and touchless. I don't know if touchless means. I just don't know.
Nathan Peereboom: So, you know, opine on something I don't know about. But what I do know is that actual pair environment you're in, that's the that the pair environment and the way that that matches with how you practice medicine, that's the real answer to the billing. So this is something that's interesting to you. It's not an expensive Service. It's like $300. It's just a one time thing. The $300 just covers, like, a few hours of analyst time. And we sell this at a loss because our goal is, like, we want to be able to flex the muscle we have in understanding your billing situation and serving you. So if that's interesting, just let us know, we're happy to do it.
David Yacoub: Well, I appreciate that. I mean, I think that that would be wonderful. And I think let's just kind of take it one step at a time and just kind of testing the software and all of that. And then let me ask you, kind of backtracking to the prescriptions and the eligibility checks, like, let's say, you know, we wanted to, like, switch over a provider and, like, kind of try it out. Like, how would that look? Like, would you be able to, like, activate it for a period of time or, like, does it. Is it not that easy?
Nathan Peereboom: So we get metered on prescriptions. We send an eligibility checks we do. So we'd probably have to do like a 90 cents is what we charge per eligibility check. On E prescriptions. We could throw that in for free for this first month as well. Typically, it's like $69 per clinician, but we can throw that in just in the interest of simplicity, if you guys want to try that.
David Yacoub: $69 for clinician, okay?
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Yeah. And Nate, I have a question. Do you do any sort of. Do you do any sort of insurance discovery with your eligibility checks?
Nathan Peereboom: That's interesting. In what sense?
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Brittany?
Nathan Peereboom: We work off of the patient's stated insurance, right?
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): So typically around February and March we get a lot of payer denials because the coordination and benefits details needing to be updated with the patient and that will actually insurance discovery actually runs a check against all the different payers and returns a result if they have any other like insurance details on phone. We wouldn't be aware of that. The patients would have.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, well, that's something that we probably would love to partner with you guys on, because we don't.
Nathan Peereboom: We do it purely based on, you know, the way it works is insurance company patients give us their insurance information, and we make sure that it's either active or not. We don't actually do what you're describing, so that's helpful to. Helpful to hear.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Yeah. I can. I can tell you how to. To sync up with that. I've got an API connection for that if you want to delve down that road. It's. It's relatively cheap, and it saved. It saved my clinical a lot. Of money.
Nathan Peereboom: Awesome. Super helpful. Yeah, so I would say. And I have to run. I've got a 530 hard stop. David, Antoine, what do you guys need from us? Because, you know, we obviously want to make sure you get all the information you need.
Nathan Peereboom: I think that the next step is probably you guys testing the software and getting, like, one or two clinicians on and then hopefully expanding the pilot from there.
David Yacoub: I mean, there's. Truthfully, I think you guys have done more than enough, and we got really plenty. And I think you're right. I think the next step is I'm just going to create this account. I'll let you know what that email is, and then we'll kind of be you. Know, playing around with it over the next few days, and then hopefully I'll send out an email to. I don't know, I'll just put it on the same chat and let you guys know.
Nathan Peereboom: Beautiful. Okay, that sounds great. Well, listen, we really look forward to it. You've got. I think you've got our phone numbers, I think you've got our slack, you've got our email. If you need absolutely anything, day or night, please reach out and. And we will. You know, we'll be there. Okay?
David Yacoub: Perfect. I appreciate it. Thank you guys so much.
Nathan Peereboom: Thanks, everyone.
Antoine: Have a good one.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): You too.
David Yacoub: All right, bye.