Christopher Hume: I think.
Daniel Chadda: Sure.
Christopher Hume: Daniel, this is an awesome like first crack.
Christopher Hume: I don't think we need to go through kind of your taskings for two weeks from now. Let's just focus on next week. But I think this is pretty close to what we're looking for.
Daniel Chadda: Okay.
Christopher Hume: Okay. So just the one thing I want to say is that like the real. Yeah. So this is a good start. Don't spend too, too, too much time doing like the general overview and like, especially the overview of like digital ads and that sort of stuff. Like you definitely, definitely. Oh my God. Definitely. Like do the review but like don't go crazy.
Daniel Chadda: Yeah, exactly. That, that's what I was thinking. Like, or you know, more folks on like the, the deeper insights. So I don't want to spend too much time like on the surface level stuff.
Christopher Hume: Yep. Perfect. But I think this is a great place to start. Agree with what you're looking at here. Oh my God. So then this, this looks really, really good. I like kind of what you're thinking about the problems or the research you're going to be doing, starting with the tech stack and like metrics.
Daniel Chadda: Exactly.
Daniel Chadda: And that'll all be started like. Yeah. Next week pretty much. So that's like the next like immediate thing. Yeah.
Christopher Hume: So this is really, really good because like you will be setting this up while in tandem. I'm going to be scaling up our outbound so like we'll see how the process works and hopefully it's working well. And then you'll have insights from here that I can integrate into refining the process. Exactly.
Christopher Hume: This all looks good. Yeah. My research. Yeah. Bonus track.
Daniel Chadda: Yeah. It's a bit of a long shot but I think like if it works it could be pretty valuable. So I don't know. You never know. And it's like, it's not too much work. Like on my end it's kind of just like, you know, a few emails.
Daniel Chadda: So I don't know, I thought it might could help if it. Yeah. If it works out.
Christopher Hume: Yeah. I think non competing customers. That's awesome. That's something. So I worked in our innovation center when I was in college and grad school at Notre Dame. And yeah, it's funny how easy it is to get someone on the phone when you're a student.
Daniel Chadda: Yeah.
Christopher Hume: As soon as you become like an adult or a professional, a lot less easy. That sounds like. Yeah, again like no expectations here, but if you could get some interesting insights, I'd love to hear them.
Daniel Chadda: Exactly. And I was also just thinking, assuming that does work, I'd be able to get a much more clear view of their exact kind of process and systems. So I don't know. Yeah, I think it'd be very valuable, obviously, if it works, but, yeah.
Christopher Hume: Okay, so this looks good. Yeah, I mean this is awesome. This is kind of a thing where I'm like, geez, I will keep you updated. I'm not sure if you saw on Slack, but I'm working on this. True Cold Outbound.
Christopher Hume: We're developing an in house process. Would love to, once you do your research, compare what we have against what's best in class. And like, I would love for you to like throw rocks at what we have.
Daniel Chadda: Yeah, Yeah. I mean I think that's like a big like part of the whole like, you know, point of this project. Right.
Daniel Chadda: Just to make sure that. Yeah.
Christopher Hume: And then this one. Yeah. So this. And then compliance review. I'm actually going over this with one of our mentors.
Daniel Chadda: Okay.
Christopher Hume: So I don't need you to do the research here. I'm going to take this.
Daniel Chadda: Okay.
Christopher Hume: So removed to be more clear. Oh Jesus. What the hell? Okay, and then so this seems like a big chunky piece of work. Daniel.
Christopher Hume: Happy to like, it's like this is all good stuff. My only concern is how many hours are you working a week?
Daniel Chadda: I can do like. So this is kind of like what I've been doing. I've been doing about like 10 to 15 so far. So yeah, I did. Yeah. I just finished up like two projects for Becca. So like, you know, time is kind of opening up for me. So. Yeah, I don't really like think it'll be an issue at all like regarding time.
Christopher Hume: Okay.
Daniel Chadda: And as for like, yeah, I'm honestly not 100 sure on like exactly how long this will take me, but I think like at the very least I should be able to make some like pretty decent progress by like our next check in on Friday.
Christopher Hume: Okay.
Daniel Chadda: So maybe that means like you know, 100 through like track A or at least like 75 through. That's kind of like a off the top of my head, what I'm estimating, but okay.
Christopher Hume: Yeah, I mean, hey, yeah, that sounds great to me. Let's do ASYNC check in on Wednesday.
Daniel Chadda: Okay.
Christopher Hume: If you could just send me like, hey, Chris, this is how it's going. Just because like this is like if you can get this done in one, one week, I'm super stoked. Okay.
Christopher Hume: I do know you get a lot of focus here and I just want to make sure that like we have it over scoped. So yeah, just send me an async update on Wednesday and let go of that.
Christopher Hume: Yeah, yeah, but no, this looks great. And then Alex, I'll review or sorry, Alex. Jesus, Daniel. I'll review the other phases and let you know if I have any feedback. And we can kind of discuss that on Friday.
Daniel Chadda: I was kind of focused more just in terms of, like, you know, refining and everything on just, like, track A for now, because I was like, you know, the main part I'm doing right now, but. Yeah, yeah. Let me know if you have any other feedback. And then I think like once we're through this, I'll like just take a quick look through those other phases, make sure everything looks good. If I have to like refine or anything, like, I'll do that. But yeah, cool.
Christopher Hume: Anything that you need from me, Daniel? Do you have like all the, all the tools, access to?
Daniel Chadda: I think I just need HubSpot Chris, but okay. Yeah, that's about it.
Christopher Hume: Let me get you. I'll put that on my to do list. I'll take care of it. And if you need anything else, just. Just slack me.
Daniel Chadda: Yeah, of course.
Christopher Hume: Do you class on Fridays?
Daniel Chadda: I do not actually, thankfully. So yeah, it's kind of a pretty free day for me.
Christopher Hume: I had classes on Fridays every single. Every single semester. My senior year, second semester, I was a. Sorry, I can't type and speak Cuff squad access. I was a part. I was a part time student and the only required class I had was at 2pm Monday, Wednesday, Friday.
Daniel Chadda: Wow.
Christopher Hume: Couldn't throw me a bone. Couldn't throw me a bone.
Daniel Chadda: I've had like. Honestly. Okay, I've had kind of the opposite. Only like in my freshman year, like both semesters I had classes on Friday, but since then, thankfully I've not. So. Yeah, that. That sucks man.
Christopher Hume: Yeah, tough, tough. Go. Okay, cool. Thanks Daniel. I'll talk to you next week.
Daniel Chadda: Cool, sounds good. Thanks so much.