Christopher Hume: Hey Antoine.
Antoine: Oh hey Chris.
Christopher Hume: How are you?
Antoine: All good I was actually about to send you an email and I was just like saw your email I actually like joined on the previous meeting link not I was waiting like start the meeting or not yet we were in two separate meetings waiting for each other.
Christopher Hume: Hey David.
David Yacoub: Hey Chris how are you doing?
Christopher Hume: Good how are you?
David Yacoub: Good good well I hope you're doing great I'm glad that we got a chance to sit down and talk today so I want to talk with you a little bit about this you know we've been having some talks about everything and basically we're we're at a stage right now where we're kind of just we're going through this massive switches and you know I think that we're we're just at a point where it's just we're just having too much trouble finding a place where we can add another switch on top of it and I think that's causing a lot of conflict with people and so I think right now we're just kind of like at a stage where we got to kind of have to just hold off for a little bit until we are a little bit more stable on our end and we can you know handle an extra a layer of switch but right now with the amount of thing that we're kind of switching around it's confusing people and like adding an extra layer on top of it like just when I bring up the idea to people they're very like you know it's just it's it's not been very easy because they're just like can we just get a little bit more time and I feel bad because I don't want to keep meeting with you and just like holding you off. So I think you know it would be best if we just kind of like held off for a little bit until we kind of are. A little bit more stable on our ends and things have everybody's gonna got accustomed to the switches that we've already made and then we can kind of looking into like you know adding another switch but until then we're kind of in a pickle because like the providers are just like why am I gonna switch when I can just use the doxy transcription or whatever like they're just like for them it's not like a big enough of a sway and for us it's like a bigger like you know and so that's that's where we're kind of at and so I hated this be disappointing you know with this talk or you know and I would really love to just stay in touch really and continue to like check in with you and like maybe a few weeks where and we can maybe like continue I mean because we really if you check we really haven't done much right like yeah templates or anything like that and so maybe if we could just kind of stay in touch and if we're like at a little bit of a better time you know we can maybe kind of try this again a little bit and start with the templates and but just it's just with the timing right now. It's been a little bit tough.
Christopher Hume: David I really appreciate kind of the honesty and kind of let me know that certainly makes sense. To me I think yeah. Even if we're the perfect solution it also needs to be the right time to make sure that this goes well so I guess I saw a few questions for you just that would be so helpful as we compare for these meetings I don't know in a few weeks maybe in May or June. Is there anything in particular you said you're not getting enough interest
David Yacoub: yeah I'll just tell you stuff like the biggest things like yeah like the biggest differences that would be wonderful you guys like if you could have a wonderful like exportation feature you know where like you can you know be able to you know export whatever it might be information like you know what if there's a time where a billing company might be asking me for claim proof or something I should be able to export PDFs or you know cells or whatever it might be same thing for patients I think that's a big one the analytical page for us I think more so like in terms of functionality like ticketing and tasks for us is a big one I think that's like you know we want a place where we're able to you know communicate internally with company and I think that's a big one like being able to type patients and I'm not gonna lie your software is phenomenal I think for most practices like you know what I mean it's just the problem is is we're very unique in the way that we do things and so it's like you can expect one company to you know rebuild their whole product around you that's not you're building it for the general consumer and so like for that and that. Sense really well put together like you know what I mean but for our like case scenario I just feel like there's it's so many custom things that we're doing that we're essentially changing the whole work for all the administrators and like with the skill that we're at that's not really possible and we need software that's going to be kind of. Like adjusting around the needs of us and so we're at a stage where we're just we're really just thinking of all different angles you know of what to do. But I think right now we're at a stage where we're just kind of in the middle of switches in terms of like so I think we're kind of holding off a little bit from the technology side until people are all kind of you know settled in.
Christopher Hume: David if. Away a lot of people start using Jot psych is they use us with their existing EHR and they can using our Chrome extension integrate us in would that be and I know now still probably not the perfect time but that
David Yacoub: would be the place to start you know discussions and all that if we were to communicate and like this is where that would be definitely the place where we would start would be the extension and then moving from there because like you know in terms of the EHR side that that wouldn't I think that wouldn't work right now for sure.
Christopher Hume: You remind me that EHR that you're going that you're using right now office ally office ally that's right okay yeah so and then the other question I have for you David is you said there's kind of not enough of a kind of benefit to the providers yet is there anything that we should look into having for the providers or that we should be able to communicate in the providers that would make them more excited to use us.
David Yacoub: I think I mean honestly I think it's more so once they're just a little I think it's just people are a little bit off right now because of the just a lot of the changes kind of going on so they just want to feel like they just want to be a little bit more comfortable and get used to what's kind of going on and then add in some more switches. But I think the Chrome extension would be a good way to kind of show them like how the summaries and all of that would work.
David Yacoub: So I think that definitely a really good place to start.
Christopher Hume: So that and what just what transitions are you is this a software transition you're undergoing right now or are you reorganizing how the company is set up?
David Yacoub: Yeah, so it's a little bit of like both like we have contracts expiring with like Oracle. And so when it comes to like the ticketing system like we're we're we don't know if you know we're kind of just kind of thinking about what's kind of going on there and I think where Oracle is coming up and I think we're we're going to continue with the Oracle. You know we're just kind of like you know in this mix. So I think Oracle is going to be the system that we're going to end up getting you know we're going to have to like just continue using it. So we're just kind of in a bit of a mix of what what to do right now.
Christopher Hume: Well then what I think David what I think sort of makes sense here and like kind of let me know what you think is like you guys have your pilot you paid for a pilot and I know you haven't been able to take advantage of it. So if you could share those templates with me I will spend time sometime over the next few weeks and I'll make sure we have those templates on file for you. And then if we want to touch base maybe a month from today. To see how things are going see how the transitions going if it's a good time we could just restart your pilot. I'll have the templates loaded in there and I'll make sure that we can demo that Chrome integration for you. So like you can really properly try us when things have calmed down we're just going to be an add on at first to your office ally. So there's no more transmissions. And then we can show the providers that it's really quick and it's not going to be any more work for them. Would that make sense?
David Yacoub: Yeah, I think that makes the.
Christopher Hume: Perfect. So let me actually just while we're kind of all here together. Yeah, can you hear me? Yep, I can hear you. Can you hear me David?
David Yacoub: Yes I hear you.
Christopher Hume: Would May 6 this time work?
David Yacoub: Yes, that works perfectly sorry the phone I didn't cut out there.
Christopher Hume: And audio issues today a few of my. Editing. To you for May 6. And then yeah David if you could just send me even like a really high level template example. I just want to make sure that you guys have something so like whenever you decide to try this again it's a seamless as an experience as possible.
David Yacoub: Yes that would really be wonderful. I really do appreciate it. Kirsten, you've really been awesome in this whole process. So I really appreciate it a lot.
Christopher Hume: No. I appreciate the kind words and it's been so so fun getting to kind of chat with you guys and kind of hear about your process and how we can serve you and I hopefully when things calm down in a month or so we can really give it the good college try and get everyone up and running to properly test the software. Yeah David do you by any chance have those templates. To access those templates?
David Yacoub: Could you would you be able to I don't have the access on hand. But yeah I'm going to think at this stage I think really what's kind of happening is you know. You know we're I think. Our systems the way they're put together I think may we're just going to be kind of analyzing and thinking some of the people even in Oracle they've actually done some like new technology and added some new integrations and so that's been wonderful too. And so we're just kind of thinking of like what directions you know what technology use in what areas. And I think the Chrome extension would be a nice place like cuz yeah I think initially it was like do we restructure and you know unified was similar whatever it might be. But I think we might just kind of stick with current systems and then you know using that Chrome extension once people are kind of happy you know with all of the different change that we're doing.
Christopher Hume: That sounds that sounds like a great path ahead to me David. Well I'll follow up this afternoon kind of with my email and just kind of what we discussed today next steps and then the request for those templates. Antoine, is there anything I should be tracking for you or that you'd like me to have prepared? I know we talked about those reports. Is there anything else kind of for for May that I should be ready to discuss or that I should spend a little time this month fleshing out for you.
Antoine: I actually want to echo David and everything you just said. If anything that I may leave with you before we end this meeting is that we have to main pillars in our operations the provider side and I believe or I anticipate that you're doing. The above and beyond when it comes to the provider side of things and how to navigate the platform and everything. But an organization. With our size having over 300 employees where we do a lot of operations aside of the clinical aspect of things. That's where we may find some sort of a gap. So that here comes the analytical dashboard of the operational side schedule the appointments. Dino shows the reschedules etc etc everything that we've mentioned in previous meetings. But again I echo David like he wouldn't. Like tailor your whole platform for only one organization at the end of the day or you go like more of like mainstream that fits majority of the practices. So that would be my feedback mainly.
Christopher Hume: Super super helpful Antoine.
Antoine: I appreciate it.
Christopher Hume: And yeah, some of those you're very right. We need to make sure kind of as we grow as a company that you know as the organizations get bigger that we're serving there's more operational and administrative services we have to provide as well. Thank you both. It's been a pleasure getting to chat with you so much this month or I guess the past month between March and April and I'm looking forward to touching base in May and seeing if we can get this pilot kicked off properly.
David Yacoub: Hey we really appreciate it Chris. Thank you so much.
Christopher Hume: Appreciate you both have a great afternoon.
David Yacoub: Have a good one. All right bye.