Christopher Hume: Hi. Good afternoon. How are you? Good. Thanks. Chris.
RAVF RAVF1: I'm ola.
Christopher Hume: Ola. Great to meet you.
RAVF RAVF1: Same here.
Christopher Hume: And where in the country are you based? Ola, pennsylvania. Pennsylvania. Wonderful.
RAVF RAVF1: How about you?
Christopher Hume: Usually I'm based in D.C. but right now I'm in new york.
RAVF RAVF1: Nice. Taking you to all over.
Christopher Hume: Oh, yeah. They've got me going all over the place. I'll be in North Dakota next week and Buffalo, New York, the week after. Busy. Yeah, it's fun. I like it.
RAVF RAVF1: Just have to wait for the other people to come on, right?
Christopher Hume: Yes. Ola, Are you a current chat site user? Are you just learning a little bit more? Was okay.
RAVF RAVF1: I think we're also going to talk about today is to talk about other products aside.
Christopher Hume: We've probably messaged some changes since the last time you used us.
RAVF RAVF1: I know you guys have because they gave me, like, free two weeks. I know a lot has improved. But some of my challenges is that aside from doing. Outpatient. I go to nursing home and it's easier for me. The other one I use, I just need to click one button. I'm not looking for anything. Just because you go from room to room and you have to be fast. I'm not. Network is no good. I'm not trying to. Just one body. It starts recording. So that kind of work for practice.
Christopher Hume: Which is your other scribe, okay?
RAVF RAVF1: I use freedom.
Christopher Hume: Have you ever used the jot psych application, Ola?
RAVF RAVF1: Yes, I have. That's what I'm saying. I've used it before. So we're just waiting for the orders, right?
Christopher Hume: Yeah.
RAVF RAVF1: Okay?
Christopher Hume: I just said, Everyone, an email with a little reminder. If they don't show up, it'll just fit you a meal. Get a personal.
RAVF RAVF1: B. Sorry. I'm working in between. Okay.
Christopher Hume: No, certainly understand. I guess. Hold on. We could just kick off, and if other people join, we can kind of catch them up on what we were talking about. And it looks like all their notetakers are here. We've got a few note takers here, so they'll get the notes. The notes anyway.
RAVF RAVF1: How do you add this note taker to your stuff?
Christopher Hume: We have one associated with our company. That one's called Nathan's Grain. I don't know how your colleagues are using for their note takers. But join the meeting.
RAVF RAVF1: I would ask them. I see she has a new ticket too. So I would ask we pay for too many things on the extent I can just ask Chatgpt.
Christopher Hume: So, Ola, you said you've tried jobs like in the past, but maybe didn't meet all your workflow requirements. There's a little too challenging. What did Dr. Bola kind of share with you that kind of got you excited to learn a little more. And I'll make sure we talk about that today.
RAVF RAVF1: Say that again. Please.
Christopher Hume: What would be the, like, most valuable thing I can tell you about Jot Psych today? Was there anything Dr. Bola brought up that was particularly of interest to you?
RAVF RAVF1: Yeah, yeah, she talked about the credentialing, but she wanted to go back on that and see like you guys did do credentialing now. I think that the price.
Christopher Hume: I think she's trying to negotiate.
RAVF RAVF1: For, like, having more people come online. And, like, on board, so that could be negotiable.
Christopher Hume: Understood. Hey, Dr. Bullock, how are you? Hey, Dr. Bola, can you hear us?
bola olugboja: I can't hear you.
Christopher Hume: Wonderful.
bola olugboja: Waiting for two other people waiting for me.
Christopher Hume: Doctor Bola. I was planning on walking through after talking to Ola. We'll go through credentialing jot Bill, quick overview of jot Psych. Is there anything else you'd like me to touch upon today? Doctor bola.
RAVF RAVF1: Maybe she's in between patients.
Christopher Hume: Yeah, no worries. Are you currently independently credentialed, or who do you do your credentialing through?
Christopher Hume: One of the Alma's headways grows of the world.
RAVF RAVF1: Yes.
Christopher Hume: Hey, Emery, thanks for joining us.
RAVF RAVF1: Appreciate it.
Anne Marie Djpoumdjeu: You're welcome. Good morning.
Christopher Hume: Good morning. And Dr. Bullard. Are we waiting for one more person to join us?
bola olugboja: Yeah. We're waiting for the others.
Christopher Hume: Okay? Just so you know, I will have to jump right at 2pm Eastern, so we still have plenty of time, but I think we should probably. Leave the meeting right at 2pm Eastern. I have another meeting, so we have plenty of time. But I just want to flag for you that we should probably kick off around 140 just to make sure kind of time to answer everyone's questions and make sure we have some good next steps.
bola olugboja: Okay? It remains Chemi. Let me remind.
Christopher Hume: Perfect. Yeah, I sent everyone an email, so hopefully they saw that. But if you could send them a reminder, Dr. Bola, that would be wonderful.
bola olugboja: Tell me what we. Actually, she is one of the people that I really, really need to hear. Okay? I know. She told me she will be having. On you. Any color.
Christopher Hume: Perfect.
bola olugboja: She told me she would be. Showing. How? She told me she has a patient, but. Okay, she's testing me.
Nafisatu Jalloh: Hello, everybody.
bola olugboja: Okay. Hi, nafi. How are you? How are you doing?
Nafisatu Jalloh: I'm good. How are you?
bola olugboja: Okay, fine. In this session, okay?
Nafisatu Jalloh: Yes. Hi. How are you, christopher?
Christopher Hume: Good. Great to meet you.
Nafisatu Jalloh: How's a member of George Sach introduced me to it. You guys are gonna do great things. I'm like, okay, I'm looking forward to the great things about.
bola olugboja: I'm just introducing. They never pay me the money.
Christopher Hume: It's true. We'll make sure you get your referral bonus, Dr. Bowle. Of course, of course.
bola olugboja: So Kemi is going to. She says she's in a session.
bola olugboja: But she will join hopefully before you finish.
Christopher Hume: Okay, perfect. And Dr. Bola, I'll follow up to everyone at the end of this meeting with my calendar. So she wants a one on one session I can walk her through. At another date as well. I think just a level set with everyone here. I know Ola and Bola. You've been already using jot psych and it sounds like Nafi. Have you been using jot sec yet? And have you had any experience with chat psych?
Nafisatu Jalloh: Yes, some. Not much because usually when I work with Dr. Ball about my new job has a Tebra AI, so I don't need jot site that much.
Christopher Hume: Okay? Have you used Jot Psych ever or anything like that?
bola olugboja: And can you?
Anne Marie Djpoumdjeu: Not yet.
Christopher Hume: Okay?
bola olugboja: She's going to be new to Joss site.
Christopher Hume: Okay, wonderful. So I think.
bola olugboja: And also, Kemi 2 is going to be new to JOT psych. The main thing we are actually calling about is the credential.
Christopher Hume: Okay? Perfect. Let me then walk you all through credentialing, and then we can use so we'll go through credentialing, and then we can spend the last 10 or 5 or 10 minutes making sure that. I can give Kind of the people who aren't currently using jat, psych and extended trial. Just to make sure. I'll take advantage and try it out and see how it fits your workflow. But one moment. Let me pull up that credentialing stuff. While I'm pulling up, looking to see where this jot credentialing DEC is, what I could do is walk you through how the process works and answer any questions. So just like we, of course, AI scribe, we support with billing. Support with prescriptions as well. But something that a lot of our customers have found very, very useful is our credentialing platform. And do credentialing for you to take you off of either an organizational, an organization's credentials, or if you're using ALMA or Headway and maybe they're taking a little too high a percentage of your revenue, we can help you get credentialed to your independently credentialed with these insurance companies and these insurance payers and you can go out on your own. How that works is there's an upfront cost of $350, and it's $300 per payer. And people often ask kind of, what's this job cycle part?
Christopher Hume: We can promise you that this is. We will keep you up to date so you'll get constantly access to know exactly where all your credentialing process stands. And once we collect all the documentation from you, there will be. It's a very low lift, so you'll have access to a portal. You'll see all the work we're doing on your behalf. And we can kind of take care of all the administrative challenges associated with credentialing. I know. I was asking Ola if you were credentialed through Alma or headway, and you said yes. Anyone else on the call? Would this be of interest for?
bola olugboja: What is the question, please?
RAVF RAVF1: He's asking, is anyone else who also wants a credential? Aside from all other uses like edware and grow, is anybody open to also credentialing.
bola olugboja: Yeah. Is everyone on the team that's trying to credential 300?
RAVF RAVF1: So where do we stay? Where do we start from?
Christopher Hume: We start with me, this meeting today where I explain how credentialing works, and then we can all get you signed up for kickoff meetings, if that's something you'd be interested in. Starting early next week. In those meetings, we collect documents from you. And then kick off credentialing on the required the pairs that you want to be credentialed with.
bola olugboja: So the reason why we actually request. Because we spoke with Nate. When?
RAVF RAVF1: It's all last week or last. I don't remember now, this month.
bola olugboja: We speak with Nate last week, Thursday, and he actually went down to 200. For credentials.
Christopher Hume: That's wonderful to hear.
bola olugboja: Let me show you my face so that you can see the way I'm doing my. I'm doing credentialing I'm doing for Maryland. I'm doing for Virginia. I'm doing for another person. So if I have to do 200, that means you want to take all the money. From me money to it. So talking about that and you see that we have more than enough provider. How low can you go? Ola and I and the others. Kemi. Kemi will soon join. We are looking. Since we are a lot of provider. Can you go down to bike? What do you think? Ola Hundred?
Christopher Hume: Or for credentialing.
Nafisatu Jalloh: Yes.
RAVF RAVF1: It's like that's about seven different people now.
Christopher Hume: Well, this is something I have to check with Nate. I don't have the authority here to change our prices. I'm sorry, Dr. Bola, but I need to make sure I check with him and kind of our leadership team before I change the prices on our products. I would be happy to do is kind of anyone who isn't using jot, psych, or has had their trial lapse, we can extend you. I mean, Most people get 10 days. We'll give you kind of three weeks, full access. So you can kind of be using us. You can set up those meetings with Nate. And for all of you.
Christopher Hume: We can do that right now if it would be of interest. For the credentialing kickoff meeting where he explains the documents required and I can let him know who else?
bola olugboja: The reason why we are talking. Okay, let me rephrase. He already talked to myself and Ola. The reason and we briefed the others.
bola olugboja: The reason we're actually calling, because we are really ready to go. Actually, my friend Ola actually was really the one that told. Wait. I've been with George site you guys. You've taken too much of my money. For? Is it not up to. When was it? When did we go to that conference?
RAVF RAVF1: Last year.
bola olugboja: No, not last year.
bola olugboja: It's going to two years now.
RAVF RAVF1: Okay?
bola olugboja: Yeah.
Nafisatu Jalloh: From April. Dr. Bola introduced me. Yes, and I've been saying I'm not using it. So you see, you can check my account. National fee. Yeah, we've been paying for it and I don't even use it much.
bola olugboja: You see, she's been paying for it, but she's not been using. So, like I told Nat, I told Net, that I'm an influencer. I'm telling you. See, it's a lot of people have introduced, so it's not only me. It's not only this group, but you need to meet us somewhere.
Christopher Hume: Okay. I certainly understand bola in that. Yes, certainly understand. And I'll kind of share this message with Nate. I just on this call, I can't make adjustments to price that can make the.
bola olugboja: Thing that what you are telling.
Christopher Hume: Pardon me, Dr. Bo.
bola olugboja: I say it's only Nate or you have to come together.
Christopher Hume: I have to go together with him and have a conversation about it that's unfortunately above my pay grade. Maybe someday I'll be making those decisions, but not yet.
bola olugboja: So the thing is that I'm telling you, if you guys credential, then we jump onto the EHR. The moment I start it and I see how it works, they will jump off EHR.
Christopher Hume: Would you be using JOTSEC for the billing too, Dr. Bola?
bola olugboja: Yeah. No, no, the Billy and I have somebody that bills for me. So that's maybe the future. Actually, in the future, maybe when I start the Virginia, maybe you guys will be the one being in that one. But right now, in Maryland, I have somebody bidding.
Christopher Hume: Understood?
bola olugboja: So one question because Ola reminded me. Do you guys have the telehealth? This thing with your phr.
Christopher Hume: So right now, we don't have it integrated into our ehr. So most of our customers use something like Doxy or Hippo Zoom. That said, it's something our engineers are working on. So it's something we will have in the future? Absolutely. But it's not yet rolled out to our customers.
bola olugboja: Okay. As long as they are working on it, that's okay. Okay?
Christopher Hume: DR Bola and team, I think the two valuable things. So from my end herd, loud and clear on the price objections. I can't make any promises here, but what I can promise is that I'll go talk to Nate and make sure, kind of he's aware. And kind of share that for all of you. What I can do is for Anne Marie and Ola. Are your Jotsec accounts inactive?
bola olugboja: Anne marie.
Nafisatu Jalloh: Mine is active, yes.
Christopher Hume: I'm sorry, Anne Marie, was yours active or inactive?
RAVF RAVF1: I'm here. I've been speaking with on mute.
Christopher Hume: No worries.
RAVF RAVF1: So is inactive. But I told you, my challenge is that when I go to the nursing home, I only need to be able to click one button because then it will be too much for me. And also the prize, it's like $50 extra. Trying to squeeze this doll out. Everybody wants a piece of archic.
Christopher Hume: Understood? Understood. And Maria, have you been able to use JOT site before? I'll make sure to send you an email with a link to sign up. I'll make sure you get extended trial while we're setting this all up for you, so that's one thing I can do. And then the second thing I can do is share Nate's calendar. I just put it into the Google Meet chat.
Christopher Hume: And if you all want to schedule time with Nate, That would be how we kick off the jot cred conversation. And of course, I'll make sure he's aware of pricing concerns and all of that ahead of time, so he'll be fully ready to discuss that with you during those one on one meetings.
Christopher Hume: Does that sound like a reasonable path ahead?
Anne Marie Djpoumdjeu: Yes, I'm sure.
RAVF RAVF1: We're just waiting to hear back now. And see, look at the number of people on this call. And some of them are also doing in different states. And this is you kicking off. Hold on. This is you kicking off with the Nigerians. So they bring other people. That's how we work. So don't lose the business on the Nigerian side.
bola olugboja: Okay?
Nafisatu Jalloh: Absolutely.
Christopher Hume: I will make the argument today. Don't you all worry.
Nafisatu Jalloh: Thank you.
bola olugboja: Thank you.
Christopher Hume: Are there any additional questions or anything I can help you with?
bola olugboja: Kind of before next week, I'm going to be waiting on my.
bola olugboja: April, this thing.
Christopher Hume: Dr Bola, have you not been set up with eprescribe yet?
bola olugboja: No.
Christopher Hume: Okay?
bola olugboja: I want to use it. Use the whole thing. And see how it works so that I can let the others know.
Christopher Hume: Dr Bola, I will send you a link to sign up for. The eprescription onboarding. I'll get you that this afternoon.
bola olugboja: Okay?
Nafisatu Jalloh: With me having access to job site, will you be able to send that to me too? I want Dr. Bola to try it first.
Christopher Hume: Yep. Absolutely. Nathi, I'll make sure you're included. The link. You don't have to sign up right away. But when Dr. Bola hopefully gives her thumbs up, you're more than welcome to sign up and and get turn e prescription turned out as well.
RAVF RAVF1: You said you used Tebra, right? Okay. You like it?
Nafisatu Jalloh: Yeah.
RAVF RAVF1: Okay. All right.
bola olugboja: Nothing. This is going to be. I need you to look at it because it's going to be more like tempera. Okay? This is chemi. We can't hear you. How are you?
Olorunkemi Feyisola -DJS-: I'm.
RAVF RAVF1: Good afternoon.
Christopher Hume: Hey. Kenny. Nice to. Nice to meet you.
Olorunkemi Feyisola -DJS-: My pleasure. Please.
Christopher Hume: Go ahead, Dr.
bola olugboja: Bowler. No, that's okay. Since you are not paying me, what do you want me to do the work?
Christopher Hume: Kenny, we were just saying with Jotsyc, we can help you with credentialing. So we get you off of either growth therapies or ALMA or offa institutional credential so you can be independently credentialed. For your payers. I know that's something Dr. Bola said was a lot of interest to all of you.
Christopher Hume: And additionally, we're rolling out our full EHR features. Emmy, have you used JAT Psych before?
bola olugboja: I don't think so.
Christopher Hume: Okay?
Olorunkemi Feyisola -DJS-: Say that again.
bola olugboja: Have you used jot psych before for documenting? For documentation.
Christopher Hume: Then, Cammy. What I'll do is I'll send you a link to sign up for Job Psych. And like I said, for Anne Marie, I'll make sure to give you an extended trial so you can try us out. And I'll send you information how to sign up for credentialing. Through us as well. Talk with my boss about getting you all a discounted rate.
bola olugboja: No promises to join on the ship.
RAVF RAVF1: Discount $100.
Christopher Hume: It's all heard. I promise I will take it right to him. I'm sorry.
Christopher Hume: That a little bit of. A speed run through the meeting right there, but do you have any questions? Would that be useful for you to get you set up with jot psych on an extended trial?
Olorunkemi Feyisola -DJS-: That's okay. All of them are my bosses.
Christopher Hume: Okay? Wonderful. So I will follow up. Emery and Kenny, you'll have links to sign up for job psych. Everyone else, I'll give you a link to sign up for credentialing. And bola. And Nafi, I'll send you a link for eprescription. And then I'll make sure. Yeah. Chat with Nate about pricing and see if there's any flexibility there.
Olorunkemi Feyisola -DJS-: So is whatever pricing that Misbolla is doing that I'm also doing.
bola olugboja: All of us on the line.
Christopher Hume: Of course I love.
bola olugboja: You don't want to lose this market. I'm telling you, I'm an influencer.
RAVF RAVF1: This is just a way you can imagine if you sign on.
Christopher Hume: I certainly appreciate that and understand. Yeah, we always say, and we're very serious. The only way we grow is what our customers refer us. So we really do appreciate it, Dr. B. And we understand kind of the value and the importance of you and some of your colleagues.
bola olugboja: I know you're about to run away, so being a clinical you, they want me to now part of their clinical adversary. So clinical. Adversary. What is it that being a clinical adversary? Because wherever you give me, then you extend it to my sister.
Christopher Hume: Is there anything. The benefits to the Clinical Advisory Board. Are early access to features. And then our advisors are eligible during our funding rounds to if they're interested in investing in jobs like, they can participate kind of with. Investing and then participating in the growth of the company, too. So those are the two main benefits that I know some of our clinical advisory board very excited about.
RAVF RAVF1: So why is that? To invest and get return on your investment.
Christopher Hume: Clinical advice report.
RAVF RAVF1: Yeah, you said when it's going on, they can invest in the business, too. Is that monetary investment or what is that?
Christopher Hume: Yes. So most of our clinical advisory board, to be honest, is there because they really enjoy providing feedback and they like getting their vision is kind of impacting the product, and they get early access to features because we kind of roll them out to them before anyone else. But some people are excited in the fact that so as a startup, we do have to raise money. So next time we raise money, whether that's next year or two years, three years. Anyone who's on our clinical advisory board and invest as well with our venture, with our venture backed companies and our institutional investors. So don't people find that interesting? So I just want to make sure I flagged it.
RAVF RAVF1: Okay, but people that have invested in the past, how much was the return on investment?
bola olugboja: Well, we haven't sold the company or gone public yet.
Christopher Hume: So to be determined.
RAVF RAVF1: Okay. All right. You see where I'm bored with everything, right?
Christopher Hume: No, I appreciate it. That's how I think too. Well as Dr. B. As you mentioned, I do have to run to another call in a few seconds, so I'll follow up with everyone with those links as promised. I'll give you access to my calendar as well. So if you have any questions next week, I'm happy to jump back on the line and sort them out.
bola olugboja: Okay, so make sure you tell.
Olorunkemi Feyisola -DJS-: Yeah.
bola olugboja: This is a big market. It doesn't want to lose.
RAVF RAVF1: Imagine. Don't sleep on it.
Christopher Hume: No, never.
bola olugboja: Would you? 10 people. How will you feel?
Christopher Hume: Not sleeping on it. Absolutely not. I will make the case to my boss. And I appreciate all your patience with it. And I couldn't. I make any changes on this call today? Well, it was so great to see some of you and meet some of you for the first time. If you ever need any support, just let me know and I'll be in touch over email soon.
Anne Marie Djpoumdjeu: Thank you.
bola olugboja: Perfect. Thank you. Thank you to have your number.
Nafisatu Jalloh: I need to talk to you about Deborah.
Christopher Hume: Yes, in the email I will.
RAVF RAVF1: From Dre, guys, thank you. Bye.
bola olugboja: Bye. Let me turn them off.
Olorunkemi Feyisola -DJS-: So now we can open moments of your time, Yes.
Olorunkemi Feyisola -DJS-: We are all. Here.
bola olugboja: Maybe we won't be able to because.
RAVF RAVF1: Maybe you will not be able to take him out if he's taking note.
bola olugboja: How are you? Okay.
Olorunkemi Feyisola -DJS-: Can I go ahead now?
bola olugboja: I'm in a meeting. I will send the link to her in a minute. I see that you reschedule. 123. Okay, Just rescheduling to anytime. But I need to leave by. For. Okay. Thank you. Push it out. What of the pre authorization? Yeah. So what can we do? What can we do? So I'm going to call everybody on WhatsApp because they are not taking. It's taken out.
Nafisatu Jalloh: Okay. Sure. Okay.
bola olugboja: Hello. How are you? How are you doing? Like the way you said that you're an influencer. Indeed. Because I've had that job. I'm not using it. I'm just praying for it. Every month. I'm like, oh, my God.
Olorunkemi Feyisola -DJS-: You want me to exit to the call?
bola olugboja: Yeah. So who else? Let me put Anne Marie. Anne Marie, come to the office. And come to the office.