Nichole McLeod: Hello?
Nathan Peereboom: Can you hear me okay?
Nichole McLeod: You hold on one second?
Nathan Peereboom: Sure.
Nichole McLeod: Hel. Lo.
Nathan Peereboom: Hey, can you hear me?
Nichole McLeod: Okay, I can. Hey, Nicole. My computer, sometimes. It had an issue earlier, so I had to.
Nichole McLeod: Just check the system.
Nathan Peereboom: Anyway, no worries. Hey. It's so nice to meet you. Thanks for scheduling. Tom, with me. I don't think we've met before, have we?
Nichole McLeod: No, I don't think so.
Nathan Peereboom: No. Okay, cool. Well, thank you for being a JOT site customer. My name is Nate. I'm the CEO and co founder of JOT Psych, and I would love to hear you're trying to get credentialed. Why? When, and what's holding you back right now?
Nichole McLeod: So I'm already credentialed. I'm bringing on. I've been in practice. We just opened up our own private practice. I have four nps.
Nathan Peereboom: Congrats.
Nichole McLeod: That's awesome. Yeah. I have used Johnson. I'm not a customer of jobstec right now. I have used shots. I really like it. And then you guys were starting to do, like, the billing and stuff like that, the credentialing. I really didn't have any issues. Jask was great. I used it when I was at my other job for probably over a year. It was fantastic. My notes were wonderful. The reason I.
Nathan Peereboom: You zipped my ears?
Nichole McLeod: Yeah. The reason I switched over was the price. And then when we went with our new ehr, they had an AI scribe embedded in it. So, you know, using that, it was $15. So that was really the big thing there. I did see, I did reach out when you guys started saying that you were going to be doing billing at some point. And I asked some questions, but it wasn't up and running then. And then I just saw this about the credentialing. And bringing on new nps. And I'm always looking for better technology and stuff like that specifically. So the credentialing would be amazing if it's a good price. I have a couple different people that I've talked to about credentialing. I've gotten anywhere from 900 for as many insurances as you want. To $350 per application. I think that you get what you pay for. With that being said, I did my first credentialer. I ended up having to do some of the work myself, which was very frustrating. You know, I'm definitely looking for an all inclusive, you know, thing. Right now we're with Jane. With the ehr system. It's great.
Nathan Peereboom: Prescribe. Because Jane doesn't have any prescription due, does it?
Nichole McLeod: MD Toolbox?
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. Well, we don't. There's so much here. Nicole. I mean, let me. Let me ask this. When you talk to credentials, what is the thing that's important to you?
Nichole McLeod: That they do the full job without, you know, me having to, you know. Reach out to them and have them, you know, not do the job.
Nathan Peereboom: Well, let me. Let me tell you kind of how we think about it. We don't make any money on credentialing we don't like. It's an enormous amount of work. We don't hire offshore talent. It's all an onshore thing. The way that we. The reason we do credentialing is because we want to give people such an amazing experience with credentialing. If they want to build with us, that's, like, actually where, like, we would act, we would make the money. And so the way that we've designed our credentialing product is to be focused on two things. One, speed. We want to get you credentialed as fast as possible. Every month that you are not credentialed or your team is not credentialed, it's just money out the door. Yep. Absolutely. And then the second thing is we want to be radically transparent. We want you to see exactly what forms have been submitted, exactly where you sit with every single payer.
Nathan Peereboom: And the reason why we have an advantage in that is that we are technologists, for better or worse, whether it's a dirty word or not like we are technology guys.
Nathan Peereboom: And so what we've built is a system that takes all of your information. And then just completely, like, decreases the cycle of iteration with the insurance company. Because the reason why credentialing takes 180 days on average for other credentialers. Is that what happens is, you know, it takes a few days to get your documents, then the credentialer sits on them. Then it goes to the insurance company, the insurance company sits on them. The document comes back, the credentialer sits on it, and all of those little gaps. Every inaccuracy, every cycle, every sitting on the paper. That's what extends this time. So our view is, hey, this is the exact thing that we are great at in our own technology. We're great at taking unstructured information or many, many kinds of documents and pushing them into a very structured form. And doing it really fast, instantaneously. That's the exact process that we're really good at. So what I would say to you is the great thing about our credentialing, and you saw. You saw the price on the website, we just price it straight down the center of the fairway. The average in the industry is $350 to start out, 300 per applications. We just do the normal thing. We're not trying to play any game there. But what you should understand is that this is us basically taking you on a date. It's us saying to you, nicole, hey, You know, you might want to get married to us one day. We're going to give you such a great experience and you can walk away if you don't like it. You can take our credentialing papers and take them to another EHR or another billing company. But it's our version of taking you on a date and saying, hey, let us show you how great we can. We can treat you and like, let's show you what we're all about from a value system standpoint. So let me. Let me pause. Does that resonate? Does that. Is that something that, like, seems like the kind of experience that you would want to have?
Nichole McLeod: Well, yes. Especially since, like I said, with. With the credentialing that I did with our person. I mean. Every. Every week or every couple weeks I had, you know, one. It took, like, almost six months.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, two.
Nichole McLeod: It. It was me constantly saying, hey, I didn't get an updated credentialing sheet. Where are we with these? You know, what's going on? Then it was, you know, I mean, even now, Where are we with? I'm still waiting on. This is. This is from last May. I'm still waiting on a couple insurances.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. That's crazy. That's really crazy. I mean. Insurance companies for all their morass and for all their misaligned incentives. They do have an incentive in having a large network of great clinicians.
Nathan Peereboom: And if you can show that you're licensed, that you do really good work, It's to their benefit to have you in network. So it shouldn't be that. But it is complicated. It's a very complicated process, which is why it's, you know, why it's such a bane for a lot of people. But again, for us, it's like, this is like, the fun for us. Like, we're not clinicians. We're just, like, really, really, really good at documentation. And that's what credentialing is all about. It's a documentation game. It's the ultimate chess game of documentation. So, I mean, here's what I would say. If you. If you want to do this, it's really straightforward. I can send you the 10 things that we need from you. You send them to us. You get a log into a portal, and you can see where every application is at any time. You've got my email, so you and I'll give you my cell phone number. You can text me, you can call me. The thing. The only thing I can tell you is it's going to be an experience unlike any credentialing experience that anyone's ever had. There's no credentialing company that does this well right now. And a big reason is because there's not really money to be made in credential. Like, no one's really making money on credentialing. But for us, again, it's the date. We want to take you on a date. And that's what. That's what this service is all about?
Nichole McLeod: And then here's my other question. Oh, my God. I just lost it. The credential. Oh, like at the very end. Contracts. Do? Do the contracts get loaded into, like, that portal? That we.
Nathan Peereboom: Well, we can give them to you however you want. They're yours. You own them. So, I mean, if you want them in a folder, if you want them mailed to you, if you want a little carrier pigeon with.
Nichole McLeod: I had to ask for all the contracts to be sent to me. I mean. It was. It was very. It was. Like, if you want to talk in terms of dates, it was probably the worst date experience I've ever had in my entire life.
Nathan Peereboom: Like, I would never.
Nichole McLeod: I would never do it again that. With.
Nichole McLeod: With that company.
Nathan Peereboom: Every good date ends with a contract. That's what I always say.
Nichole McLeod: It was the worst.
Nathan Peereboom: Unfortunately.
Nichole McLeod: They are my billing team right now. And the only reason they're my billing team right now. Is because, one, they have my, like, copies of my contract so they know what my, you know, what my rates are, right? And I've been working with this person for a while, and, you know. But they are offshore. I'm not. You know, they're not. I'm not 100% happy with it, but, you know, like, the things that I want. And I know we're talking about credentialing, but, like, I know you guys are going to be starting. Are going to be doing billing at some point.
Nathan Peereboom: So we just launched this, and let me. Let me. Let me make a recommendation to you. Okay, so we just a few months ago, we launched JOT Bill, which is the uniting of the AI System and the billing system. The core backbone of it, Nicole. Is this program called jot audit. So what you can do is we take all your payer rules or your pair documents, we create all these rules, and we audit every single note by the rule before sending it to billing. Now, in the note, you can actually see the audit. So we'll show you kind of our recommended score, as well as let me find one that actually has one. You can see our CPT code that we're going to charge for, and then we ask you to fix anything that we think is missing. So, you know, if you have to sign a PDMP before or, you know, before submitting a note, we make sure that that's really easy. Now, what we encourage folks to do to start out is this. We like to come in. And again, this is the kind of thing. It's another version of a date. We like to come in and help you understand what the heck is going on with your billing right now. Because you work with a billing company. And that's a, that's a big relationship to have. And so what we like to say is, hey, let us come in. Just give us access to your ehr and we'll tell you three things. One. What are you earning today? And what are you charging?
Nichole McLeod: 2.
Nathan Peereboom: Where's money getting delayed or lost? And then 3. What changes unlock the most impact for you? So the goal here is that you walk away with, you know, a true understanding of your billing situation. As well as a really good sense of who we are and how we operate and, like, how analytical we can be about this. And then if you. If you cheat, you can do whatever you want with us. If you want to bring it back to your biller and, you know, work it through with them, that's great. If you want us to help you with your billing. We do that for a lot of clinics at this point, but. But the analysis, again, it's just a toe dip. It allows you to just see, hey, what's happening? I don't want to make a commitment, but, like, I want to know what's. Happening.
Nichole McLeod: Okay, that is actually something I really would like and need. And here's my other question. Say we move forward with the. Do I have to have. Do you guys get into my ehr. Do we. You know, like, how does all that look?
Nathan Peereboom: Yep, that's exactly how we do it. So you give us access to your ehr, we pull down all the data and then we run. We run an analysis based on all the data. We have to have the data to do this.
Nathan Peereboom: We can't really do it without.
Nichole McLeod: Your jot like you guys, it seems like you have like your own sort of like ehr, essentially.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. When? Nicole, I'm going to look up your account. When's the last time you jumped into job psych?
Nichole McLeod: I think it was probably six months, seven months ago.
Nathan Peereboom: Oh, man, so much. Has changed. We've got e prescriptions. We got all sorts of things now that you probably missed. Okay? Let me do this. How does this sound? Well, I want you to make your decision. We'd love to do credentialing for you. We'd love to do the job. Bill. Analysis. Do either of those sound like something you want us to tackle right now? And I. Yeah, because I think if we're going to go down either of those routes, I'd be super happy to give you a few more weeks on the software just to see all the new, you know, stuff that we've got.
Nichole McLeod: But there's no pressure. No, that sounds like I. Like I said, I mean, I like Jane. I started with Jane with my other company. You probably know them. Lavender Psychiatry. Maybe not. I. So I worked with them for over a year, and then I started my own practice. I started with jots, like, pretty much from the start of working with lavender. I worked with, you know, as my AI scribe. Amazing. It got a little bit wordy at some point, you know, and that was kind of when I was like, you know, it was a little bit, you know, too much. But I. I will say, like, I felt like my notes were very well done. I felt like, you know. It hit everything that I really wanted. Like I said, somebody sent me an email probably like, a couple months ago about billing, but you guys weren't doing it yet. And so I. I was asking questions about it, but I think he was talking about something else. Like, I don't think we were on the same page.
Nathan Peereboom: Who are you talking to? Do you know?
Nichole McLeod: Let me see if I can. Oh, Jack, this was back in October 21st. I had spoken to. A Kramer sent me something.
Nathan Peereboom: Oh, Alex Kramer. Yep, that's right.
Nichole McLeod: Yeah. Yeah. So I feel like we were not on the same page about what I was asking. No. You know, he says, I asked a question. We're in the process of rolling out insurance failing as a beta feature.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, I mean, it's fully. I mean, we submit claims every day at this point. So, yeah, it was beta back then, but we are fully in the. In the water of doing billing at this point. And, you know, the thing to understand, Nicole, is that it's the same sort of philosophy across the entire suite of products. Our belief is we have an advantage in taking unstructured data, taking really, really, like, obtuse language like from pairs, and crafting documentation that's excellent for you. And so that allows us to submit really high quality claims, write pair aware notes. Auto appeal till the cows come home and you get paid and all that.
Nathan Peereboom: So, you know, I think the first step is honestly this jot bill analysis. It allows us to really, like, dig into your data and, you know, just get on the same page about what the environment is. And so if you wanted to do that, that would be my recommendation to start out. So I leave it in your hands. Though.
Nichole McLeod: Okay? And that's 3, $300 just for you guys to do that.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, we do have to staff people on it, which is why we have to charge for it.
Nathan Peereboom: But, you know, we. Again, this is another one of those things that we don't. We don't really make any money. Services.
Nichole McLeod: Well, I'm okay with that. Let's. Let's go ahead and do that.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, great. All I need is your EHR login. That's the only thing. Or where you can just make me like an account in your EHR and I can pull the data sometime this weekend and you can just cancel the account.
Nichole McLeod: Okay. All right. Other questions. So if so, say we do this stuff. Sorry. I'm, like, overwhelmed a little.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, Nicole, that's the exact kind of thing that we. I mean, don't worry about being overwhelmed at all. That's exactly why we're here. You know? Like, our view is our job is to just plow everything out of the way so you don't ever have to think about this. You can just practice clinical care. And do the really good work of training and coaching your clinicians, you know, recruiting patients, developing a clinic identity, like, just doing the really hard work that you, like, went to school to do. And our view is like, hey, we're weirdos. We like the admin stuff. We like all the weird, like, you know, the whole paperwork game. And so that sense of overwhelm you have, that's exactly what we're trying to take away from you.
Nichole McLeod: Okay, that's perfect. So two questions. One question would be. Could I get back into jot psych and just try it out and see, you know, maybe see, like, what you guys have so that I could see if maybe that would be something that I move us over to, like, all, you know, everybody?
Nichole McLeod: Yeah, I don't know if, like, you know, we would, like, if that. Would be like a whole ehr migration thing. Or if that would just be like, we are just using the tools that you guys have. Making sense to you. And then the other thing before I forget because I have ADHD brain, is right now I finally got my billers on track to like start reaching out to people about. You know, if people have issues with their insurance or if they have questions, they finally start like they're reaching out to people instead of sending it to me or sending it to my person who's, you know, being. She's like the. Our practice manager, so I don't know if that's something. You guys do as well. If you have people on staff that take care of that, reach out to patients, or if that's just something that you, like, say you find all these issues with billing and you just send it to us, and then we reach out to the patient.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. So it depends where the issue is taking place. So if we have different tiers of involvement, so at our lowest tier, We're doing eligibility checks. We're writing payer specific notes and we're submitting clean claims.
Nathan Peereboom: At the middle tier. We're reconciling your EHR with your, you know, with what you bill and what's in your contract. And we are also doing automated appeals, and we're keeping your pair rules up to date with the payers that you have. And then at the most involved level, you've got a personal billing manager. We do all of your patient payment stuff. So we, like, interact with your. We're your front desk, basically, and we're interacting with your patients in that way, but we don't get involved.
Nichole McLeod: That's what you want? I want somebody that literally takes that off my plate. Because. I'm doing everything on the other side of it, I'm. I'm seeing patients, I'm doing marketing, you know. Everything, everything that there is to do with the business I'm doing. And like. Like yesterday I was trying to just finish notes and I had phone calls coming in that I had to deal with up until 3:00. So I didn't finish my notes last night till 10, 10 o'clock at night. So. Yeah, that's something that, you know, I'm just. I, I would, you know, I would like somebody to take care of that side of it, especially if that if they're educated and they know what's going on and they know how to talk to the patients about, look, this is what your insurance. This is what they're going to allow. This is what the contracted rate is because I've already had issues with patients who are like, well, why do I have to pay this much? You're trying to charge me more, and I'm like, we're not trying to charge you more. This is what your insurance contracted with us. I can't. I can't make you pay less, and I can't make you pay more. Like, either way I go, it would be fraud.
Nathan Peereboom: You know, Nicole, do you. Do you charge people before the visit, or do you always charge after?
Nichole McLeod: Right now, we're charging the day of.
Nathan Peereboom: Day of. Okay, like the comment, they do the encounter, and then right after it's like the day of your charging.
Nichole McLeod: Well, but we were charging the day after, so. We kind of got that fixed a little bit. But now, you know, we're. So now we're kind of on top of things. But with my billers. I still have to go in there, and I have to check every person every week. For all.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, the thing we recommend I talk to hundreds of clinicians. Every several weeks. Like, I'm. I'm on the phone with clinicians all the time, so I hear about these different billing practices. The people who run the Titus shops, the people who are happiest with their relationship with their patients. From a financial perspective. Are the people who charge before the visit.
Nathan Peereboom: After the visit. It is litigious, you know? But if people just understand, hey, look, it cost $25 to see me. Like, that's just what it is. Like, I have to, like, pull this before patients get that. They really, really understand it. I'm not making even that recommendation to you right now. And again, we can look in your billing data and it might be. We look at your billing data, and it's like, hey, patients eventually Pay. You're losing $1,000 a year. It doesn't matter. Like, don't worry about it. Like, just be at peace with that, because there's some of that you're dealing with people. But I want you to know that it's a normal thing culturally to charge before a patient is actually seen. And a lot of times that just makes it. It's like a boundary's thing. It just makes people feel really clear. They understand what they're getting, they don't worry about it afterwards. And usually these copays or coinsurances, they're not that much, you know, they're not something that are, you know, really hard for people, where people are busy and people procrastinate and there's all sorts of stuff, so. Just something to keep in mind. But again, we'll look at that when we do. Your job. Bill. Analysis. So I tell you what, Nicole, I have to run because I've got another meeting coming up in a few minutes. I want to get some time, though, to show you the jot bill analysis, because what I'll do is I'll do it as soon as I can with the analysts and the engineers. We'll just get it. Get out the door for you. That's one thing. And then do you want us to start with credentialing for your other clinicians? Is that something you want to just start to clock on?
Nichole McLeod: Yes, I probably won't have. So I'm not going to. So the one that I hired, I'm probably not going to have her information because she is in North Carolina. And long story short, her RN license got expired, so I got to wait three weeks for that to happen. But I do have a thing out there. I'm trying to hire. I'm trying to hire four nps.
Nathan Peereboom: Wow. Okay.
Nichole McLeod: One I already hired, but like I said, her license, whatever. The other one I'm meeting next Friday, and then I would like to hire two other ones, so for credentialing. Yes. I think that I would like to go with you guys because I'd rather have a portal where I can see where everything is. That would be amazing. But I do want to do. I do want to move forward with the jots, like the bill analysis.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, great. How quickly can you get me access to your ehr?
Nichole McLeod: If you give me your email right now. I can do it now.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, great. I will send you this. Let's see. Nate app chatsych.com okay, great. I just sent it to you in this chat. And then can we just get the time on the calendar for the presentation? Because I think just want to give it to you fast.
Nathan Peereboom: How would Wednesday. Where are you located, nicole?
Nichole McLeod: I'm in buffalo, new york. Honestly. Wednesday? Yeah, Wednesday. Anytime from 2:35 till 5:15 I have available. Great.
Nathan Peereboom: Let's do 3pm. And here's what we're going to do. In that time, I'm going to present you jot bill like your analysis. But the other thing I want to do is we can present you drop bill analysis, and then we should just talk about what the. What it would look like to try billing with us. Just so you have the information.
Nichole McLeod: So that's what we'll do.
Nathan Peereboom: In that meeting. You don't have to bring anything, but you can bring any one you'd like to bring. So, anyone on your team who you think would benefit? We typically don't love to have an external billing company present just because it might be that we're like, hey, things are not good.
Nichole McLeod: No, I wouldn't have them with me.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay?
Nichole McLeod: All right, so I'm going to send this over to you right now.
Nathan Peereboom: And I've also given you, like, 10 more days on jots, like, so just jump in and play around with it whenever you get a chance.
Nichole McLeod: Okay, so I can just re up my login?
Nathan Peereboom: Exact same login.
Nichole McLeod: Yep.
Nathan Peereboom: So when you log in, you should just have some free time on it.
Nichole McLeod: Okay, Just let me know if you got this. I'm sending it now.
Nathan Peereboom: Let's see. And what ehr are you in, Jane? Let's see.
Nichole McLeod: I got to do it after because it's got to do facial recognition.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, that's totally fine. And then in terms of just access, just make sure that all of the billing you do bill through Jane. Right. I just assumed that.
Nichole McLeod: You just make sure that we have all the access for that. Do you need any access to Claim md?
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, that would be really helpful because that's probably where a lot of your stuff sits as well.
Nichole McLeod: Okay, so what I'll do is I will send you. I'll send you an invite to Claim md, too.
Nathan Peereboom: Beautiful. All right, let me send this, and we should be ready to rock and roll.
Nichole McLeod: Perfect.
Nathan Peereboom: Great. And invite. Okay, perfect. So it's on your calendar, and we'll talk Wednesday, all right?
Nichole McLeod: Perfect. Thank you so much. I appreciate it.
Nathan Peereboom: Lovely. Hey, thanks so much, Nicole. Really, really looking forward to this.
Nichole McLeod: Same. Thank you.
Nathan Peereboom: Take care. Bye. Bye.