Adam Harrison: Oh, hey, how are you?
Mia Soviero: Good. It's nice to meet you.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, great to meet you. How is your week going?
Mia Soviero: Pretty good, Pretty good. Not too busy. Nice.
Adam Harrison: Yeah. Awesome. And remind me, where are you based out of?
Mia Soviero: New York.
Adam Harrison: Okay. You're in New York as well.
Adam Harrison: So you're, You're. I'm in New York too. So you're. Are you ready for this?
Mia Soviero: I guess.
Adam Harrison: Big, like that's coming.
Mia Soviero: Yeah. Trying to be prepared.
Adam Harrison: Yeah. I feel like I keep hearing conflicting things. Like someone told me in the elevator yesterday, they're like, are you ready? It's gonna be like 10ft or 10 inches of snow. And then I looked and it only said like three inches or something. I don't know. So I don't really know. I just keep hearing that it's going to be cold and like a lot of snow, but I don't actually know really what to expect effect.
Mia Soviero: But yeah, I. I feel like they always say that there's going to be so much snow and the reality is never what they predicted. It's always less snow. So I'm hoping that's the case and we're not totally snowed in.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, I hope so. But I'm expecting we'll probably be inside a lot this weekend, so. Well, yeah, I think. Well, thanks for kind of like booking time and thanks for going through our kind of wonky process here. I know it's like, you know, a little bit unique and might feel a little odd, but we just, yeah, we have our own quirks, which I'm sure you're, you're coming to realize. So. So yeah, really, really appreciated, like, all the work you put into your two submissions. I think Nate, you know, also spoke very highly of you when he had kind of, you know, your initial conversation last week. So I think purpose of this call was just sort of for like, for us to get to know each other a little bit more too. So. So some of my questions will be probably a little repetitive with what you probably already shared with Nate. Okay. But yeah, really just hoping to like, learn more about you, kind of understand like what excites you, kind of what you're looking for in your career and just in your next role, like in a more near term lens. And then from my end, I can kind of like just share a little bit more about myself, give kind of like my background. I know we've just been like trading emails and stuff and wanted you to be able to put a face to, to a name and then we can kind of talk about like where we go from here as well. Does that all sound good or any. Anything else you. You think is, like, on your mind at this point?
Mia Soviero: No, that. That all sounds great.
Adam Harrison: All right, awesome. So I guess with that, would love to just kind of get a little bit more of, like, the background on Mia and who you are and. Yeah, we kind of start there.
Mia Soviero: Yeah. Well, as I told Nate, I am a storyteller at heart. I started really young storytelling and writing, and then at around 12 years old, I was enrolled in a special school program that was a communications program. And as part of that program, half of my day was dedicated to filmmaking. So I created documentaries and ads and short films. And I really fell in love with filmmaking as a tool for storytelling and also a tool for persuasion and with the creation of advertisements. And I sort of, around the same time, I fell in love with science. And everything sort of came together around when I started undergrad, where I began creating content for different social media platforms. YouTube, TikTok, Instagram Reels most recently, that was science related and very quickly developed a following and was creating videos almost every single day. So going through the entire end to end process of content creation, from scripting and storyboarding to actually filming it and editing it, and the process of going back and forth to finalize the product. And I was doing that almost every day. So I got a really good film feel for the process and became very good at streamlining it. And I also became really independent at that process because I was doing all of this at the time just for myself and for my own personal content creation for my socials. And then as my social media grew, I began doing UGC content and branded content and had a lot of great experiences with brands where I was getting to create for them and go through that same end to end process for them. And I really enjoyed that. And so I sort of have been looking for, in a role, a way to bridge all of these different aspects. So the content creation that I have loved for so long, storytelling and persuasion through ads, but also a little bit of science. And I've had a hard time finding a role that kind of meshes all of those aspects and sort of in a. In a similar vein, another thing that drew me to this role is I have a lot of experience with leadership. I ran a branch of the Special Olympics for about seven years, and then most recently two years ago, I founded my own nonprofit. And so for two years I've been running that. So I really enjoy being in a position that allows me to make creative decisions, um, and allows me to have a little bit of freedom even when I'm working collaboratively. I really enjoy being able to make these creative decisions. And so this role, I was just so drawn to it. And when Nate reached out to me on LinkedIn, I was really excited about it because the content marketer role, which is. What I talked to Nate about being most interested in that I had seen you guys soliciting applications for. It's just such a rare opportunity in that it bridges all of these things for me. And I've never really had the opportunity to have an application or have a role come across my desk that really encompassed all of these things that I love to do. And this role does that perfectly. So that's a little bit about where I, yeah, what I've been doing. I'm really, I'm a scientist who just loves creativity and I've been in the science sphere, the healthcare sphere. So I have, you know, the, I know the jargon, the knowledge, the scientific knowledge and medical knowledge to be able to relate to healthcare professionals, specifically behavioral health specialists. And so this just seems like a really great way to use all of that knowledge and those skills that I've built up over the last 12 years or so. So, yeah, that's, that's really what drew me to this.
Adam Harrison: Awesome. Well, yeah, thank you. That's really, yeah. Really awesome to hear about your, your background and glad this feels like such a strong, you know, like we're obviously very excited too. Maybe one, one question, one follow up question. So the way the role is written, you know, content marketing, it's like it's very broad, broad in terms of all the different things that people need to do. And we kind of recognize that like different people are going to have different strengths across those different things or different things that excite them and give. Give you energy. So we're willing to, I think, be somewhat flexible in how we construct things. So maybe, maybe, you know, if it helps to kind of like dimensionalize the role. I think there's a few, a few different elements. One is actually kind of what you mentioned about. There's a broader, like how do we tell the story of Jotsy and how do we, you know, sort of a higher level framing, a higher level kind of strategic, overarching thing. Yeah, so that's, that's maybe one part I. Another part is probably more in the world of like copywriting and you know, writing things on our blog and making sure that we're sort of like a thought leader in the behavioral health space.
Adam Harrison: Or maybe there's some more higher production videos where we're like interviewing clinicians and we're talking about our impact and we might even be going on site and doing interviews and then stitching together a beautiful kind of like video that we can put on our homepage or something. Right. That's like other examples so that, you know, I would put that in, like, the more organic. Content, maybe longer form, both written and like video and some, maybe some like static imagery stuff as well if we want to have a nice kind of, you know, banner that we want to put on a LinkedIn post or something.
Mia Soviero: Right.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, so that's one. I think two is more in the like performance marketing world. So we advertise a lot on meta as a platform. It's just like where a lot of clinicians spend their time and we target more of like mom and pop, like smaller clinics as opposed to like big hospital systems. And so our go to market is a little bit more. Yeah, a little bit more like marketing led versus like really heavy sales led, like going and knocking on doors and stuff like that. So the content and the things that are going to perform well from like a paid marketing standpoint are going to be a little different than like that first category. So there's, that includes kind of like. But I think, you know, the overarching messaging and strategy is probably similar.
Adam Harrison: It's probably delivered differently. So I think that could include things like static creative that we're testing and shipping on a weekly basis. So that could include like basically like some of the things that you created. Right. Those would be things that we would probably, rather than just posting organically, we'd be doing like, we'd be spending like a hundred dollars a day just like showing, showing something to everyone and seeing how many people go to the website. It's create an account and so yeah, there's some static stuff which could be created with a combination of things like Canva or Figma or AI tools or even just photography of stuff. You know, if there's something like more out of the box you want to do. Yeah. And then the last category is like more performance video, which is probably more of like kind of what you, you've sent in. Yeah. Even like more short form. It could be kind of like UGC style, but it also could be like a totally different video format. It could be a testimonial. It could just be like an overview of the job site screen, doing something cool or you know, so there's I think what we're sort of looking for. Well, yeah, let me, let me pause there. I think those are all the different like dimensions of the role and there's opportunity to maybe like lean into different areas more or less. So I'm curious your reflections on like how those things sound to you and like. Yeah. Where you feel excited, where you feel less excited, where you feel. Feel from like your skill set also, like where you feel confident and where you feel like, oh, I might want, like more support in this area.
Mia Soviero: Yeah. Well, all three of the categories that you outlined seem like things that I've worked on before. I'm really quite used to with my own nonprofit and running that and having a hand in all of these different. All of the different departments that are nonprofit and everything that's going on within the teams and then within the marketing team also everything that's going on. I'm familiar with having to balance different categories of types of work at the same time. And that's actually something I really enjoy and I'm looking for in a role which is I looked at the content marketer notion that you guys have and seeing all of the sort of how broad the scope of work was on that and how it encompassed all of those things that you just outlined was actually something that was appealing to me because I am not the type of person who enjoys just doing the same thing all the time. I like variability in my work, so I like having a lot of different responsibilities. As for what excites me the most, I really like the idea of video content is what excites me a lot with my background in filmmaking.
Mia Soviero: So the third category of performance video and testimonial really appeals to me. But also in the first category you mentioned, like higher production videos and on site filming interviews, that also really appeals to me. And the copywriting is also something I'm interested in because I have a lot of experience with writing as well, specifically doing writing for blogs and websites to promote, for example, a product or an organization, gain volunteers, gain more, like get more sales from people. So that's something that I'd also be interested in. So I think more on the video side is what I'm most excited about because that's really where my love for storytelling and advertising has come from. But all the categories that you outlined are things that I have experience in and would feel comfortable and excited about doing.
Adam Harrison: Okay, awesome, awesome. Um, well, cool. That all sounds great. I think definitely there will be like opportunity across all those different things to start. Um, as you probably have noticed by our like, interview process, we're probably a little bit more over indexing in the near term on the like performance marketing, like paid marketing stuff. Yeah. Um, so I think we probably are going to want to like kind of get things rolling there and feel like things are working and then probably focus more on some of those other categories. I think I'll sort of outline what like my. Yeah, I'll share a little bit now about kind of my background. Background and what, you know, world has looked like. So I started out my career in management consulting. So spent, you know, two, three years in that world, learned a lot, built a really strong foundation, but ultimately didn't want to do that for my like long term career. So I from there moved over to the private equity world where I was working like hand, very hands on with companies in a day to day with like helping to basically identify and implement different like initiatives for these companies that could improve, like, that could help them grow faster or help them be more efficient. You know, pretty like broad sort of scope. Yeah. And then that was where I met Nate. So we were both at that firm together and you know, I think always had the interest in sort of building something myself or being part of like a small team as opposed to being more of an advisor is what caused me to this time last year, like make the jump and join the team here with Nate and everyone else and be. Yeah, kind of building something from a very early stage which was always something I really wanted to do. So my role has been sort of a very generalist role where I have kind of been deployed in different areas to just sort of like do whatever needs to be done. And so as a result, you know, one of the things that I've taken on is sort of like some of our work on the marketing side. So I am, you know, I helped like lead and ship some of the early advertisements we did on meta, which are like definitely varying quality, you know, to put it, to put it nicely or diplomatically. I am now kind of leading an effort to rebuild the website from the ground up. So we're really getting tighter and better on our design and you know. Yeah, so I've kind of been in that world a bit and. But I've also been doing a lot of other things I'm helping to right now sort of stand up our billing offering. That is sort of my primary focus at this point. So I think what I am ideally looking for is someone who can operate with a pretty high degree of independence. That is sort of like a thought partner to me. I don't, you know, I don't have an interest in being too directive in terms of like Mia, I want you to make this video. I want it to look exactly like this. Yeah, I want this frame. You know, even though some of my feedback was maybe like pretty nuanced ideally I would love if you can just sort of like run the show pretty independently and then we can like just be continuously like posting and you know, sharing new content. Yeah, and that's sort of like my goal out of all this. So what I would love to do as like a next step from here is sort of like continue, continue with like an expanded version of kind of what we did over this past week. But I, I kind of want to leave it a lot more open ended actually. And yeah, sort of like, I think the goal would be to have a mix of like both some kind of video and probably also some kind of like static content we could post from a performance marketing standpoint. So things that we could put into meta. So I think Nate said for example, like the last video you shared because you're like in there, you know, we shouldn't like post that obviously because we don't. Yeah. Because Nate said there was some like context around that, which is totally fine. Yeah. So yeah, I think the goal would be like over the next week or two. You know, we're, we're flexible on timing but would love if I can just sort of be like more of a person that you know, you, you ask questions to or test ideas with and I can share a lot of the context on like, okay, what actually is job site? Who are our customers?
Adam Harrison: What are the different products? Like what are the different hooks that exist? Like, I think I would love to be a resource for you on sort of like a job site expert or and like an expert on like customers and who they are. Just because I've been here for the last year. But then I would love if you could sort of take that and come back with a few different like production ready things that we can, that we can like go and test and we'll like pay you obviously like an hourly sort of rate for your time and then yeah, we can kind of go from there. But I guess I'm curious questions on anything I've shared so far. We can talk more about the details of what that would all look like. But yeah, I'd love to get to a point where you know, you're sort of operating independently and sort of like pulling me in where it's like, hey Adam, I have this new idea before I go like spend hours actually like doing it.
Adam Harrison: Does this sort of make sense to you? So, so that's like kind of what I'm solving for. How I would love this to look and in the long term, right. If you say like Adam, actually I need someone who is like a designer that I can work with and you know, who can do some of these ideas I have. Right. Because I think your expertise, the way we see it is really in, like, the storytelling and the vision. And so if you end up saying, like, hey, I need a few folks to maybe, like, manage and help kind of, like, make things happen, we can. We can definitely, like, Get, you know, to talk about that as well at like a future stage. So that's sort of like, yeah, that would be at least my like dream scenario. I'm curious your reactions to that and yeah. Any thoughts?
Mia Soviero: Yeah, well, you mentioned that what you see in this role is someone who's mostly independent and can come to you and sort of get your expertise about jot psych and how the product functions and the clientele function. And that's exactly what I actually wanted to, to ask you a little bit about today was because I, when I was creating this first, over this past week, this first sort of iteration of things, this little project, the thing that I, I was using, you know, my own little research from the, from the website and from, from Googling you guys and getting information from the podcast appearances that Nate's been on. But it would be really great to be able to talk to you about, okay, what are we seeing with the clients? What are they liking? What are they not liking? Do they have any hang ups about jot psych? So questions that pop into my mind from a content perspective and specifically from a performance marketing perspective are about what we could change about the way people think about jot psych that might convince them to then want to convert to using your product. So things that like I. One that comes to mind and that I mentioned to Nate is that I think some clinicians might be under the impression that jot psych is making clinical decisions for them. So that's something that I implemented in this last week. This idea that you still have authority as a clinician, it's not making the decisions for you, it's just streamlining the whole process for you. And that's something that, like if that were a recurring theme from talking to you and getting ideas about what the clientele are saying was a problem, that would be something that I would implement in content. And so yeah, that I love this idea. I, I'm a really quite independent person. I function really well without a whole lot of direction. I mean I've, I built my own company from scratch starting with zero people, and I had to do the work of an entire team by myself. So I'm really quite familiar with being self sufficient. So I really like that, I like the independence. But it'll also be really great to be able to collaborate with you in terms of getting some more ideas from your side of things given how long you've been here and, and how much you know about the product and the clientele. Awesome. That all sounds really, really great to me. I would love to get a little more insight about what the long term looks like, like what the next steps might be after this one to two week project. Yeah, that would be really helpful.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, absolutely. So I think so first of all, what I would suggest is we can do sort of maybe a longer call next week where we can actually like, I can kind of do a brain dump of a lot of the questions you have and just share a bunch of context and like how we're evolving our positioning. Because I think it's really hard to actually come up with some of the concepts that you want to test without having all the context, you know, so I'd love to do that to start. I think probably how I see the next steps playing out from here would be, you know, we would pay you like an hourly amount for the next like one to two weeks or however long it takes to get to like. Yeah, a first set of like deliverables. And then, you know, I think, I think the preference from our side is to have this be like an ongoing contract relationship to start that where you know, the number of hours you're spending are ramping up. And then after a period of like, you know, if, if it's getting to a point where like you're spending all your time on this, then you know, we would look at like a full time situation. But we do have some flexibility. We're kind of trying to figure out what that looks like too. So I'm curious, do you have preferences around like what you would like this to look like? Because we can incorporate that into like how we approach this.
Mia Soviero: Yeah, yeah, the contract style sounds good to me. I had discussed with Nate that right now I'm open to part time work at about 20 hours per week is what I can put in right now. And then I can scale upwards from there maybe to full time. I'm capable of full time after the end of March. I wrap some things up at the end of March and I have a lot more free time after that. So. Yeah, but for right now, starting contract style and then seeing how the collaboration feels, maybe locking something in more long term later. Sounds really good to me.
Adam Harrison: Yeah. Okay, perfect. Do you have like a strong preference towards like, hey, I want you know, full time W2 as my goal in March or are you more like, hey, I'm open to either arrangement or hey, I prefer actually to do contract because I have my own business. Like, we're super flexible in terms of like, you need, if you want to think about it, that's fine too.
Adam Harrison: We can just make an evolving thing. But I just want to make sure we're like, you know, because we're, we're still like figuring out exactly how we're going to structure things on our end. So it's just helpful to know like what, what's ideal for you.
Mia Soviero: Yeah, I think I'd be comfortable with either, but I think right now I'm leaning more towards being excited about moving more full time after March.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, perfect. That's helpful. Helpful context. That all sounds good. Did you and Nate talk about sort of, like, an hourly rate for your. For your time, or is that something that we should, like, come back to you on?
Mia Soviero: We did not discuss that yet, no.
Adam Harrison: Okay. Do you have a typical, like, range that you tend to. Tend to, like, go for? If not, we can also just, like, Come back to you with. With something.
Mia Soviero: Yeah, yeah. My typical range is something that was a little in alignment with what I'd seen on the scope of work for the. The JD for the content marketer position. So if that's something that you guys are comfortable with, that's aligns with what I typically charge.
Adam Harrison: Okay, perfect. We'll. We'll try to get our, like, our. Ourselves a little more organized there. Come back to you.
Adam Harrison: So what I will do is I'll send you an email either later today or maybe it might be over the weekend, depending on how the rest of the day goes, but just sort of outlining all the next steps and, you know, an arrangement on kind of the contract rate and make sure you're getting paid for your work. I think Nate paid you for this last. For this first project. So, yeah, I'll just try to, like, set everything out so it's like, okay, Mia, Adam, Nate, we're all on the same page with, like, what we're doing, where we're going. Yep. And then I would love to find some time with you next week, maybe sometime early next week if you'd have. Where we can do sort of like just a brain dump of, like, everything. Job site and marketing and customers. I'll definitely have a bunch of stuff to just share. And, you know, you can come with, like, questions and reactions to that. If you have specific questions you want answered, like, feel free to kind of bring those as well. No obligation to prepare anything, though. So, yeah, if that sounds good to you. Is there a time next week that works for you, like either maybe Tuesday or Monday afternoon or something like that?
Mia Soviero: Yeah, I think Tuesday. Let's see. Tuesday, I'm most available, and I'm available before 1 and after 2.
Adam Harrison: Okay. How about we do. Can we do like, 10am Tuesday?
Mia Soviero: Yep.
Adam Harrison: Okay. I'm gonna send an invite. Context on job site. Great. All right, so I sent that. I will get you. I have to jump to a customer call now, unfortunately, but I will get you an email that just, like, sets all this out so it's all, like, clearly outlined what's going on, and then. And then we can talk on Tuesday.
Mia Soviero: That sounds great. All right, I look forward to it.
Adam Harrison: All right, thanks so much, Mia.
Mia Soviero: Thank you.
Adam Harrison: All right, take care. Have a nice weekend.
Mia Soviero: You too.