Adam Harrison: You based out of?
Lucy Cheng: I'm in New York City, so a lot of sludge on the sidewalks after the storm, but it's okay, we're coping. What about you? You're in dc?
Adam Harrison: Yeah, I'm in DC right now. A lot of the company is based out of dc, but. Right. But I actually am in New York normally, like that's where I am full time. So I just come down here from time to time to like co locate with the rest of the team. But yeah, D.C. they really haven't like done a good job of plowing things at all. Like New York seemed a lot better when I was there earlier this week. So.
Lucy Cheng: Yeah, that's the main thing is like the crosswalks.
Lucy Cheng: I'm like looking at little trails of where to go, but it's okay.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, it's. It's not the best. It's not the best, but you know, we're making it work. I think we were supposed to get more this weekend, but it looks like that isn't happening anymore.
Adam Harrison: Probably for the best. Yeah. Awesome. Well, thanks so much for like applying to the role and for, you know, booking time for this, this initial call. Purpose of this call is just to sort of like number one, get to know you a little bit better and understand more about, you know, your background, your experience, you know, what you're kind of looking for next. And then I can also share a little more detail on the role, answer any initial questions you have and I can talk you through what like the next step is in our process, if that, if that works for you.
Lucy Cheng: Awesome. Yeah. Should I do a little tell me about yourself or do you want to start first?
Adam Harrison: Yeah, no, that would be awesome if you don't mind. And then I can like go afterwards.
Lucy Cheng: Perfect. So I recently just finished my master's in business analytics at Columbia and I did my undergrad at UC Berkeley where I double majored in business administration and data science. And throughout school and also just like my professional work, I've always sat at this intersection of like creative storytelling content and also analytical thinking. So on the marketing side, I just finished my internship at SoFi where I was on the lifecycle marketing team for student loan refinance. And there I was shaping onboarding, educational email flows and really content that served for 600,000 members. And there I learned a lot about like funnel optimization, AB testing, iterating, and really like learning from content to drive activation and conversion all in all parts throughout the funnel and also in parallel, which I think talks more to this role. I built a short form content engine on TikTok where my focus is really translating like complex products into really clear, concise, high converting videos. And so there have been over $6 million in sales and I think there's other numbers on my resume but I feel like we're dropping them. But there I do a lot of content for some of the largest beauty and CPG companies. So really to take a product and talk to it and drive sales for those companies like l', Oreal, Maybelline, et cetera. And for me what ties everything together is that full loop of story insight like what you really want to make the video about and and also being able to learn from it iterate on it based on its performance. So I think for me it's that creative and then also that analytical of looking what's the next step, how do we make it better, etc. And so I'm excited for this role because it seems more like end to end where you can conceptualize and then also look at the performance and iterate. So yeah.
Adam Harrison: Excited. Yeah. Awesome. Well thanks so much for the, for the background and yeah, super exciting all the stuff you're doing. So really, really cool to see. Yeah. Some of the impact you've had. One I guess one initial question in terms of like your ideal setup here because we do have some flexibility. What does that look like for you? Are you looking for more part time contracts, you know, more hours long contract or or like a W2 kind of role that at this point in in your search?
Lucy Cheng: I think currently just based on the job listing, I feel like I'm definitely open to the contract and maybe doing like 25 to 35 hours something along those lines. Like I think part time is where I would thrive. The best context. I also I did full time internship for SOFI during the summer but then I had school and also content and was doing part time with them like last semester. So I think being able to kind of flex and be put into content and also different projects that you guys really need help on is where I would want to sit. But also definitely into if there's a really good fit and you think that it would be great for me to join the team full time. I'm definitely open to that. But I think definitely starting with that contractor like you guys had in that job posting, I'm definitely open to.
Adam Harrison: Cool. Yeah, that's probably like what works best for us also. So yeah, we can definitely like keep going down that path. Well cool. Let me share a little bit more about, you know, where we are and kind of like what we're looking for and I can also just tell you a little bit about my background as well. So yeah, I, you know, I started out my career in consulting and then I was in private equity operations. That was where I met Nate, who's the CEO and co founder at Shots Like. So I joined Job Site right around this time last year. I've really been in a kind of generalist, founder adjacent role, so working on. Whatever is sort of like most pressing at any given time. And so over time some of the responsibilities that I've kind of come into have been more on the like marketing and go to market side of things. So for example right now we're redoing our website so I'm kind of like managing that whole process. All of our advertising that we do on Google and Meta, those are like two primary channels setting up like our life cycle marketing. We use, we used to use Klaviyo, now we use customer IO for that and also kind of like working with the go to market and sales team as well. So yeah, it's kind of a broad ranging role. What we are looking for are people who are like stronger on the creative and content side of things. That's definitely not like my strength or really like anyone on the team's strength. So we're definitely more kind of like analytical and operational but just not as strong in that like you know, content and design and creative and everything around that. So I think probably there's sort of like a near term project and then there's potentially like other things that might emerge like down the line too. So for example, the first near term thing that we're really trying to kind of tackle is around the creative content that we're putting into Meta for advertising. So like paid performance marketing, both static, like you know, kind of ads or static content as well as more dynamic like video or motion. Like it could be more like UGC style or it could be like really any format of video. Like we're kind of agnostic to what it actually is as long as it like kind of works right. So, so yeah, I think my ideal setup here would be someone who I can, who, who is excited to have a lot of I think flexibility and sort of freedom to try out different ideas and be creative and, and like explore things. And I'm happy to be kind of like a resource and a partner and help you like test ideas or share more things that I'm hearing from like the front lines with customers or share of like how different concepts have performed that we've tried in terms of pain points or hooks or messaging or formats or anything else. But yeah, really looking for someone who's excited about doing a lot of not just the creation itself and execution. Executing on you know like a very tightly scoped out brief, but someone who also wants to think more expansively about like oh, what are some like you know, interesting things we could try. So that is probably like the near term thing we're looking for. And then over a longer horizon there's like so many things we could do with content that we're not doing today. So that could be you know, kind of like different blog posts that we have for like SEO or lead magnets on the website for sales or like longer form video formats that maybe are like fireside chats with our CEO or customer testimonials. Organic stuff we haven't really done a lot of yet, whether it be on LinkedIn or other places. Right. So definitely lots to like chew on and go after life cycle marketing as well. If you're. It seems like you've already done some of that, you know, we always and be you know, improving that. Right. So. So yeah that is like a little bit of background. What questions does. I'm sure that like raises some questions for you. So what curious your reactions and like questions that you have on to any of that for sure.
Lucy Cheng: First I want to say I am excited about sort of that like what you're saying about having different ideas and being able to execute them and having that creative. I'm really excited about just like for context like if I get like a product I try to make like or I think of like five different ideas just for like a single like for example like a lipstick or something like what actually makes people like convert. So I think that that's really exciting to me is what you're laying out with what you want. And I think also like a huge question I had is what content is really like driving the most impact right now or like what's working. I know you mentioned meta and is it more so the static posts that are performing well or is it those videos and what do those videos look like currently that are performing?
Adam Harrison: Yeah, it's a great question. So mostly it's been static that's been performing and actually I'll share like the next step here is a take home and a lot of like I have examples of ads that like worked and didn't work and those are all in there. But yeah, mostly the static has been performing well. But that I think is also because we just haven't tested very much video. We did do some kind of like AI generated video with AI voiceover and it was. I just don't think like the quality is quite there yet for some of that, you know, for, like, fully AI, end to end generated. At least. Like, when we tried it six months ago, it wasn't. It might be different now. It's moving so fast. But, yeah, a lot of the things that resonate are kind of around. I can share if you have, like, a few extra minutes. I can like the document now. Okay. But yeah, I guess that is just one thing to be aware of is it is like, you know, I know you work, you worked or are still working for SoFi, so definitely like soft.
Lucy Cheng: I ended my internship. Sorry, wanted to clarify that.
Adam Harrison: Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, gotcha. So yeah, it's like probably, you know. Well, that's one question I have is like the type of content you would do for more of like a physical consumer product versus like a software product. Maybe. Maybe it's actually like doesn't matter and you could do like the same kinds of things or maybe they're like slightly different because it's. Yeah, it's like it's not like a tangible thing.
Lucy Cheng: I guess so I feel like at SoFi we focused a lot on like I'm sure you guys also like think about like the funnel and stuff but like educational content to sort of like nurture the customer because like we're essentially trying to drive them to our software to like apply for a student loan with us. So it's not like a physical product, like awareness and sort of like nurturing. And then also whenever it would get further down into the funnel like if they already we called it like a quality start. If they submitted their information. I'm sure you guys have something similar. Then we would execute on different deals, different offers we have for them. So I think that is what I would try to lean in on is that education piece maybe.
Lucy Cheng: But also I'm curious if that's worked for you in the past.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, yeah, our funnel. So we don't have really like separate campaigns for like top of funnel, middle funnel, bottom of funnel. We're I guess maybe a little more focused on, on like mid to bottom of funnel. How it kind of works is we have our like ads will basically like push you to the website to start a free trial, create an account and then we'll retarget people. So we have like a separate campaign that's a little more bottom of funnel, like retargeting people who visited the website and created an account. And then our like activation metric is when they actually create their first shots like note in the product. And that is like how we're measuring, you know, conversion or like, you know that would be our like CPL metric is when you create a note but let me just share for two minutes what the take home would be. And I'm going to just like kind of speed through this because I'll send it over email for you.
Adam Harrison: But basically the next sort of assignment here is going to be just two deliverables a static and one short form video could be 15 seconds, 10 seconds, 30 seconds. You know, whatever you think is best. And the idea is like this is something that you know, is like a potentially shippable ad that we could just put into our account and we might actually do it if it's like good quality and all that. So full transparency. You know, we are paying 150, you know, for you to like do this task because we actually might ship it. So we want to make sure that you're actually like being compensated for that. And we might do like a little bit of back and forth, but we're pretty, you know, there's, it's, it's pretty up to you in terms of what these things are. It's really open ended. So definitely encourage you to, you know, brainstorm different ideas and you can even like test things with me before you go if you want to like, yeah, kind of go back and forth over email with any questions. But what I included here is basically like a bunch of context that'll help sort of explain, okay, what is the product, you know, who is it for, what are the pain points, how does it work? But really like to kind of cut to the heart of it quickly. Right. Draft leg is primarily for behavioral health clinicians and within that it's mostly psychiatrists. So those are people who are like prescribing medications versus therapists that are more just doing talk therapy. What the. The main benefit is spending less time on your notes, you know, kind of like relieving stress around burnouts. That's, that is what has converted the best for us. So it's just like time and after hours charting and like burnout in kind of the field. There's some, these are sort of things that we in session distraction hasn't really worked as well. And these are sort of like newer angles. We haven't really tested as much but this is sort of like where we're going next, like helping you get paid for your work better. And then I have a few examples of like static static ads that we have done that have actually worked well and then a few things that like maybe haven't worked as well. So yeah, we, what I would suggest and like what we put here is like create an account, explore the product. You know, you can review in the meta ads library like our ads and maybe our competitors ads. If you're just kind of need some more kind of inspiration, you can send me any ideas or questions that you have if you want like totally optional, if you want to just run with something that's totally fine too. And yeah, then we would just ask that you kind of come back within, like, a week or so, and then we may do, like, a little bit of iteration back and forth. And then if that all goes well, we'll kind of like do a longer, more like certain amount of hours per week kind of thing where we would just like, do this on a more regular, ongoing basis. So any questions on this, Lucy? I know it was like, a lot, but I will also send this to you so you can have it just like, to reference. But yeah. Any, like, initial burning questions? I guess.
Lucy Cheng: No questions on the assignment. I just had a question on if you know, like, an exact number of like, time save or anything that you guys.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, so it's. It's a good question. So I would say usually it's like one to two hours per day per clinician. Or what we tend to say is like, you could save 90% of your time on notes. That's usually. Usually like what we will.
Adam Harrison: And then the numbers will anchor on.
Lucy Cheng: And then can I ask, are there, like, compliance? Not. Not issues, but I feel like I'm just not scarred. But, like, from SoFi, there was a lot of compliance things. So is there any, like, compliance on, like, the numbers you can use or any, like, language or anything that I need to know, like, off the bat for claim?
Adam Harrison: No, I don't think so. No. And if there is something that comes up, which is, I think will probably be okay, like, we're much more scrappy. And then so far, like, we don't. We don't even have like a compliance department, so. Right. So. But yeah, nothing off the bat to be. To be worried about.
Lucy Cheng: Awesome. So I'll get that to you definitely within a week. I'll try to honestly get it done over the weekend and have it to you. I also might email you with questions. I feel like the back and forth kind of like I might pitch you some ideas and then just let me know, like, hey, this might not work, or, you know, something like that, I think.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, yeah, definitely feel free because I feel like it's really hard to do these things without context. So, yeah, anything I can provide, just like, feel free to let me know.
Lucy Cheng: I should be able.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, email works great. And then if we need to, we can do like a super quick phone call or something. But yeah, email is like, best to start and I'll be able to get back to you usually within like 24 hours or so.
Lucy Cheng: Awesome. Perfect. Well, thank you so much for taking the time to chat with me, Adam. I'm excited to work on.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, thanks so much, Lucy. I really appreciate it. I'm looking forward to it.
Lucy Cheng: Thank you so much. Have a good rest of your day. Stay warm.
Adam Harrison: You, too. Stay warm. All right. Bye.