Lee Harrold: Let me share my screen. We will send you a link or it will be available in the Chrome Store. In either case, you'll find a page like this one. It will have more than one fixture. You click this Add to Chrome button, it's going to ask you if you want to add the jetsec Note channel. It'll tell you the permissions that it needs from your web browser. In this case, it's capable of reading and changing your data on all websites and displaying notifications. I'll note we need to be able to read change your data on all websites because we don't know what EHR you're using. All right, so after pressing that button, it's been added so you can find and activate that extension by clicking this puzzle piece at the top right of your browser. It'll be just on the right side of the URL bar. When you click that, you're opening the extension. Menu, you can go ahead and find the jawsag Note Shuttle. Click the pin button so that it's always attached to your Extensions menu next to your URL. If you happen to be using Chrome, you can click on the jawsag Node Shuttle to open the extension. Next we are going to log into smartscribe. And as you can see the top right the monogram that shows inside of Chat Psych should show here and all of the notes that you've recorded in that account to be available in the note section. You can scroll down to the bottom if you want One from a long time ago. Some that have been signed will show that they've been signed. Each note should contain the patient that it was recorded and then either the template it was recorded with or summary. Oh sorry, not. Not the template but the the title or. Yeah, or a summary that's made up of the first few few words from it. So this case the note was titled First Home Built Chrome Extension. So next you'll want to jump in your ehr. I have two there's therapy notes and simple practice here. So in simple practice we're going to go to a progress note we have for a patient. Jamie Appleseed on Jotsec I'm going to find the note that I want to paste in there and I click on this this one. Notice there's here all my note sections. I have two ways of getting data in one. I can copy each section by clicking on this copy icon at the top right of each note section. Other ways I can copy are by clicking this Copy all button or by opening this drop down and selecting the sections from the note that I want to copy. And the other way is by pressing the launch button, the autofill note. So this is going to take some time if you haven't done it for a template in your EHR before, But not that much time as you could tell. That was like maybe six seconds. So now next progress note that I the next simple practice SOAP note that I connect to a jawsag note that was generated from the same template as this note that I moved in will happen immediately. The processing mapping is going to happen immediately. So you can see that several sections were mapped. And if you want to know which sections were mapped, here's the section mapping. Drop down. Yeah, so that's that. Here's what it looks like in therapy notes. If I wanted to perform the same operation again in a scope. Note in therapy notes. Notice here. Patient effort applisude hit launch should take probably six seconds. Same amount of time. Oh, it is. It's taking a little longer. There it goes. Yeah. Pop the content in. I'll note. Also, there's a little section here where you can review. Note. I'll take note. Sections that were not mapped into the ehr. If you want to see where they were mapped to, you can click on these green icons in the Deliver successfully portal. All right. And that's that.