Melita Wilson-Primus: How are. You. I'm fine. And you? I'm good.
Becca Bressler: Nice to see you.
Melita Wilson-Primus: Okay?
Becca Bressler: I'm getting you set up on Jotrx today, right?
Melita Wilson-Primus: Yes, I want to find out. Is there an extra cost for it? Oh, yes.
Becca Bressler: So it's $69 a month for the eprescription software, and the first month is $10.
Melita Wilson-Primus: I don't think I want it because I already have something to prescribe. Was like a small fee, then I would have just taken it for a backup. Yeah, I'm okay.
Becca Bressler: Can I just ask? Because obviously this is like a new product and we're trying to learn kind of about our users and their wants. How much would you have expected it to cost?
Melita Wilson-Primus: I have one that I use for backup, and it's 300.
Becca Bressler: So I was going to.
Melita Wilson-Primus: Yes, I was going to cancel that. 1. And since I have jot Psych, take this as an addition. It's too much.
Becca Bressler: Yeah, I understand. I totally understand. But I'll let my team know about that feedback. Well, I have you. Is there anything else I can help you with or. I'm sure you're very busy, so happy to let you go and give your time back.
Melita Wilson-Primus: I see there's some. Updates again. You guys keep updating every time.
Becca Bressler: Are you talking about? The pop ups that you're seeing.
Melita Wilson-Primus: No, like on the record section. I recorded a visit today. And the way it's showing up is different from before.
Becca Bressler: Which are you talking about the screen that you see?
Melita Wilson-Primus: Yeah.
Becca Bressler: Yes. We have been working over the last couple of months to make it more robust, among other things. So the improvement of, like, I don't know if you've had issues losing notes or where you, you know, need to email customer support in order to help retrieve it, but this is sort of what we're what we've been releasing. But you should see a toggle on the bottom that lets you switch back to the old. But unless you've been using it. If you've already been using it, then. Then that wouldn't show.
Melita Wilson-Primus: I see that. I see it. Switch back.
Becca Bressler: Yeah, in about two weeks.
Melita Wilson-Primus: Last time today.
Becca Bressler: What was that?
Melita Wilson-Primus: I've tried this. This thing, the way of doing it for the first time today.
Becca Bressler: Yeah, so. So if you want to switch back for a little while, feel free. We are going to sunset the old version in about two weeks, so I would give yourself a chance to, like, familiarize yourself with the new one. Hopefully, it's. It doesn't feel too different. You know, there's, like, the template. The patient. Additional notes. So the sort of standard things are still there.
Melita Wilson-Primus: And I did the trial. Remember when I did it? I don't know if it was you. I did a video and I'm supposed to get an Amazon gift card for being the trial. Person. Was you.
Melita Wilson-Primus: It was video with. I never got that gift card,
Becca Bressler: so I'm looking at a receipt right now from our end. Can I just say the email back to you and you can tell me if this is the right one? That it was sent to. Melita wilson425@hotmail.com.
Melita Wilson-Primus: yeah, that's my email.
Becca Bressler: Interesting. Would you let me email. Executive assistant because she's the one that showed me confirmation of purchase. She could possibly, like, cancel it and resend it if you didn't get it. But I do have a confirmation from her, so.
Melita Wilson-Primus: Did you send a card in the mail?
Becca Bressler: Oh, no. So it's an email. So it's a virtual gift card or a digital gift card. So you would have gotten an email from Amazon about the gift card.
Melita Wilson-Primus: I don't remember buying anything that from you. Or getting a gift card from you,
Becca Bressler: it would have come from Amazon. Like you would have seen an email from Amazon about a gift card.
Melita Wilson-Primus: Get any gift card. So maybe you could cancel it and send it again.
Becca Bressler: Yeah, let me talk to our executive assistant and see if she can cancel and send it again. But that's what you would look out for is an email from Amazon.
Melita Wilson-Primus: Okay?
Becca Bressler: I'll send that to her right now. All right. Take care, Lita.
Melita Wilson-Primus: All right. Take care. Don't change that. Psych. I love it.
Becca Bressler: Don't worry. The changes are to make it better and work better for you, so. Yeah.
Melita Wilson-Primus: Yeah. And if you guys want me to do anything on Facebook and say that I will, Yeah, please.
Becca Bressler: You know, I don't. Don't have to ask us twice, so. Please. Please. We love the support as much as we can, and you've probably seen that we have a referral program.
Melita Wilson-Primus: Yes, I did refer a doctor to it.
Becca Bressler: Okay. There's no limits. Also.
Becca Bressler: You're able to use your code as much as you want, and we'll get reimbursed for it each time.
Melita Wilson-Primus: Okay? All right, Take care. Enjoy the rest of your day. Bye. Bye.