Jackson Bierfeldt: Hi Rose, nice to meet you.
Rose Fontana: Hi, nice to meet you too. Can you hear me okay?
Jackson Bierfeldt: I can hear you just fine. Thanks for wearing a microphone. I'm in a cafe right now, so there's a little bit of outside noise. So sorry about that on my end, but no worries at all. Sounds great. Okay, so I unfortunately only have the, the 15 minutes today, so I'm just gonna move a little quickly just so that we can, you know, see. We're basically doing a little speed dating here. You know, I just want to like learn a little bit about you, give you the opportunity to ask some question questions about job site and then for us to just see like, hey, is this something we might want to make a head with?
Rose Fontana: Absolutely.
Rose Fontana: Thank you so much for your time. So I appreciate it.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Very happy to. So why don't you just give me, you know, the TLDR on like what you've been doing recently, why you're interested in job site, what stood out about us to you and why you're looking to maybe do a switch?
Rose Fontana: I've been doing contract work for the USDA for the past two years, but they are grant funded and that's no longer a real thing. So it was mostly like trying to integrate AI and different kinds of ontologies and technology to help farmers and people who help farmers to be able to do their work better. But since that's no longer a viability, I'm pivoting back into health care. Seems like a good opportunity. I was a medical scribe for a year in college, so I don't.
Rose Fontana: Yeah, I saw that.
Jackson Bierfeldt: That was when I saw that on the resume, I was like, oh, you know exactly what we're doing.
Rose Fontana: Yeah. Oh yeah. It was in person. Right before COVID I did a biology degree alongside my computer science degree, so that was fun. Okay, so the healthcare points I've done are NLP for biomedical ontologies and it was like making gazetteer lists from ontologies was the tool we made. It's like a list to pop into that one software we all used 10 years ago, before LLMs made everything easier and Genome Oncology, where it was a clinical insight pipeline. We were just taking people's NGS reports, their next generation, sequencing and aligning it with case studies and things that they could do to help their diagnostic odds or their treatment odds. It was mostly one platform that we deploy on different hospital servers so that they could upload a bunch of people's patients documents and then get all of the insights.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Okay, cool. So it sounds like you have a bit of backend experience Data pipeline experience. All of that. Have you worked much on like customer facing, like consumer front end applications?
Rose Fontana: Before the, the application engineer role was customer base, but the customers were doctors and clinicians and pathologists. The RSI role was primarily like me talking to people to get there. I was like the, there's three of us. And so I would talk to our client or contract client and translate their needs and then do the coding for them all at full circle.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Great.
Rose Fontana: Very good.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah. Because that's a big part of what we do. We're all kind of like forward deployed engineers right now where we're like, okay, getting on calls with customers, watching them use it, taking the feedback going and actually building it. So definitely something to expect with us. What about like projects you've been doing on your own? What have you been interested in building? Especially over the last year as things slowed down for you and like AI has gotten even crazier? Like what have you been doing now?
Rose Fontana: I've been primarily focused on building like a RAG application to be able to get my hands on that kind of stuff. The LLM orchestration stuff that we did is primarily agent focused, so it wasn't like rag, which I think would be more beneficial for people in ag and tighter domains. Like the medical field is not too much yet. I, I, we just shut down our business. My husband and I ran a moving business for the last four years.
Jackson Bierfeldt: So yeah, yeah, that's a lot. What was, what was that like? You were like, you like managing like a fleet of trucks or something.
Rose Fontana: So it was my husband and I who were in charge. We, we just bought our first truck. New York State shut us down for changing their moving guidelines and requ making it too strict to be able to operate. But we had a couple employees. It was like five or six employees that we'd send out on moves to help people, mostly in the local areas since there's like older people who need the help. Yeah.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Oh, wow, that's, that's really cool. I mean, honestly, I like to hear that too. Shows, you know, you understand the dollars and cents of things too. Yeah.
Rose Fontana: Oh yeah, absolutely.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Great. Yeah. So what about your like AI tech stack right now that you're using? Sorry, you're like developing stuff. Like what does development look like in the like post coding agent world for you?
Rose Fontana: I, I've kept like the same stack, I think the whole time with like react, JavaScript, kind of front end, Python, back end. I think that works really good with,
Jackson Bierfeldt: and I mean more like your tooling stuff. Like what are you using to like write your code these days. How are you working? Viewing code, you know, what is. What is that tool?
Rose Fontana: Like my AI assistants to help. Yeah, I use them all. So when I was at our side, we would do comparisons between them all, and that's my favorite thing. So I use Gemini, Claude, ChatGPT, Klein, and I put you all head to head. And then I do the initial prompt, and then I prompt engineer it into whichever corners they all lead me into. I have the AI evaluation and training thing that I have to do. So we train different models and make the rubrics for them. So I've been down in the nitty gritty of making rubrics to get them to do specific things or not specific things. And I think that all of them have their different strengths. Gemini has the biggest context window, so that one's, like, the easiest. And Klein's the most expensive, no matter what you plug into it.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah. And are you doing all of this, like, with their different services or using Claude code or open code or cursor? Like, what's your. What's the tool?
Rose Fontana: All of the cursor models are all just different clods, and that's mostly their proprietary models. But I use just the interface. Otherwise, I think I like the control. I came from, like, a security background, and I really don't like having the models have MCP protocol access and YOLO mode. So I like them to stay in their browsers. But I've. I use Klein and Cursor to do the analysis mostly.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Okay, cool, Great. Yeah. So I want to turn it over to you now and just what I want to know what you're curious about and what I can tell you about Jot Psych, the company, the team, the culture, where we're at, funding, whatever you want to know. Open book.
Rose Fontana: So I seen that it's like a plugin or like a web browser extension for Chrome. And on your app. So how does it integrate with Epic or does it not? Is it a standalone service?
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah. So we have too many different things for the size of team that we are.
Jackson Bierfeldt: We're actually trying to, like, reduce some of these, but we have two main products right now. The first is the like scrub. Right. It listens to, you know, the clinicians, and we work mostly with behavioral health clinics at this point. It listens to them, it writes them for that. We have a web application that most people use. They're using us in Chrome like it's its own tab. They're recording in there. We also have that Chrome extension. We also have the iOS app then. Yeah, we have our, like, web application. Where people like actually review the notes and do the editing of it and like, manage their patients and all of that. We actually are almost our own ehr, so we don't really integrate into other ones. We're actually trying to get people. People to. To move to hours. That is a tricky thing, as you know, EHR is very complicated, you know, but we're almost at the, like, minimal set of things where we do have a lot of small clinics right now that essentially are using us entirely as their ehr, but they, like, still are retaining their other one because we haven't quite finished our, like, e prescription system, but that's coming soon. But the second product that we really provide for people, and this is the one we're, like, really betting on going forward, is integrating into people's revenue cycle management workflows. So the main reason why customers adopt us in the first place. Well, the main, main reason is they're, like, writing notes sucks. I want to save some time. But the reason that their, you know, clinic managers, okay, the service is because they use the notes to just get reimbursed by insurance companies. The whole thing is like, the note. It's not really for the doctor to, like, remember stuff, if you understand. It's, like, to comply with all the rules and show that you did this and did do that. So we've built the note that does all of that, and now we're moving on to, like, you know, auditing. You know, we learn all the things about your insurance and about your organization, all the rules you have, and then we use agents to, like, read the note afterward and show, hey, it's good for these seven things. This one thing's missing, and you need to, you know, attest to it. Like, you need to type in and say this, or you need to change your behavior and, like, ask, like, question better next time so that the AI can do it. So it's like, helping people actually just, like, improve their own clinic workflow to make sure that, like, when they press the submit to billing button, they're like, I'm gonna get paid for this. There's gonna be no surprises. Like, I have an audit trail. We're doing, you know, a bunch of stuff in that that I can tell you about more in another call. But that's, like, the. The main direction that we're moving.
Rose Fontana: That's very fascinating. That's how they taught us to be medical scribes. That was the whole training, was that we're doing this for insurance.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah. They call it CYA charging.
Rose Fontana: Yeah, yeah.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yep.
Rose Fontana: Yeah. So are your primary funders, like, your stakeholders that decide your features, or do you have, like, government contracts that decide your features? Like, how do you decide what's important?
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah, Great question. We work really closely with our, like, biggest customers, and we just listen to what they say that they that they need, and, like, try to give them what they're asking for, but then also read between the lines to figure out, like, what, what. Why they're asking for. You know, it's the whole thing with, like, if, you know, you gave everyone what they wanted, they'd ask for a faster horse. Sometimes we do just try to give them a faster horse, you know, but sometimes we're trying to figure out, like, wait, what's the, like, next step here? You know, we're thinking about what agents are going to be capable of one year from now. What should we start building so that we can. So it's a little bit of that, but we're a small table. We're nine full time. People right now, engineering team is four, including me. I'm still probably our biggest contributor in the code base, unfortunately for everybody else.
Jackson Bierfeldt: But yeah, so really just like that tight, that tight loop system is how we work on that. And funding wise, we, we did take VC funding last year. We raised a series seed in January of 2025 and still have funding. But we are, you know, we're not like a pre product. We have about, you know, 1500 clinics around the country that are using every day and we have a pretty significant.
Rose Fontana: Wow. That's. I was looking through my resume and I think I've only worked for startups.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah, well, that was going to be my next question really quick, which is just that like what is your comfort level and experience with working on, you know, a five person team that is, you know, building software that like our competitors, a 60 person team, you know, like, do you have comfortability?
Rose Fontana: The. At our side we were, there was two engineers including me and the other guy was a statistician at Genome Oncology. I technically wasn't an engineer. I was more like product customer facing, making the tickets for our engineers. And there was three of them. So I kind of like the, the start to end kind of pipeline that it gives you so that you can hold your own features and see them through. Yeah.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Okay, great. Any last questions for you before we just talk about next steps?
Rose Fontana: I don't think so. Thank you for answering all of my questions.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah. Oh, sorry, last one for me. Where are you based and what is your availability for some in person? Because that's another thing that's pretty important to us.
Rose Fontana: I'm in upstate New York and I can get to the nearest airport in an hour.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Okay, great. Where. Which part of upstate New York's a big area?
Rose Fontana: It's outside of Syracuse.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Okay, great. Yeah, we have. One of our engineers is in Poughkeepsie actually. So that's where I grew up. Okay. Yeah. And then my whole family is from Cattaraugus County, New York, which we also call upstairs date, so.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Oh, I don't know if you've ever been all the way out there, but great. Okay, so Rose, next steps here. I'm going to send you our coding challenge. Our like take home assessment and it's called a coding challenge. It's really more of a like product insight thinking challenge. As I'm sure you know, at this point it's pretty hard to evaluate people's like coding because it's like you're going to use an AI to write it anyway and you should like that's the job at this point. But I'll send you a repo. All the instructions will be in there. You know, it's. It's a little problem. I want you to think about it. You know, solve some part of it. But the most important thing is really, you know, creating a little video, just like a five minute loom video afterwards, being like hey, here's how I looked at it. Here are the two things that I thought, here's the one that I like actually validated and then here's the thing that I thought all those instructions are in the repo. But you know, just want to know it'll probably take like three hours or so. Like that's the, that's the timeline. So don't spend two weeks on it please. You know, three or four hours, something in that, in that range and then yeah, we can go from there.
Rose Fontana: Beautiful. Thank you so much. That sounds awesome.
Jackson Bierfeldt: All right, well it's really nice meeting you. Thanks for taking the time today and look forward to that email from me shortly.
Rose Fontana: Thank you.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Take care. Bye.