AKUOU Psychiatry: Hi there.
Emily Kaiser: I'm good. How are you?
AKUOU Psychiatry: I'm doing well. Thank you.
Emily Kaiser: Good. Sorry for the background noise. I'm at home today. That's okay.
AKUOU Psychiatry: No worries.
Emily Kaiser: So I'm Emily. I understand that your interest in JotStart.
AKUOU Psychiatry: Yes.
Emily Kaiser: Okay, cool. Great. Are you currently use Jot Psych?
AKUOU Psychiatry: I did do for AI note taking. So I do have a psychiatry practice. That's where I first learned about it. And then I got an email about support for like website and I go with the other thing was. But yeah, so it's things have evolved since I've seen that I've kind of looked into JET cycle. Currently don't use it. I just do like a little trial period with it.
Emily Kaiser: Okay, perfect. Awesome. All good background. When you tried it, how did you like it?
AKUOU Psychiatry: Honestly, I was trying several other AI based platform at that time, so I just either, I don't remember specifically why I did not proceed with it. I don't know if it was cost.
AKUOU Psychiatry: I don't know if it was the way the notes are or it's just I and I just launch as well. So I haven't really had an opportunity to like try several, you know, several notes with it to be able to make that transition. So I don't remember specifically why.
Emily Kaiser: Sure, no problem. How long ago was it?
AKUOU Psychiatry: Oh, I launched in January. So I want to say maybe either February or March. I did try it not long after I launched. So it wasn't that long ago, but it has been a while.
Emily Kaiser: Okay, no problem. I'm just curious because Stratf takes making a bunch of changes, as you may have noticed, if you're getting some emails. But just to give you a little bit of background on why, basically, we are hearing from a lot of clinicians, especially like clinicians yourself that are making the transition from working in a practice to moving out on their own, that there are too many systems needed to operate in a day to day basis basically when it comes to your EHR and your e prescribing and your billing and the AI note taking and, and all things. Basically, there's too many systems we're hearing is the main gripe, if you will. So what JotSyke is doing is basically trying to become an all in one system or working on becoming an all in one system in the sense that you couldn't operate out of drought psyche as a full EHR. You can, we could do your billing. We can handle your prescribing and then now jot start among many other things. But that's just a little bit of background that I like to give just because it sounds like you're familiar with Jot psych, but I'm not sure if you've noticed how much we're kind of changing in the background. Here. So just a little background. But let me go ahead and share my screen. If you have seen the jot start website, that's what I'm going to show you now just to kind of break everything down. Okay. Can you see this okay?
AKUOU Psychiatry: Yes, I can.
Emily Kaiser: Okay, so this is basically start. So what job start is is a combination of these two features, which is Jot site and job cred. You have the option to do them separately. Do them together. You could do just jot cred, just jot start depending on or just jot site, depending on your needs. But essentially jot site is building your professional personal website and jot cred is getting a credentialed with payers. So as far as those two things go, where are you at in the process? Do you have a professional website? Are you credentialed?
AKUOU Psychiatry: So I do have a website. It's nonprofessional because I did develop it myself, but I'm starting to realize learning more about SEO and all of this. And I mean, I just kind of what I thought was needed on the website, so I don't think it's offline, I guess is the word appropriately. So that's one issue. The second one, I am credentialed with headway, but I do want to, I'm considering taking patients that have Medicare because I do do dementia management and head wages now for credentialing with Medicare. But, you know, like considering doing Medicare also means I need billing coverage. So it's like you start getting into this steps of, okay, I need this. Therefore I need this and that. So that's kind of where I am. So I do want Medicare. I'm strongly considering I'm, you know, ways and cons, but that's currently where I am. And I'm looking at, depending on the cost, because I did put a lot of work into the website, look into maybe get a professional one that is optimized. I didn't like one that I can be edit to as I need since like a lot of the ones I'm finding. I think you have to be like on a monthly payment plan or something. So just trying to keep the overhead cost as well being in your process and starting out. So those are all the little pieces to it.
Emily Kaiser: Okay, great. No, all perfect information. Good to know. So let me go down a little bit. And this is kind of. The timeline of how things work in the background, but I think it may be more applicable to, like, show you exactly what kind of goes into it.
Emily Kaiser: So if we start up here, I can kind of break it down. So jot site is $99 for a one time build. And if you wanted to host it independently, you could. So you would only have to pay the $99 basically. We built it and then you kind of take over from there if you wanted job site to host it. It's $49 a month. And that just includes like the any editing that is along the way or any hosting fees in general, just to keep that website up and going. So that is that. If you wanted to do the one time build, though, you do have the option to host it yourself and do the maintenance and do all things. Now jot cred is, like I said, setting you up as a provider, getting you credentialed and then setting you up with payers. So similar to what you're doing with headway. But the difference between headway and grow and something like what job psych is doing is it's all independent. You know, so if you were to separate from headway, you would no longer be credentialed with those payers. To my understanding. What cred and jot psych, if you were to separate again or do any of those things, this is setting you up individually. So you're not attached to job psych to be attached to these payers. Okay. Does that make sense? Okay. And then we're hearing that, you know, with headway and stuff like that for billing purposes, they take a good amount of a good chunk out for successful collections. And Jot psych. I mean, this is kind of goes into job bill. And I know you said you're kind of looking into that too. And we can go over that if you're interested. But basically the options with job bill is you can select 4%, 6% or 8%. And that is the amount that jot psych takes after successful collections. So you basically pick a package of what works for you. We have a lot of, if you are new practice like you are, we have a lot of people in your same position doing the 4% package. And then you can always move up if you wanted us to handle more. But a lot of people like that starter package or that 6% when they're just kind of getting on their feet and building their clientele and doing all things like that.
AKUOU Psychiatry: From each like they're just less services if you were to pick like a 4% versus 6 versus 8 like what
Emily Kaiser: I can go into the job bill. But yes, essentially there's an essentials package, a complete and a max. And when looking at all of it, it's basically like essentials has everything you need. And then if you move up, we do more. So in or in essentials, basically you have the eligibility checks, the payer where documentation and coding and then clean clean generation and then moving forward, you also. So if you were to move up with complete, you have the payment postings and era analytics available to you. Automated appeals and payer rules auto update, essentially. And then the max includes all of those things in both packages and then automated under payment detection. Patient collections and a dedicated billing manager on the job site. So let me go back here. I don't mean to jump all over the place. I know it's a lot of information. It does sound like some of these things are applicable to you. So I wanted to kind of sprinkle a little here and there and kind of see what you're interested in essentially. Because like I said at the beginning, JAPsec is we're doing an a la carte pricing now basically. So you can kind of go through JotSyke's features and make your own package of what is applicable. So I'd like to mention these just so you're aware. But going back to job cred, I think jot psych is pretty self explanatory and we can go through the timeline of that. But Jack Cred, these are all the things basically that come into it. Any questions there?
AKUOU Psychiatry: So it seems like they show you to set up the providers 350. So let's say if I were to go forward with Medicare.
AKUOU Psychiatry: So that would be 50 that correct like so provide. And then yes, exactly.
Emily Kaiser: So to get you credentialed, it would be $350 and then every payer you add on is 300. So if you wanted to add Medicare, it would be 300. A lot of people like to start with their main payers, whatever your payer mix is. So they start with one or two, and then they kind of add on. But as you see there, yes, you can see this. So typically each payer represents 3 to 9k a month in new billable revenue. So once you start basically jot CRUD starts paying for itself in the first payer with the first payer.
AKUOU Psychiatry: And what's potentially maintenance, the 150 a month.
AKUOU Psychiatry: What is that for?
Emily Kaiser: Ongoing maintenance typically includes CAQH reattestation every 120 days? Any license renewal tracking and then recredentialing when approvals expire.
AKUOU Psychiatry: Okay. Is something that can be added on like let's say I set it up initially and I don't want to, you know, like want to get close to needing credentialing. Is that something that one can come back to, if that makes sense. Yeah, absolutely.
Emily Kaiser: So what you're, what you got the email for is JotStart and JotStart is basically just bundling the two system or the two features of Jot site and JotCred, but you can absolutely just do jot site or you could just dot cred. Up to you. For JotCred. Just to kind of break down, let me go up here so you can see this back to that timeline. So essentially JotCred to give you a little bit of an idea of that timeline specifically. And so what you, what, what happens is at the very beginning, you would send us five things. You would send us your state license, your DEA certificate insurance certificates, NPI number board certification. And that's it. From there. So think from days one to seven. Basically, we verify everything. So we're going through and we are your primary source for verification for licensing boards, OIG exclusion lists. You know, sam.gov npi registry. All of those things. We're able to kind of catch problems before they cause rejections, essentially. And then from there, so days 7 to 14, we set up a QACAQH. So basically we're managing that. And then we, from days 14 and on, we submit applications. And that's when we start working with payers. So one application per payer, all filed in parallel depending on how you want to start. If you want to start with one, if you want to start with two, whatever it may be, each player has different requirements and JATSEC has a database of knowing what all of those requirements are. So basically we're doing the heavy lifting on all of that kind of stuff. So being the middleman so you can have less mental clutter and less to do as you kind of get your going. And then basically from there, we follow up every 14 days. So we're calling the payers. We're working with them individually. We're checking statuses, responding to requests for additional information. And then we're kind of keeping you in a loop with all of that as we go forward. Um, let me see if there's any other information on this page. I think we kind of covered everything when it comes to Jot site and job cred. I can move forward into Jotville if you're interested in seeing a little bit more.
AKUOU Psychiatry: Yes.
Emily Kaiser: Okay. And then I'll end basically by showing you if you go to JotSyke's homepage, you can see all of these things. Okay, can you see this?
AKUOU Psychiatry: Yes, I can.
Emily Kaiser: Perfect. So this kind of just explains what JotFill is essentially. And Jotville is the hybrid AI and human billing engine. So what that means is we have an AI tool essentially that kind of analyzes everything in the system. So. So each note, if you're familiar, if you did the JATSAKE trial basically as you record a note develops and with our system AI basically analyzes each of those notes in thinking about, okay, this person is with this payer and this is the CPT code that is being suggested. And the thing about all of these things, basically, and creating a note for payer specific rules, coding accuracy and claim readiness. From there, our humans step in. So we have a human billing specialist basically that validates all of the things and they are validating, they're managing denials and ensuring compliance, essentially. This is kind of a timeline of how it works behind the scenes, job bills specifically. So. Before the encounter, we're basically checking eligibility. We're making sure that the person you are about to see is in this insurance and that insurance is credentialed to you and all of those things we're connecting the dots during the encounter is when JotSec is writing the clean payer aware note. So again looking at tailoring the note to be exactly right to the CPT code being suggested, the payer rule and basically gently prompting us for any missing information. After the encounter is when Jotville takes over and once you sign essentially job bill checks the coding accuracy validates the claim and then pushes it forward to the payer. And then from there we kind of. Take care of the rest depending on what kind of package you decide on. But one that I like to mention this right here, the RCM overview is something always oops have access to. Sorry.
AKUOU Psychiatry: There we go.
Emily Kaiser: So something you always have access to and basically what this is showing is a monthly financial review. So it's looking at everything that was billed out, everything that was paid, denied or fixed. You kind of see common trends or anything that's happening in general. Students there. Are some of the pairs. That we are with as well as 3,000 others. Where are you located?
AKUOU Psychiatry: I'm in Illinois.
Emily Kaiser: Okay great. So should have no problem with anything like that. Like any payers or anything. We are able to do state by state and all things like that. And that is essentially it. I can go to the here we go. This might be interesting. So this is the 4% 6% 8% that I was talking about. So this kind of breaks down exactly what is included in each package. And just gives you an idea of basically how hands off you want to be. And that's pretty much the basis of Jotville. Any questions on anything that we went over?
AKUOU Psychiatry: So yeah a couple questions is it required to use your EMR and then to be able to do the billing.
Emily Kaiser: You would need a drop seek account because Jotville happens inside Jot Psych. You had a couple.
AKUOU Psychiatry: Go ahead.
Emily Kaiser: Oh, I was just going to say you could do it a couple different ways. So let me go back now. And show you jot psych.com so you can see all of these a la carte options and it's laid out a little bit better. Thing that people like to do is the job bill analysis. If you are unsure about moving forward with drop bill or maybe you wanted to see a little bit more. A lot of people like to start with the analysis because it's basically just doing an overview of your books. And our goal is to understand but also help you understand what you're earning today, where money is getting delayed or lost and what changes basically as you kind of move forward in the process. Okay let me share this screen. Okay perfect. Okay so this is kind of giving you a little bit of an idea for Jot Bill. So these are some of the things that you can see. Let me move this over. These are some of the things that you can see in Jotville. So it'll say it'll give you note essentially and then it moves over to the auditing feature. So these are the recommended CPT codes and then it would flag anything. Say you it was suggesting a different CPT code or whatever it may be. It flags risks basically. So missing time and time documentation considered add on code things like that. And then we'll give you billing summaries as well. See here. So if you scroll down in JotSite, you will see pricing. So this is for like our basic. AI. Note taking. But what I think that you might find interesting. Here we go. Hiding. So these are all pictures. Basically. That you can choose from. And again you can build a package. But so a lot of people like to basically do job psych and then they add on some of these things like chat Rx. Or if you wanted to use JATSAC as an ER EHR. This is basically what you would add on. And from there you have unlimited labs, you have John Rx and it operates out of it operates like an EHR. If you wanted the EHR extension. So if you wanted to use JATSYC and then it basically had the extension we have a group Google Chrome extension. So it could connect automatically to your EHR. That's a different option as well. But again you can kind of add on any of these things. A lot of people what they're doing like so if you wanted to do Jot site a lot of people are doing the two week trial. And doing jot psychs. You can experience it. I know you already did the trial. But just to kind of give you an idea of. Other people are doing. Any questions here. Did that answer your original question?
AKUOU Psychiatry: Yeah I think so. It sounds like I don't need to have the EHR because if it's if it's an add-on I do understand like the jump psych the AI portion because that's required to be able to generate the note for billing because I do have an EHR set up so I was making sure like that does that mean I have to switch EHR and all of that.
Emily Kaiser: But I think that no it does not you but for job bill you do need to have a job sync account because it does operate out of. Just basically that's the system. But it's that those notes that jot psych is creating and then Jotville is working off of information with that. So jot psych and jot build do go hand to hand, but you do not have to replace your EHR. If you wanted to do EHR extension, you totally could and that would make things a little bit more seamless. But you also didn't have to do the EHR extension and you could copy and paste any information over to your EHR just as you normally would probably did during your trial.
AKUOU Psychiatry: Right right. Okay yeah no that's all the questions. Thank you.
Emily Kaiser: Absolutely yeah so. What do you think? I know we went over a lot of information. So do you think that it would be helpful to do Jot site or what is your thought process?
AKUOU Psychiatry: I'm thinking of yeah looking into maybe just site I do have couple I guess like query appointments throughout the week. I'm trying to see what other people offer. Definitely credentialing. I'm looking at that as well. So I do have a couple of appointments scheduled for credentialing and billing. So yeah but definitely something I want to move forward with is just a question of who will I do that with but absolutely.
Emily Kaiser: No I definitely hear you there would it be helpful to maybe do a follow up meeting either at the beginning of the week or end of the week or beginning of next week either Friday or Monday if you have some time. Like I could kind of answer any questions that come up or if you look into more information or as you're kind of comparing and contrasting, it could be helpful.
AKUOU Psychiatry: Yeah. So Mondays tend to Monday mornings are like my admin day. So that tend to work better for me.
AKUOU Psychiatry: Otherwise I do have appointments scheduled. So yeah we could maybe do something on the 20th.
Emily Kaiser: Okay let's do that. What time works best for you.
AKUOU Psychiatry: So I do have a meeting to 10:30. So I would say maybe any time from, let's say it's from 11:30 to 2:00 it's pretty open.
Emily Kaiser: Okay. What about. Let me move over to my calendar here. Could you do let's see. I have a strange time strangely timed meeting from 1:10 to 1:40. Could you meet after that? Maybe at 1:45.
AKUOU Psychiatry: Yeah, that would work.
Emily Kaiser: Don't know what the thought process was on that one. Okay, so I'm going to send you a calendar link, a calendar invite. Just go ahead when you receive it. Add it to your calendar. If it doesn't come through immediately definitely check your spam because unfortunately it slipped in the spam sometimes.
AKUOU Psychiatry: Yeah.
Emily Kaiser: I know we went over a bunch of information. I will let you go. But before I do do you have any questions on anything that we went over today?
AKUOU Psychiatry: No questions. I think everything is pretty straightforward. I'll more into it. But yeah no questions for now.
Emily Kaiser: Awesome. Okay. Well thank you so much for your time and your interest in JotSych and we will talk soon.
AKUOU Psychiatry: All right. Thank you.