Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Well, it's been a Monday full of Mondays so far.
Adam Harrison: Monday full of Mondays. Yes.
Adam Harrison: How is your time?
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: It sucks. It sucks, literally. Message my staff today. I've been on the phone all day with our other ehr was down and it was just a mess and so it's just been a Monday and. Then I thought, well, I'm going to go in there and take a bath real quick. And somebody forgot to pay the water bill. And I don't know if it was my responsibility or my sense this month, but anyways, our water was turned off, so now my husband's having to call and get quarter. Turned back on.
Adam Harrison: No, I'm sorry.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: It's all right. It's to the point. It's just hilarious at this point. But, no, I told my staff, I said, I'm telling you right now. I said, y'all better look out. About, like, the end of May, 1st of June, before we switch over all the way to Jotsyc. I said, and you better find a mental health day because y'all are all taking off. Because if you're not there to answer the phone, then I'm not working, so everybody's taking off. That's right.
Adam Harrison: Well, I did also want to introduce Michelle here from our side. Who?
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Michelle.
michelle.lynn: I'm the crazy nurse practitioner. You're fine.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: And I always, like, end up in the meeting robe. Because it's always on my day off, so I apologize.
michelle.lynn: No need to apologize.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: I really was going to put clothes on today, but it just didn't happen.
Adam Harrison: But, yeah, Michelle brings a ton of billing experience, so she is going to be very closely involved as we get you up and running here, especially as we're in the kind of setup phase and we want to make sure everything flows correctly and we don't have any issues with, you know, eras or claims going out. Or claims coming back or anything like that. So she will be pretty closely involved here to.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: You can have my ball of problems. I'll just say that right now. You can have it. I've done my own billing for years and I'm just. I'm just. I'm toast. They're at the insurance, AI. I can't get around it. It's a system, ass. And I can't. I can't. I'm just done. And. And when it was just me, it was fine, but I got more providers now, and. And I'm just like, oh, man, I can't be a biller. And a provider at the same time. And I don't want to quit seeing patients. Just a bit to build. Not that billing's not important, obviously. It's like one of her most important things. But. But, I mean, I went to school be a nurse practitioner, so that's what I wanted to do.
michelle.lynn: Understand completely.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: And I apologize ahead of time if you've not been building Arkansas. Arkansas is a quirky state. In missouri. You just put your seatbelt on. I hate it. You could. You could not give me a clinic in Missouri. I don't care. How well it stabbed. I don't care. No, you could not. I would not take it. I'd say, no, you can keep your problem because I'm not not doing that ever again.
michelle.lynn: Do you find that that is across all commercial plans or just like Medicaid and Medicare?
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: You know, the credentialing process was probably the hardest part because, like, this crazy stuff. So, like, in Arkansas, like, there's this Blue Cross Blue Shield of Arkansas, okay? Like, there's not like 50 different plans just in Arkansas. So in Missouri, they have a carved out section around Kansas City. That is Kansas City. Blue Cross Blue Shield. And if you're within 75 minutes. Listen, this is something I learned the hard way that took me a year to get credentialed for our office up there, and I even paid a credentialing company and they still couldn't figure it out.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: But if you're within 75. Yeah, they got me a contract that excluded the county where my clinic was. I said, that's not, that's not going to work. I mean, my clinic is in Cass County. It's, it's got to be Blue Cross Blue Shield that is accepted there. So anyways, it was just a. Mess. I ended up going back, doing it myself. But within 75 miles of Kansas City, you have to build through Kansas City, Blue Cross, Blue Shield. And so. But they have a so nurse practitioners are always a problem. So again, I apologize. We're all nurse practitioners. So that's another issue some states but they have a rule that you can they will not credential a nurse practitioner without credentialing their collaborate or even if their collaborator never says never sees a patient. And her collaborator is in Chattanooga, Tennessee. He is, like, not within 75 miles. So it was just a run around. And finally I told Katie, I said, get all of Cody's stuff.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: I said it, for the love of God. I said we are going to credential him out of that office, even though he has never set foot in that office. I have never even seen that office. Okay? This is a friend of mine that's working under, like, my umbrella. And anyways, I finally got it done. But it took. Literally took a year to get it done because Blue Cross, Blue Shield doesn't tell you, oh, you need to go talk to, you know, Kansas City, Blue Cross Blue Shield. You need to, you know, it's just not the same. But it's really hard. And then now that they've so. Also, they have healthy blue. I don't know if you've run into that in any other state. It's not really Blue Cross Blue Shield. I don't know why it has the shield on it, because it's actually done through. I can forget who they're through, but anyways. You have to, like, be credentialed through Caroline or somebody else too, which is the best. And so even though you're in network it with Blue Cross Blue Shield, you still can't take healthy Blue. And the only times we ever got paid by them because we did prior authorizations, they came back and. Recouped the money. So it was like, I hate Missouri. So we don't take their managed care like their Medicaid managed care. Except for United Healthcare and Home State Health. We take their straight Medicaid. But I told them, no more Healthy Blue. I'm not dealing with them. In Arkansas. We have some. I don't know if any other state has this. They call them pass programs. It's programs for mental health. They're so. They're Medicaid supplemented programs. Will, girl, listen. It's a struggle to get them on it. But even though I'm a network, I've got a patient I've been seeing for four years for free. I sent her to another clinic, and I just cannot get Summit to pay me for nothing. And get this, I'm in network. Because they pay me for another patient, but they won't pay me for her. And I'm like, you know what? She's a schizophrenic. She's got to have her meds. Without it, she's, like, gonna be out there stabbing somebody, like, for real. So just. I'll just take care where I'm. I just leave. Just leave it alone and. So I can empower past. Program pays us fine. We don't have any trouble. We don't have to do prior authorizations. Total Care and Summit are, like, awful. But these are things, you know this. These are things that you learn as you go. Every state is different. Like it was not this complicated ten years ago. Okay. It was not this complicated because I had a family practice clinic before, and, I mean, I had more billing codes than not over right now. And I'm like, this is, like, insane. This is getting insane. This is beyond just simple billing and coding. This is turned into a nightmare. And so I do know front to back. And stuff. And, you know, we don't hardly use any modifiers in our office. And that's, I think, what mean Adam was talking about last time, that the system was automatically wanting to kick up a modifier 25 for our add on codes like our 90833. It's like a designated add on code so we don't have to use the modifier 25 and I've never had to. And our other scrubber that we have now catches that, and it won't even let my My billing scrubbers that I have now won't even let it go through with a modifier.25 so it might just bend the the system just has to be taught that when it's a prescriber, they need to bill on medical decision making for the A and M and then build time for the add on therapy code. And I taught it to do that once and then it kicked back. I stunned it, like, three times. Like, it wants to go back to just the therapy building, like. And I'm like, no, it's different for prescribers. So, anyways, we do have a spotlight on treatment center. So there's not, There's. There's some catches, some catches there, you know, differences on. Insurances what we can build on. How familiar you probably run across this. So some of our billers. I just thought of buying my Blood Cross Blue Shield of Arkansas and the insurance commissioner, they didn't do anything about it, but. So Blue Cross Blue Shield will not pay our monitoring because, okay, our 99215, but they won't pay our 99417. And so their suggestion was to go back and do 99416. You know what I'm talking about, the additional add on times. But it's like $12 reimbursement versus $38 reimbursement. And. But they'll pay a doctor, but they won't pay a nurse practitioner. I said, well, every clinic that I know in northeast Arkansas is owned by a nurse practitioner. There are none owned by a doctor. So, I mean, why are we being discriminated against on reimbursement when every other insurance company pays us for this? They will not. So we also have, like, Ambedr. We have. Even if it's commercial. Doesn't matter if it's commercial. They will pay a 99215 and the G2212. But they will not pay that. 99417. Now they're not going to pay it. But they will pay the g 2212. Ok? So I've got insurers that'll do the 99417. And I've got them, like, wrote down because, like, there's so many of them. And so I've got, like, a list of all my patients and we can give that to you guys if you run into that. Like, these are who we have on Spravato, and these are the insurances, and this is the quirky mess that their billing does right now until they change their insurance. They change their insurance like they change their underwear around here. So that's like. Our other issue. That's just the issue in general, but anyways. It's always something. I have about 5% family practice. I don't even think it's 5% anymore. I bet you it's probably like 2 to 30%. I mostly I'm dual certified and United Healthcare has lost my. This is. As of last week. I, I have, like I said, some primary care patients and all of a sudden their insurance wasn't paying. I was like, what's going on? They've had United Healthcare. I'm one of the only people it takes. Takes it anyways around here and. Anyways, they weren't paying. So I had one of the girls call us, had called, find out why they're not paying these claims. I said, this is. This isn't. It's saying that it will, not that I'm out of network. I said, well, bull crap. I'm like, man, cuhc. All the time. Well, they said, when they called, they said, well, she's in network with United Behavioral Health, but she's not in network with United Healthcare. I'm like, well, crap, you've been paying their claims for four years. Weren't they. So, like, they said, like, I'm just not. In there.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: They've lost me, I would imagine.
michelle.lynn: Over they probably when they switch the system back over at first of the year.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Yes.
michelle.lynn: It probably didn't connect you with the family nurse practitioner.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Yes. And so then they sent me a letter, said they don't need any more family nurse practitioners in this area, so that application is closed. So they can't put me back in there. I'm like, whatever, I don't even care. It's like. It's like very few of my patients. And I'll just. Whatever. And that might. That particular patient. We sing that on, they've already went to go change their insurance. So again.
michelle.lynn: I love insurance.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: I hate it. I wish I could be cash pay. You know what if we lived we're in a rural area so we are dependent on insurance and the other thing that we fight with and just I know you're not going to remember all this and this. That's okay. Arkansas Medicaid. Okay, so we do Missouri and Arkansas. Arkansas is our primary. Ok. But we, we do have a clinic in Missouri, and we're starting to see more and more, and we're on a state line. That's why, that's why we're, we're like this. Arkansas Medicaid if it's an adult, not children. This does not apply to their children's Medicaid. But if it's an adult, they only get 16 visits a year. That's their specialist. That's their primary care. That's everything they use it for. Okay, so our Spravato patients, now you can apply for. It has to be denied. And then you have to apply for more visits.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: I have never in my life. If you can get it approved, well, hallelujah. I don't know how you did it because in family practice we never could get any more visits. And I have. Not yet. I've got a part time builder that she just works Summit my a couple hours a week. My denials and different stuff. She has figured out how to do my secondaries. I'm hoping it's not a problem with. With this software.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: But our waste are can there's something with Arkansas Medicaid. And they had never been able to build our secondary Arkansas Medicaid. If it's primary, it's not a problem. It's one, it's secondary. And so my Miller goes in and manually puts those in on their website. Arkansas, but it's the Arkansas slide backwards. Okay, but they only get 16 visits and we tend a platform. But I've never ever gotten them approved. And I talk to a therapy. A therapist that owns a clinic, like, now we're fired, too. And I was like, man, Joanna said, what are you doing with these people that only have 16 visits? I'm like, man, we just, like, eat those up, like, really fast. And she said, well, we get all kinds of extra visits. I'm like, well. How are you doing that? Because I can't. And she told me the website, but the website does not it only works for for therapists. It does not work for the medical side. So we have to go through a whole nother process and logistics. Is our biller and she has tried and tried and she's not been able to get, get additional visits. So I don't know what the process to that part is because she's always done that. And I just know that we've not been successful in doing it. If we can find. If, if not, I mean, we'll just deal with it. It's. Just Arkansas. And I will tell you the reason I don't worry about it as much is because Arkansas is a managed care program and usually what they do is I most of the time, not every time. They will stick them on Arkansas Medicaid and in 30 days they change them over to Blue Cross Blue Shield. Or Ambedr. And they get to pick which one they want to go to. Always tell them do and better, they pay better, they do better. So I don't worry about if I end up with a few Medicaid. I just try to make sure if I don't have to, don't put them on spratto. But if they need it, we just eat it. I mean, we end up. I mean, we only have like, 20 something spotto patients. Most of them are insurance. They're not. They're tying up a chair, but they're not really tying me up. And if they don't kill theirself, for them to sit in my chair two hours a week and my brother. I'm sitting my chair for two hours a week and I've got nine chairs. In one room. And we've just about finished remodeling another room that we'll have 10 or 12 chairs. I hadn't figured out how many I could fit in there yet. We'll see. I bet you I'll figure out a way to fit. But anyway, so we. We've been a nurse practitioner. I realize we are complicated sometimes and a pain in the butt. And I listen. He showed me the way my building was going to be. And I am so excited because, you don't know, I run. I look over everybody's claims before we run them. They go through one scrubber when they record on violent, and then I go through them before. It's like a peak, it's. A process like a few before it goes to the final insurance claim and goes to waste our and I go through every one of that I look at it it takes me a little bit and like make sure that their modifier 95 is on there for other tail and so I go through and I might that's usually the one that gets missed. Nobody remembers to put their freaking modifier on there for the telehealth. So I don't even grab at them anymore. I just, just go through and I put, put them on there myself. Then I know they're on there. And that software does not allow. So, like when we programmed it in, like all my telehealths. Or like our codes are labeled, they're in there twice. One is just plain, and then there's every one of them. That telehealth has a ph behind it. Because our scheduling platform is based off of our billing code, and that's what tells it it's a telehealth. But it will only really. It won't put the th on the billing. It just is just a label. So anyways. But it wouldn't let me add the modifier to go on there. Anytime there was a th, I'm like, you know what? That's just a little box. Can you just, like, put just a little box?
michelle.lynn: Absolutely.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: And. And I could never. I mean, suggestions, like multiple times. And. And it just. Wasn't on their priority list, I guess. I'm sure they had other things to do, but. So that's what I do. And then it goes to Way Star and they run it through their scrubber, and I usually through their scrubber. And 95% of them go through after I've looked at it. And in our first scrubber goes through. And then they catch like anywhere from 5 to 6% on average. And then we have to go in and fix them. And some of those are the medic, secondary Medicaid. And stuff. So Missouri, I think we've gotten fixed. Missouri used to. They wouldn't pay our primaries, but they would pay our secondaries. But I think we've got that fix. I think it's fixed. It's, it's just, you know, it's always something. It's always a little something with every insurance. So if you run into it on mind, call me. I probably know what it is and I can tell you how to fix it, but man, just like hit a button and not have to screen everybody. Claims. Do you know how much time that's going to save me? It's gonna save me a couple hours anyways.
Adam Harrison: At least a few hours, hopefully.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Yeah, well, and that's not counting applying eras and, you know, and everything and stuff, so. Absolutely. I'm excited about it. I don't know that my girls are as excited as I am about changing over, but, you know. I've told them, I'm like, look, like my providers, I'm like, you've been working in it. You're, it's going to be fine.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: But my staff, like, my staff staff, they've not been in it. Because they've not had a reason to be an error other than my nurse. And my nurse is pretty comfortable with it because she's. She's logged in under me every day. She helps me chart, she pulls. That's where she pulls most of my notes for her prior authorizations and stuff. So she's. Been in it. But like my secretary the scheduling platform. She will like strangle me. And once you strangled also at the way the schedule is right now. But I told her said don't panic. It's okay. They will work on it. They will fix it. And my daughter in law who schedules. Bravados. I'm not even showed her because I have to live with her too. So I'm not even talk to her about that yet.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: But I did tell them to take that mental health day before June, before we were like, sit in here so we're all good.
Adam Harrison: One step at a time. Yes, we will. Kind of just, you know, and we have all your feedback on the scheduling, so Jackson's working on that, so.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: And I know it's a big job, and I know I make a lot of suggestions. Which I told you this before, I have set up. I mean, I've not set up like 100 EHRs, but I've set up probably 10 EHRs. And I've worked through multiple. I've worked in multiple ERs, multiple clinics. I've worked in different areas, and I'm pretty comfortable because every ehr has to have the same parts anyways. You just got to find the workflow and what works. And so I'm really open to changes and things like that. That's what freaks my girls out because, like, that's why they're not on a lot of the beta stuff. And I learned that the first time not to let my staff on anything that changes frequently. And I've already warned them your buttons are going to move around for a little while. This is. This is going. There's going to be updates. It's all going to be there. It's just going to. It might be in a different place and. But I've been working on it a bit. Since you guys started letting us do the beta testing stuff, so, I mean, I might just kind of go with the flow. Okay, I'll find the button. There. It's there somewhere. Yeah, and I'm not afraid to click on something. I will click on it. Usually. I know as long as you don't hit delete, you can usually get.
Adam Harrison: You can usually get it back as long as you don't delete. Well, one thing I did want to go through today is just wanted to kind of confirm our initial scope. I did get all the documents that you sent through. I think we believe so. I think we're actually good there on document collection. Have all, everything we need. We're just starting with your main office, the Arkansas. That, that billing, that billing address, everything there and then just doing Blue Cross. Cigna United. And then you did send me one more. I think that I wanted to
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: ask every one of those contracts I could find. I've several. I don't know. So here's my. Here's my dilemma. Those primary and secondary thing. I don't want to mess up with that. You don't have what you need? Because I don't have contracts with some of the secondary. Some of these are like random little companies, you know, at Southern Live Insurance people, we don't have to be credited credentialed. With, so. And I was thinking so, ok. I feel like I'm still in January. I'm not that far behind. I feel, like, on everything. So I was thinking I got June in my head because that's when my contracts for Valent and White Storage in July. And so that's kind of what I would love to do, is, like, completely. Be changed over by then. At this point, it's like, man, if you can do it, if you can honestly bill and do it, then let's just start moving them over as you can do it. Because I'm afraid we'll run into a secondary, primary, secondary issue. And then the eras. If we don't start moving, just get this moved over, we're going to have a big mess for the Billers to try to figure out, you know, where's this era, where's this at? And if we can. I know. I don't want to dump that all in your lap. I know we talked about three, but I got thinking, oh, my God, it's March. And you know, that's three months for us to try to get. And usually, on average, to get crap done with an insurance company is 90. To 120 days. So, you know, I'm like, we better start jumping in there. So I have sent you way more than Joe's three. I don't care. I just need to know when you're set up and ready to build stuff for which insurance company, so I know which ones I need to be. I don't know how to separate out what. What's going to be built through you versus what I need to build through bail at is what I need to know. And then Kathy. She's pretty tech savvy. I don't have to worry about her. She'll be the same. I'll just need to know. Are we ready at the Pigott Clinic? Tammy? I may have to stand over Tammy a little bit, but she only works one day a week, and so. It's. And it'll be okay. I'll deal with Tammy. Lord. And that's if she shows up. And she always sees eight patients a day, so it's not like it's going to be the end of the world. She's my very part time therapist. She says she's coming back full time. I don't believe that, but anyways, so yes, let's do that. My hesitancy in Missouri is The only other thing that would keep us from just switching over when you're ready to do a second address is the prescribing part. She really, really, really wants to get on the prescribing for jot, but we can't do that yet until you are ready for our collaborators because her collaborator has to be able to get in our sheet. She has more prescriptions to go through her collaborator than I do mine. My collaborator felt so bad for billing me, she called me and she like, girl, I'm going to charge you by the hour so you don't bother me. And she's like, I like turkey, $125 an hour. And she says, going to take you three, four months even to get to an hour. She says, you take me no time because we. We in Arkansas, we have independent practice, and we don't have a lot of. We just don't have as much of the oversight like they do in Missouri. Missouri. Her collaborator has to send every stimulant in that she sends. So every ADHD kid she sees, he has to send every one of those. So if he has to have a capability to log in and send prescriptions and see her charts. He does not see any patients. He never lays hands on a patient. We never bill for him. He is just. All he does is send prescriptions. That's all he does for me. He is a psychiatrist. He just collaborates with nurse practitioners all across the U. S. That's his job.
Adam Harrison: Okay. Well, certainly here on that agree. Let's just start with Arkansas as you can, guys.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: You may get. You know, you guys can see my insurance list, which looks crazier than what it is. A lot of those are secondaries that we had to add in there, so we had something to attach an era to. But our primaries, you've got our analysis that's got like our primary payers and stuff. You've seen all the primary insurances. And I was like, I don't care. Just move it over. Just tell me when I wear need to be on what and how I need to do it and we'll do it. We'll just jump in.
Adam Harrison: I ain't never been.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Just do something gradually. I always run into something. I always run into something. And so if we got to work out any kings, let's get it worked out. Let's just do it.
Adam Harrison: Awesome. Well, that sounds good to us. Yeah, we can start getting all those things loaded in. So. But I think. I think what I have. I'm not sure I have a list of all of your payers unless I would just pull that out.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: You have nights log into my to violence.
Adam Harrison: Ok, so I'll just get it from Valent then.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Yeah, and it's got all of it in there. And then when you click on the insurance, it'll give you the adi. If, if it has an ad, if it's a secondary payer, it might not even have any. We may have just put their name in there and their tax ID or something. I can't remember what the minimum required requirements were because you know, like I said, we didn't credential with them, and we don't do eligibility checks on some of the secondary that are crossovers for Medicare because there's like. And realize there was that many random little secondary crossovers until we started getting the checks. And I'm like, what the F. Who is this? Why Will life insurance company paying the Medicare payments? So anyways, it's very difficult to keep up with it and it has changed a lot in 10 years. So I am welcoming the help.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, and one thing I wanted to check with you so that we'll work on getting kind of everything. Moved over.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: And the template. I have not corrected my template, if that's. If you want to ask me that.
Adam Harrison: That was next.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: I did not get you the updated version of that. Let me. I don't know how. I do not have an updated version of that on this computer. So it must be saved on my desktop at work.
Adam Harrison: This one here?
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Yes. Because, like, oh, this is, well, kind of. So, Kathy, like, that's when. I first started doing her number. She has a Medicare ID number. She has a Medicaid ID number. Kathy, Not Katie. I know. I got too many Cutties. I can't keep them straight either. Katie, Kelsey. They're all kill me over one. She doesn't have a pink. Somehow she's not pink.
Adam Harrison: I don't know this one. Yes.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Kathy. Kathy. Yeah, that Cathy. So she does have a Medicare number and the Arkansas Medicaid number. I just don't. Let me get you an updated version so you'll have all the numbers. But, like, pretty much that's all of her stuff. And she has a DEA number, which I don't think you will need that for most insurances. I don't think they ask for that as much as they used to. Is. What I need to see is our CLIA number on there. Because I bet you for the clinic you'll we don't do a lot of labs, but occasionally we'll do your analysis or urinary pregnancy test. We don't do a whole lot in office, so I'll get the CLIA number on there. That's just something that is programmed in our system. And I never have to have it. But you'll need it. Bridget is no longer there. I'll hold on to her numbers for a little while in case something comes up. She as of like this last month. She's not with us anymore because she just cheered to me. Irons in the fire. She good therapist. She just had too much going on. Doctor Huffman's my collaborator.
Adam Harrison: She does not.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: She is mine and mine and Kathy's collaborator. Only thing she needs to be able to do is review charts and to send prescriptions.
Adam Harrison: Is that just for this office, or is that both pigeons?
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Laura Hookman is for Pigott and Cody Vassar. That's over here on the other side. I just, like, stuck them on there as I went. That's why this Excel is kind of, like, random and all over the place.
Adam Harrison: No, no, it's totally fine. This is actually really helpful.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: I live by this Excel sheet. Everybody in my office. I only have three main staff people. Okay. So it's not like a big office. They all have a copy of this because somebody's going to call me the number for something. So Cody Nasser is. For Kansas City or Harrison. Bayless is part of Kansas City. It's like a suburb.
Adam Harrison: That's the collaborator?
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Yes, Corrison. And like I said, he's, like, in Tennessee. But. She likes. He's kind of expensive, but whatever. We can work. Missouri is a hard, one of the hardest states to work in for nurse practitioners. And I know that as far as working. But in the insurance thing turned out to be a monster when we we did it. We are collaborated or we are credentialed with pretty much everybody that we see in Missouri, but like a Kansas City. Like, if I'm going to get a random insurance I've never heard of, it's going to be from up around there.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Because, like, they had, like, Trobato and a couple other, like, I guess they have a lot of smaller little companies up there that buy all these little random. Entrances, and she'll call me. She's like, can I take this? I'm like, girl, I never heard that. Say, man. Picture of the card. And so we'll call and find out. So those are our two collaborators. And then, like I said, I'll get you updated, and I'll make sure you got to clear numbers. All of our numbers on here. I don't think. My Arkansas and my Tennessee license are due this month, so I'll be updating those this month and have new dates on those. I just haven't done it yet.
Adam Harrison: Catherine Smith, is she?
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: She's in. She's the one that is in Harrisonville. She is the only provider in Harrisonville. She's just a friend of mine I went to MP school with and she had just, like, randomly called me out of Thought Blue one day.
Adam Harrison: She's like, yeah, she's.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Like I quit my job. Did I tell you, like. No, you didn't tell me that. But anyways, she runs that up there and. Well, I say she runs out. She's got a little office space and all her calls, everything comes through our office, she does. So if you got any questions, just call her, just. Call me. You call Katie. She's got. She gonna mix you up. She gonna turn you around backwards, and she is just like, no. You saved her life in Harrisonville, okay? She did not chart for six months, and I was about to die. We lost everything. And on her for the first six months, like, hey, if you don't do your charts, I'm like, oh, my God. Oh, my God. Do your charts.
Adam Harrison: Your charts.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: So she's like, well, why don't I make it any money? I'm like, well, Katie, you got a bill for you to, like, get him money. You got to sign the chart. And I'm like, I can't. I'm not up there to I mean, you're six hours away.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: I'm not there to stand over you and say, you've got to do your work. I said so. You got to do your work.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: And, yeah, she's had to learn that she has not worked by herself before. And I'm like, that's why I put people on commission. They don't need a work. You don't get paid. That's just how it is.
Adam Harrison: That's what you have to do. So, one thing I wanted to ask is. For Dr. Huffman.
Adam Harrison: Is there anything. That you are missing from us and job site today for you know, because I know you have this as your collaborator here.
Adam Harrison: Is there any like blockers with that for us to do your billing that I might be not revealing?
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: She we do not bill under our collaborators. We strictly do ourselves so you don't have to worry about that.
Adam Harrison: Perfect.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: The only thing that practitioner consult with on the other side of Kansas City. She didn't call me in six months, she starts calling me while I'm on with you.
Adam Harrison: We can probably wrap up here soon.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: No, No, I ain't calling her back. It'll take me three hours to have fun with it. I'm bad enough. You think I'm bad? You not saying anything. Like I said, Bridget's not there. Tammy's there. Tammy's my very, very, very part time. But as far as Dr. Huffman, she needs to be able to prescribe because every six months. So this is one of these little quirky Arkansas rules. They gave us independent practice, but they've not updated the rules, the bylaws and the rules. And so every six months, the doctor has to sign. A prescription if It's a Schedule 2, so all the stimulants. So that's why she very rarely does anything for us. But she may send one or two scripts a week or she may not hear from us for six weeks. It just depends on how often they're coming in. But every six months. She has to send. One prescription for this patient to the pharmacy, and then I can see them next five. That's what I pay her to do. And she, like, reviews, like 15. I have to look at her collaborative practice agreement. I think she reviews 15 charts a quarter or so. It's not, not. It's not very many. But she will make access. Those two will need access. Cody is very picky. I know. He likes to, like, be in the system. He does not have. He does not have outside software. So if we ran into something with Dr. Huffman, what we can technically do if we had a problem is I could text her and say, hey, can you put this one in your system and send the prescription from your your ehr. The pharmacies Empirical, Arkansas do not like that. My pharmacies and Pigott are fine, but I see people with a big radius and but if we did run into glitch with her, I have an alternative, but. With Cody. I do not. Because he does not have his own ehr.
Adam Harrison: Got it. Got it. Okay, that's helpful. Good to know. And then in terms of the rest of your staff, like non clinicians, you said you have a biller who's part time, and then you have, like, some front desk folks.
Adam Harrison: Who are they doing, like, eligibility checks?
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: The only thing that my front desk person right now is not in a good, like HIPAA related environment. The way their desk is set up, we're in the middle of some construction. Once we get their desk up, he's going to be able to take payments. That's probably the most that I'm going. And he checks people in, he answers the door. Right now because the door we use as a side door in an alley and we just like, keep the door locked, but when we get our main front doors put in, it'll be a mark. But anyways, he checks people in and he'll be. I want him to be able to take payments. My secretary, when she. She's been doing. So I have like a main. Like an admin. It says assisted secretary, where you would call her. I call her a chaos coordinator. But anyways, she does the scheduling and what she's been doing is running eligibility checks on. We don't work on Friday, so she'll run. Them at the end of day Thursday for the following week so that we can catch anybody who's their insurance is, you know, not active. She'll run that. And so we'll, you know, get our little report and we know who we need to call and so how your insurance is not working. What do we we're, you know, have you changed insurance? What's the plan, whatever. And we have time to kind of catch that beforehand.
Adam Harrison: She also.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: When she puts them in, so. Okay. Right now. So this will change because when we change over to your intake forms, I don't know how our workflow. I don't. Know how our workflow will be. But right now we pay form doctor because violence intake form suck and so or they did when we started anyway. So we wish paid form doctor Born doctor sends us an email. It tells my new people you have new intake forms. So she will take those and she will put in all of their address information and she checks an eligibility that day when she puts them in the system. Now they'll get it again if they are coming in the following week, that they may be coming in that week. So she goes ahead and she checks their insurance when she puts them, makes them their first appointment and she puts them in. And then like I said, I don't know how that workflow Lee, when we change over to your intake forms, which we want to do. And that is something she is looking forward to. But I don't know how guys have got that set up not to alert us and let us know how you have new intake forms because we connect our intake forms to our website and a lot of people know just to, hey, go to their website on their first page and just click on add a list and then type forms or delete and type forms or whatever it is, you know, and then you can just fill it out and it's the same length that we send on anyways when we text it to them. So that's our work with that right now. So we do. We do do the eligibility text. It's just the week before.
Adam Harrison: Perfect. Yeah, we can. We'll definitely maybe set up some time with, you know, when we get to that point with you and your maybe front desk and secretary person and walk through how to do eligibility, how to do forms, how that workflow all works.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: As far as staff, I'm sorry I sidetracked you. My nurse, I got one. I got an rn and I have a Spratto coordinator. She's the one that takes care of all the Spratto scheduling. She's the one that, you know, checks them and she takes care of them. She does everything's bravado. And then I have so secretary, rn, Servato. Coordinator. I have the part time biller. I don't know. She could help me send over, like, eras and stuff that come in. She really literally only works maybe one or three hours a week. It just depends on what it is. So I'm not. I'm sure we can find something for her to do. I'm not too worried about it. And the front desk. My brother in law, he's my accountant and so he gets all he, he gets financial information out of there for some, some stuff. I don't know, I guess he like checks and make sure that everything that's coming says is coming in. He does like. A cross check something he's not. He'd been slacking on me lately, but anyways, he has a login. Because he also has him some medical background, too. But doctor, of course, the doctors that have their login. And. And I don't have any staff up there. My husband is an rn. He does fill in some for us. And so he has a login. I can look at everybody's catalog and you guys have a login. I don't have a whole lot of people with logins other than that. And I may have. The other thing you may want to take into consideration, you may have already done it is we need a way to put in a student. Just like a free chair for a student. They don't do nothing. They don't. Make us my money, but they need a way when we we do precepting for them to be able to go in and view charts.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: And I would love for them to be able to, like, start a chart but not lock a note because they need to learn how to document while they're in school. So when they come out of school, they're not like, you know, they're. They're not learning right now since we've changed over to EHRs, it's like if they don't have access, they're not learning how to chart and so which, like, all of mine are spoiled. Right now since I've started doing jot cyc and they're all going to these new jobs and they're like, They're making me chart. I'm like, you might want to pay for drop sac.
Adam Harrison: Yes. Yes. Okay. That's all really helpful background. So we'll definitely. I think let's not put on the calendar quite yet because I think I want to get all the insurance stuff set up first. But we should definitely do a training with you and your team on, like, how eligibility works, how the forms work. How that whole workflow is going to change because you want it to all fit together, right? You want to be able to. Your calendar and your forms and your patience and your notes and your claim, they're all in one place, right?
Adam Harrison: So the nice thing about Job Seg, we do have our own forms integrated, so you don't have to, you know, use that. External. I forget what you the name of it was, but form doctor, it's just.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Yeah, I remember how I found it. Such a rush to find the facts, because our fax system, we had just out and grew it, and it didn't label stuff. It was free that we had. It came with our phones, and it was just. It was causing so much stress. And I was like, okay, there's got to be a digital fact service. Out there. And I love it. It works good. But I didn't know that it was out of Europe or somewhere, like France or somewhere. And so when. But then they do the billing. My bank keeps kicking it back, saying that it's probably fraud. And so, like, every month, they have to call me. I'm like, I, like, have to call the bank and say, I wish you would fix this. But they said if I do it, I have to turn. On, like. Like, okay. For all over the world. I can't just turn it on for just that one company for their transactions. I'm like, man, I wish I'd known. That was, like, out of. And then the way it's. It didn't tell you that when it's advertised. But anyway, my fax company is, like, out of the country, and I didn't even know it. And I'm like, I did not know that was even possible. I did not think to check that kind of thing.
Adam Harrison: Yes. Okay, that's all good to know. So I'm just going to go back to my list here. So we talked about payers and scope. Sounds like you want it as soon as.
Adam Harrison: Like as soon as possible. Get to all of them. Maybe we'll start with one or something. But we will. We'll figure out the best path there.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: You do one a week, One every two weeks. Whatever it is that you need to do. Whatever's a good workflow for you guys, and just as long as I know where I need to be doing what and I'm good.
Adam Harrison: Ok. So I may, what I may do is look in Valen and look at kind of just how many patients are kind of coming up on your calendar with different payers, because it might make sense to start with one that's, like, more manageable, and then we do the rest kind of quickly after. So just. Because like, if we want to change the era routing, you know, you kind of want to like, that can get wonky if you don't do it.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: If you let me ask you this. So I've had to have had to do this a couple different ways. And Michelle know what I'm talking about when I've had companies where I assign, like, a piece of paper saying that they could go in and they could, on our behalf, change our eras or whatever. And then I've had companies like Waystar that some of them they set up, and some of them I had to go in and stuff, so I don't know which way is easier for you guys to do and less frustrating, but
Adam Harrison: it's going to be payer dependent from my understanding. Michelle, you know, you, you obviously have seen more than I have, but we will try to do as much as we can like on our end. But sometimes the payer is going to make you do something sometimes they're going to let us.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: But as long as I save all my password. Google Chrome. So, I mean, like, we would log into that, what, every three years and some of those sites and so if it wasn't for Google Chrome, we've been trouble. So. Yes. And if you want to. You are welcome to. My schedule will probably be chaos next week, so it will give you a good idea if you wanted to run, like, an eligibility check for next week. I don't know. She. She may have already run it. If you're in Valent, it's under. It's in a weird. Place. It's not under reports, but it's called report queue. It's under like tools or something. If she's run one. This for next week. Well, it's not Thursday, it's Tuesday. But you can run it for next week. I mean, ain't that big a deal, okay? Just. There's an eligibility check right there in Valent, and if you want to run it for the week, it actually is a kind of a decent report. Sometimes it'll mix up and it'll say, like we. Have no information, but usually that's on their secondary. It's where it gets mixed up as their secondary, but it usually gets their primary right. And so it'll have a list of, like, But you'll need to put in the clinic site, so that'll be one of the options to sort. So make sure you put in pig it. Don't just put my name in or you won't get all the providers. So I think you can sort it by clinic site and because she runs it. Like for everybody, but canvassing everywhere. But you can pull it and it'll tell you. Which insurance is. I will tell you my I think my biggest players were Ambedder, Arkansas Blue Cross Blue Shield and. So in arkansas, Medicaid, united healthcare. Those are the top four. Cygnus. Just my worst one. He was going to take my worst ones. That's why he did Cigna. And he was going to do Arkansas Blue Cross, Blue Shield, too, because. But the reason they look so bad is because they kick back those codes that 99417. Because I still put it on there. Which now, since they told me I can do the 9940, I mean, if I can get 12. Dollars. I guess I'll get $12. But it adds up over time, I guess. But until they change and update the policy. So Arkansas Blue Cross, Blue Shield, they will need to be labeled separately. I'm assuming they'll do that. Because the Missouri clinic will have to go through Kansas City. If we cannot bill anything through Arkansas for her, it all has to go through Kansas City, Blue Cross, Blue Shield, or they kick it back. Because if she puts it in there long, I'm like, You know, Amy's really good, but I tell her, like, just be sure. Pay attention. That Blue Cross Blue Shield, if it's for Katie, it's got to be marked as the Missouri side, and so she's pretty good to put that in there. I do a lot. Our providers, we schedule. So our secretary does schedule for us. But, like, we don't send them out and say, hey, go make an appointment. We reschedule them while they're in the office. So, like, I will reschedule my patient, and I'll just put them on the calendar. Usually I don't like your calendar is like I'm just having to accept it. So that's fine with me because I tell I've learned to say I'm going to make you a medication follow up on such and such dates, such and such time. And it's been putting it on there. I figured that. That part out. So I've got to teach my providers that. I think they'll like that. But we do a lot of our own rescheduling. We do that before they walk out the door. They never see anybody else other than my son. On my son's works at the front desk, and they see him on the way out. And other than that, my people, you know, in my call. But they have. But everybody, all my three main staff in the back, they do schedule. If they. They all answer the phone. They all schedule patients. That's why those notes. In the calendar are really important. You know I was talking about.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Because Lord knows I don't know who scheduled them. Why I can. I can go into history and see who can schedule them, but anyways, can't think of anything else. So you can find all of my payers. You can find the ones that are most common. And my next week will be crazy because I've been out and so I don't even want to look at. I'm not even looked at it. I don't look at my schedule from day to day. I look at my schedule when I walk in. The door because it changes.
Adam Harrison: All day. Yeah. So we'll. And that should also have your other providers in there, too, right?
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Yes, all my providers are there. I mean, so Kathy will work. She'll be there next week, as far as I know. Tammy's going to be there next week, so that should catch all of us, as far as I know.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Everybody's going to be there next week, so it should catch most all of it. And Tammy. When I credentialed myself, I credentialed him. Kathy's going to follow the same pattern. The only one I have not done for Kathy is tricare. Because tricare had to always find that line. We're like right on that line to Kansas City's and one tricare and we're in the other critters.
Adam Harrison: Yes, yes, apologize. No, thank you.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: If you're going to have a complicated one, it might as well be ours. I don't get too frustrated. I don't know much. Good to get mad Things that can go on.
Adam Harrison: Yes. So. So just kind of recap in here. I will go into Valen and kind of do a little bit of forensic work and figure out what our, what our migration path is. That's 12 is we talked last time about, you know, kind of migrating over your patient data into job seg. So you have their insurance.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: The insurance was coming from.
Adam Harrison: Oh, I. I did not figure that out. No.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: I went back and I checked on that patient that I did in the other and did the prescription on and it. And her information's not in there. I don't know where that insurance information is coming.
Adam Harrison: Yeah. I think. I haven't been able to figure it out, unfortunately. But. But what I can do is do. I guess since we're kind of on a path to do everyone instead of just doing the Blue Cross, Signa United. I'll just move everyone in there.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: It makes you feel better. I probably only have between 1,200 patients if that in my system right now. So it won't be as big as some of the others when I close my other clinic. I had 4,000 active patients, and I was like. And I had, like, altogether had like, 6,000 patients, but I had 4,000 active, active patients, and I could have. Died when we did our migration, but this one's not as bad. When we moved over, it may be more than that, but I know when we moved over, it was only like 4 or 500 because we manually moved over our stuff. When we changed into this to bail it, we did it ourselves because we didn't have hardly anything in there. Yeah.
Adam Harrison: Yeah. Okay. That should be. Should be manageable. But, you know, I'm sure I'll find all the skeletons and weird stuff when I get in there.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: But I do have an export button that Nate used last builder, like, thing, and I think that's what he used to move it over. And I've. Used it to put, like, I put all my patients in Tiger Connect. So when you guys get to the point where you're going to do. Texting. Like, I can turn off my Tiger Connect. I I use Tiger Connect right now for our texting and they do telehealth too. But that's what I did with I just did an export and uploaded it to Tiger Connect and it put all of our patients in.
Adam Harrison: Okay. Yeah, we have, like, an internal tool for kind of doing these migrations, but, yeah, I'm sure I'll get into it once, you know, we'll. We'll see how it goes, but I think it'll. It'll be fine. I know we're kind of coming up on time. I have to jump at the hour, but I wanted to show you two quick things just in. John say related to what we discuss. Just for things to maybe explore before next time. So I don't think that we went over stripe on our last call and, like, patient
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: billing, my straps already connected to it.
Adam Harrison: You do have stripe.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Okay, yes, it's already connected to it. I have taken some payments. If this is mine, that's probably.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, this. Is mine.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: It's kind of a. But what I didn't know was, is if I put it in there, if it was going to mess up their account if I duplicated it. So, like, if they come in twice and that's the same $20 they owe and I put send them another one is. It, because there's not a way to like, yes, yes, that's right. Or whatever. So.
Adam Harrison: And we're working on that.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Yeah, yeah. And I think they gave my secretary access to this, so now she can see who paid it. Because on their stripe account, it doesn't give us their. Their name, it just. Says jock or something. I don't remember what it says. Well, she didn't know who to apply the. The payment to in Valent, so. Yeah, so we did, but I don't know if there's any, like, special things we need to do, but.
Adam Harrison: No, no, I just wanted to see if you had.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: This love. Love being able to send them a thing from just while I'm in the chart, you know, I can. Well, right now just pull up and I don't know where it will show the balances or if it'll show their balance on their note, like why I'm in their note if. It'll show it to me. But like. Or on the calendar. So, like, I've just been looking on my valent calendar to see what their balance is and then sending them a thing through here.
Adam Harrison: Yeah. Yeah. It doesn't show up on the chart right now, but it should kind of pop up at the bottom of the note. So if you. Let's. Let's go to. Let's go to a note here. So if you look, there's this little payment icon right here. That's kind of the easiest way.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Yeah, that's how I'll send it to them. I just didn't know if it was going to show their balance anywhere or an easy way to. So I know how much to put in there. Because.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, it's a good question. It should show once we turn on eligibility for you, or
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: if you can make it, on that payment tab, the button there where you send an appointment, where it shows, like, what their current balance is. And if they want to pay a different amount, fine. But, I mean, at least put the balance on that button or something. That's the only thing to that I look for is, you know, how much should they actually owe and OS or copay or whatever, you know.
Adam Harrison: Yep. And the other thing I wanted to flag was our forms.
Adam Harrison: So we do if you go to documentation and forms and then go to forms library, these are all of our kind of pre built forms. So we have an intake form which is like, you know, just pretty generic kind of like stuff. So this works the same way as payments, where they just get a text message and they kind of, like, do it on their phone. But we could do, like, a training for your front desk on how to use this, you know, kind of maybe next week or something. But then if you had your own form.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: I do. I'VE built some.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Yeah, you can just play with it. I had put in a couple of forms in there. What I didn't know how to do was to, like, if I wanted to attach it to my intake forms.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: I wanted to be able to pull it over. I didn't want to, like, build all that and then it not pull over into their name and address and all that stuff. I don't want to remake the wheel either. If you've already got it in there, then, you know, I don't want to. Add it. My people don't want extra forms to sign.
Adam Harrison: Yeah. This will feed right into their patient profile.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Okay, good. Good.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, so that's. That's kind of the idea is it's, like, super streamlined, so if. But if you already got it up and running, then we can just.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: I'm telling you, I've been using the crap out of the forms. I. I send them their php. So when I tell you everybody's logged in under me, everybody's logged in on me because.
Adam Harrison: Awesome.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: So, my spravato coordinator, we do. PHQ9s and GAD7s on them every month, the first week of a month. And so I had her. I've showed her how to go in here and send those to them through here. The only thing is, and I think. I don't know, I think you may have fixed it. I had to ask my nurse was like, on the major score in the PHQ9. The insurance companies won't just take the score, they have to.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: See the answers. Yeah, they want to see the answers. They want to see the actual form. And I think you got it where she can see the form. But the major score right now is, is Valent. It's. It's a objective. I see it. It's not a subjective or they fill it in, so. You've got a major thing, but it's not really for me to fill in. I don't think. I think it's just one to send. Can I fill it in like the scores on the forms? Yes. That's the only one that is a little different.
Adam Harrison: But so you want to be able to manually,
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: like, if they're in the office and I want to ask them those questions because I know, like, if I send it to them 10 times, they're not going to fill it out.
Adam Harrison: Oh, yeah. So what you would do is, like. This is like test result. Like, I sent this. This is. You would just go to add score, and you could just type in what the. What the score is, and it'll. It'll show up here.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: But it wouldn't show the form, which is what we got sent to the insurance company.
Adam Harrison: It would not show the form.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: No. We need an option on those patient forms. Somewhere that says fill out with patient or something.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Because if I can't give them, I mean, I got people. I can send it to them all day long, and I swear they don't know how to use their phone, but they can. Text all day long and they can't click and fill this form out.
Adam Harrison: Ok.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: And so that it's just dealing with people. So, you know.
Adam Harrison: Okay, that's good to know. That's good. I'll pass that back to the team. So I think I know I got to run here, Amanda, but I think just as next steps here, I will work on the patient migration data. I'll work on looking through Valen and figuring out what we're going to do with regards to, like, a payer migration path. If you don't mind. Just spend a little more time on your template and making sure.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: I'm going to go through that and do that. Actually, I'll probably do that tomorrow. I'm gonna. I'm supposed to be on vacation, but I'm gonna chart all day tomorrow and sign off all my spravato and. I need to make a template in your system for sp Bravado alone for our spravato visits. Because that's not one we can record, but it's one. She just, like, takes the information. It's 10 faded in our other system. I'll copy it over and make it template, but. Yes, I've got to update my other form. I've got a ton of crap on my forum or my note, but I've just been testing out your different things that I've found and I'll put them in my note for a while and I'll decide if I want to keep it if I like it and not I'll delete it the section out of there later. You know, if it's something. So I've been playing. I have played with it a lot and my staff is not that I have played with it a lot. Ok, great.
Adam Harrison: Yeah. Once you have, like, the different note templates you want finalized, then we can, like, you know, make it an organization template and we can share it with your staff and do the training and all that fun stuff. So I would say this week let's focus on those two things, and then maybe we could check in just for, like, you know, 15 minutes or so on Friday to see kind of like how everything's going and what we want to do next.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: I've got double check my dentist appointment on Friday. Do you ever get this crown pick on somebody's second attempt? Let's see. At this.
Adam Harrison: I also have a dentist on Friday.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: I think it's like. Wait a minute. It's not showing on the calendar. This is Black Sugar. It is March 13, I think it says Friday. It enters that next slide.
Adam Harrison: That's the next Friday.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: This makes my A. Is 12:30 okay? So this Friday I don't have anything then.
Adam Harrison: Okay, I'm flexible. What is better for you, morning or afternoon?
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Afternoon. I'm not sleeping.
Adam Harrison: All right. Do you want to do 1pm.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Yep.
Adam Harrison: It'll work.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Yeah, I'm used to it. My 10, so one's fine. Don't give me time to get up around and take care of any crisis that's happened that morning, get it taken.
Adam Harrison: I do two eastern instead or whatever.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Good. Yeah, two easterns. 11 for me, I mean. I'm good.
Adam Harrison: Okay. All right. I'll. I'll set it over for. Let's split the difference. We'll do 130 Eastern. Okay?
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Okay. And then do you name me outside of. They're still getting insurance information. I did ask them to date. My secretary is working on. She's contacted everybody that I've given. She took, like, a list of our insurers and we went through the ones I knew we were going to need, and she's been contacting them. I've been contacting them. I've sent you everything that I have. A copy of a contract and a copy of a fee schedule. There was only one in there that I had, an updated fee schedule. I've got to get ahold of Aetna. I've already messaged them. She's already messaged them because they sent me a letter, said that they agreed to my increase in my fee schedule, but they didn't send me a copy of the fee schedule, so I don't know what my fee schedule is for it, so I've got to get that. But is there anything else you need besides that?
Adam Harrison: No, I think you're already very much on top of it. So as you get things, just forward them to me, and I'll make sure they all get, like, logged in our system.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: Michelle, do you have anything from me?
michelle.lynn: I don't. I think I'm good.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: I'm so excited. You don't even know.
michelle.lynn: I mean, you're through it. We'll have lots of questions.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: It's okay. It's all right. I'm good with. I. I appreciate you guys. You guys have done a wonderful job. I've told you that before. So, yeah, I'll just keep on rolling.
Adam Harrison: All right, thanks. Enjoy the rest. Of your day off, right? And hopefully you get to do some fun stuff other than charting.
Amanda Smallmon APRN, FNP, PMHNP: You know what if I will just hurt if I got my water turned back on and the iron was good. I'm gonna go take a Jacuzzi bath and just. I'm on rest before my kids get out of school. I'll talk to you later. Bye. All right, bye.