Nirvana: That's perfect.
Adam Harrison: Awesome.
Nirvana: Yeah, I see, I see the questions that just came through their email. So source. So first question. So which of these outputs come directly from the 271? I believe most. Right Dan. Most of the responses come from the 271. Something like benefit structure we put together. That's part of our logic estimator thing like that.
Nirvana: That's, you know, that's all, that's all our logic. Any like type of like demographic correction that we make. So if we corrected a member ID or if we corrected a first name, last name, date of birth, that's all our logic. So yeah that, that comes from us, the third party admin. So we've done a lot of work on our end to be able to detect, detect and understand. So even if a third party doesn't come back in the, in the response there are ways that we're able to detect if the, if there's a third party payer available. So that's like sometimes it's us, sometimes it's the, it's, it's the response.
Nirvana: Okay, so and where does network status fall in the above? That's a, that, that's a great question. So nobody really does network status. I'll caveat that because it's. So when you're doing an eligibility check you're we're telling folks that person is in or out of network with that payer in plan, not the actual provider. But with that being said, we are going to be releasing a network status tool that's going to be in our where you'll be able to actually upload payer contracts. So your clients will be able to upload payer contracts and then ma. And then basically what it'll do is it'll take those contracts that they've uploaded into our system and marry it back into the response to give them a network status. It's like the next best thing simply because payer contracts are typically housed in two places with the payer and then with the providers. And if they're, if neither are keeping them up to date like a, like a network status tool just really isn't a something that's like accurate.
Nirvana: So we feel an accurate way to do network status, which we've confirmed with a lot of our clients that they agree that that would be the best way let them upload their contracts into our system, we can marry in the results. So once they have it uploaded, once something changes, they will have to touch it and they'll get it back in our response.
Dan Quinn: Yeah, exactly. So what a lot of customers do today is manage that in a spreadsheet. So they'll have the provider mpi, they'll have the name of the payer, they'll have the name of the plan name, the group name, whatever combination of those things to determine. Like network status. So within. I actually just saw a demo of it for the first time before this call. So it's very pertinent within the one Verify portal. Whether you're going to be using our API or one Verify, it's all going to be kind of mapped there. So you'll upload, very simple, upload a list of your MPIs payer in out and like determination of the in or out. And then if it is an out of network check, for example, if it's out of network with that plan, it'll come through in the response as this payer is out of network with this provider.
Dan Quinn: It's been a very heavily requested feature.
Dan Quinn: So I'm glad you asked because I'm really excited about it and it's going to be big.
Adam Harrison: That makes sense. The current network flag, what is that based on?
Nirvana: Sorry, go ahead.
Dan Quinn: Yeah, that's just that we're able to look up health plans have typically like here's your in network benefits. So say you're running a check for Dan Quinn. I have Oxford. Within these health plans there's in network specific benefits and out of network specific benefits. So if you're running an out of network check for me, the responses will be different and that, that's what you see what we have right now.
Adam Harrison: So the response is not commenting on whether the provider NTI is in network, it's simply talking about the benefits.
Dan Quinn: Correct.
Adam Harrison: Shown are for an in network provider.
Dan Quinn: Yeah, yeah, exactly.
Nirvana: And that would be the same for us for Steady, for anybody.
Adam Harrison: Right, okay. And I think. Yeah, I'm sorry. No, no, I think that that's all super clear. So one thing I am trying to sort of get at here is like the question behind my question a little bit of like those three different sources of results. So I think like category one things that come directly from the 271, like you know, those are things that like probably we could just go to like Steady or any other more clearinghouse based solutions. What I'm really curious for, to be able to make the case for Nirvana internally is like that number two and number three category that is going to save our engineering team time and effort and things like carve outs and maybe detecting if there's multiple plans or this network thing that you're describing now. So maybe cost share stuff. Can you just help me articulate sort of what I need to go relay internally to kind of tell my cto, hey, nirvana has given us something.
Adam Harrison: You got more incremental than the 271. That's. Kind of like the question behind my question. And I'm still learning about some of all the nuances of behavioral health like carve outs and you know, some of the different alerts that you have and you know how important those things are or not. So that's really like what I'm trying to like. I think there's a lot of questions in here, but if there was one main objective from this call, that's sort of what I'm trying to like be able to come back for the teamworks.
Nirvana: You got it? Yeah. So the big I I'll tell you right away, the biggest difference between like that you're going to get between us and Steady or any clearinghouse is first is going to be the results that you're going to get back. We're already going to be parsing out for you. So with Steady you're going to have to parse out the results and pick the correct values. So in the 271 response, let's say just for mental health, there could be multiple cost share values for mental health. Knowing the right one and being able to pick the right one is going to be one of the premium things that we do and we are able to do that very accurately because of our machine learning models. Being able to ingest ERA data and having mapped all these plans already, that's going to be a major difference between us and, and a steady. So if you went with Steady you'd have to do all that logic and then it's still possible that you are grabbing the potentially wrong cost share values. That's like one of our core value props or the core value prop of nirvana is being able to, especially with mental and behavioral health, pick out the correct cost share for a specific modality service type like psychiatry, psychology and everything that's involved there. That's going to be one of the biggest differences I would say then from there would be how permissive we are. So if one of your clients who would be essentially the end user of this, you know like when it's all said and done, if they have any bad data on their end, so let's say they have a spelled name wrong or a member ID wrong, when you do that through a regular clearinghouse check, the check will fail automatically. Nirvana's will be able to go through, we'll be able to do our logic and most of the time we're going to be able to find the person, correct the data for you and do a successful check. That's another big difference. We've also spent and invested a lot of our time in matching up carve outs additional policies that are on file. Really getting good at bringing that information back into the response. So I, I would say those are definitely the biggest differences and biggest value over steady. And Dan, if there's anything else you think I may have left out, please.
Dan Quinn: No, that. That's pretty much everything. What I find really helpful, Adam, is I'm going to quickly show this one slide. It kind of puts everything into product. Perspective, it might help you visualize things a little bit more. Give me one sec here. Especially if there's a desire to. Reduce, work with your engineering team. That's exactly why customers are using us. So I always find this visual really helpful and I can send this to you if you need to reference it when you're talking to your cto. But basically this is what a clearinghouse will send you and this is what folks internally or engineers will have to build around. It's really hard to interpret data. Here's what we have in the Nirvana results. So it's everything packaged up. Only the pieces of information that are relevant for that individual check come through in the nirvana response. There's no parsing of this data. That's going to be, that's going to need to happen on your end. That's already taking place in the response from nirvana. So it just, it, it just ties into that whole thing. And this is why customers use us over like a clearinghouse. It ties into that whole notion of reducing overhead and reducing hours spent on a single verification. When you look at this on the left versus this on the right, that's, that's kind of what we're offering at like as the biggest, I think, advantage over a clearinghouse.
Adam Harrison: And you guys mind? Just because I'm still learning the space in terms of the example you mentioned of. Sorry, of like parve outs and when there's additional policies. Can you explain like why, why is that important to know? Maybe just started to like slow down to like very basic things.
Dan Quinn: But no, it's complicated, trust me.
Nirvana: So, so we'll just start, we'll start with additional policies and that's really for any service, whether it's mental health or primary care or anything. Just knowing, being, knowing additional policies that a person has because it matters. Then for coordination of benefits, meaning who, which payer you have to build first, who's going to be the one to bill, who's the primary versus the secondary. We will pull that back and we will tell you. So let's say somebody gave you information or your client information saying I have this plan. They run that through. Great. They come, the response comes back and it tells them, oh, that's actually their secondary policy. We were able to detect an additional policy and marked it as their primary.
Nirvana: When you get to carve outs, Behavioral health carves out a ton of. So a lot of folks may have Blue Cross Blue Shield, but their plans carve all their mental health benefits out or many of their plans carve out to Magellan. So you need to know that. Because if you submit the claim to Blue Cross Blue Shield, it's just going to simply get denied. You're going to have to resubmit the claim. Time to be able to collect is going to obviously go, you know, go up the ar, things like that because you, you now have a denial. You have to resubmit. We're able to detect if there's a third party payer and if the third party payer is who you need to file claims to, we actually are able to flag that and bring it back in in our response. And that is extremely common in mental and behavioral health. So you have carve outs like Magellan, Optum, UMR for all the major payers. They all kind of have like these different carve outs that for mental health benefits. So it's just one of like the really big caveats in, in mental and behavioral health.
Adam Harrison: Yeah. And super helpful. And how do you guys detect the carve outs?
Nirvana: So a lot of times they're, they're going to be somewhere, living somewhere in the 271 response. But they're hard to find and hard to figure out where they are. So again that comes with like us mapping the era data that we've done over the years and, and knowing where the plants to be able to detect, you know, patterns as to where to find in the response for let's say Blue Cross, Blue Shield of New York or Empire. We know that for these, for, for that the plan typically lives. The third party carve out lives in this section of the 271.
Nirvana: Our logic knows where to go find it, to pull it back to it. Sometimes you won't get, you know, you'll either maybe struggle to find it in like a clearinghouse response or it won't pull from the right spot.
Dan Quinn: Yeah, on top of that we also, we do a lot of, we have an internal. I think we may have brought this up last time around like our internal billing team, they're constantly auditing just random like sampling of policies to ensure that we're pulling back carve outs where there are carve outs or where there are third party payers. So it's a mix of the existing logic that we have in place but also just having the, we have like institutional knowledge of these payers that for example at the end of 2025 we knew that two major BCBS states were going to drop Magellan as a carve out. That's something like we had to build towards and build ahead of to plan around. So starting in 2026 those checks came back as accurate. So a lot of times we're ahead of the curve or we just have the institutional knowledge of the payers because we do all this work on the kind of behind the scenes, which also helps our carve out detection rate. That said, there are cigna. CIGNA has tons and tons and tons of carve outs. We can't detect them all. However, we do detect the ones that we see the most frequently. And we're always kind of adding more carve outs as they, as we kind of see them come up more and more. But it is, it's like Corey said, it's like a, it's a crazy thing that only behavioral health plans have where they're being carved out to different things, but. But we do, we have a pretty good fill rate for those.
Adam Harrison: And just curious, rough, rough percentage. How often does the carve out specified in the 271 versus hey, we actually have to consult some external table that Nirvana has built some institutional knowledge and it's probably hard to answer but rough order question.
Dan Quinn: I think primarily it's. It's in the 271. Like I would say most of the time it is depending on the payer. Right. I think there's a lot of dependencies on that based on the payer. Like the bigger payers it likely is in there somewhere. Some of the like the mid size smaller payers. It's. It's something that like we have to go and figure out on our own and build around on our own. Another caveat to that is like I mentioned with Cigna, there are they have like 100 carve outs, 100 different third party administrators. All of those won't be in the 271. That's another kind of institutional thing that we build around too is all the different carve outs that they're adding based on the different plan and plan groupings. But I can't give you a percentage on like which ones are actually available in the 271. Unfortunately I can get more information on that. Someone on our product team must know. But yeah, I'm not, I'm not entirely sure.
Adam Harrison: Okay, no worries. And one other question, just on that like that slide you shared of like taking the 271 and kind of just pulling out the key things like that was super helpful. Curious to know if we were to like use Nirvana, can we also get the raw response or is that all kind of abstracted away?
Dan Quinn: Yeah, it's abstracted away like for a reason for. That data does live in like our database. So if there's any. What we use the 271 data for on our side is basically for like advanced troubleshooting. If we see something that return like an incorrect copay, then Nirvana engineers Nirvana product team will use those 271 responses to try and troubleshoot to understand why did we pull this value versus this value? It's not something like truthfully it's not something customers need or ask for because they're using Nirvana, they're giving the response in. The Nirvana API response is giving you everything you already need. That said, if there are things that you call out, for example, hey, there should have been a carve out here or there should have been an additional policy here. Why didn't that show up in the nirvana response, then that's. That falls on us to go through that data and understand, like, why we didn't parse that through in the response to the customer.
Adam Harrison: Okay, so I'm guessing we're probably going to want to also be. To have like the RAW response as well as the like summarized response.
Adam Harrison: But you're saying that is like not really an option?
Dan Quinn: No. So what, you can get the RAW response from nirvana? It's not going to contain every single thing that you see in the 271 in our API documentation. There's a ton more like that you'll see in the response that you might not see like in the slide I just showed you. So it'll basically have every field that you would need for an insurance eligibility check. If you look at the results I sent you, all of that is available in the RAW response, so columns A through what is it? B BU is what you'd get back in the RAW response.
Adam Harrison: Okay, but we wouldn't be able to get like a JSON file of just the 271 like as it came. You guys abstract that away?
Dan Quinn: Yeah, yeah, pretty much. It doesn't like, it doesn't live as like a, as its own file that we could easily like export it over to. But like I said, if there's, if there's certain fields not in the out of the box nirvana response that you're curious about, that all lives in our database. I can just pull that in our Mongo instance and find that that's not hard for us to do. Automating that though, is not possible right now.
Adam Harrison: I'm not sure if we would need it or not, but I could see a world where we want to do our own analysis on the RAW thing and.
Adam Harrison: I could see that potentially being important to us, but I'm not sure yet. I'm kind of like guessing a little bit.
Dan Quinn: Where you can tell you.
Nirvana: I can tell you it's a very uncommon ask from any of our mental health clients, if that helps you. It's a very uncommon ask.
Adam Harrison: Yeah. Makes sense. And do you have clients like us who are sort of like the software intermediaries or are most of your clients actually like clinics and, you know, more on the provider side of things?
Dan Quinn: No, it's.
Nirvana: It's a full mix, so I'd probably say we're probably definitely weighted towards direct to provider, but we are. We work with outsourced BPOs that are doing rev cycle work for a lot of different clients. We have indirect integrations where we're the enhanced version. So.
Nirvana: And it's probably a good comparison. So we have direct integrations for specific EHRs and EMRs where they will use us for all their mental health benefits versus what their standard integration is with their clearing with their standard clearinghouse. Because of this information we get back and because we're handling the engineering logic and the information that they're getting back from the standard clearinghouse is not nearly as good of data or enhanced. Valent is one of them. We have integration with advanced md, Athena, Veradigm, so people do rely heavily on us for mental health benefits, specifically for integrations.
Adam Harrison: That's it. Okay. And I know we're running out of time, but
Nirvana: to stay on if you do.
Adam Harrison: Oh, yeah, a few extra minutes.
Adam Harrison: I will have to run though. But I was curious more of just if you have some kind of like. What's the word? Like just like a definitions table or like a data dictionary sort of thing of like, how to read all the different, like, alerts or coverage status and just like, how we should, you know, like partial coverage versus active partial coverage. Yeah, just some of those. We, I guess, you know, given we're moving away from like the RAW271, we just want to get pretty comfortable with, like, some of the interpretation that's happening and like, how. How these definitions work. And more importantly, like, from an operational standpoint, like, oh, if something is actually partial coverage, does that mean we need to, like, make a call to the insurance and sort of verify something and. Yeah, so some of those details, I think.
Adam Harrison: I don't know if we want to go through it all now and if there's like a PDF you could share.
Dan Quinn: Yeah, we'll. We'll definitely share. I just wanted to flash it just to give you some context. But to answer your question, yes, we have all of that. We also have best practices around handling these different responses. So not only just definitions of what everything means that can be found in our API docs, but we have a library that our customers use, especially as they get started, because it can be a little complicated and confusing at first, how to interpret the data and then what to do with these responses. To your point, if we do get an incomplete response, how should we handle that? Should we. Should we. Should we call the pay or should we. Should we just let this one through and not charge until after the session? There's a lot of guidance that we have around everything specifically that's covered during implementation.
Adam Harrison: Okay.
Dan Quinn: But I'll make sure. I'll send this stuff to you at a time.
Adam Harrison: Thank you. Okay, great. And just. I just want to recap kind of like the three main things I think you guys said were like the main differentiators. One is taking like, raw response turning into very structured, like, relevant outcome columns. Right? That's one, two is around. Detecting additional policies and carve outs which may or may not be contained in the 271 could also be like something you referenced externally. Three was around cost share sort of logic where like at least I've looked at a few 271s and sometimes it can show up in like a mental health stc, sometimes it shows up in like office visit sometimes maybe it shows up other places. Sometimes I don't know if the deductible applies or not. It's not really clear based on. So cost share seems like a big one.
Nirvana: Yeah.
Adam Harrison: The other one is net worth which I you guys have said is sort of like going to be a payer doc upload sort of thing. And was I missing anything or were those kind of.
Nirvana: Yeah, I would say like the two, like one or two and they're kind of like they're grouped into there that we're probably missing would be the benefit structure. So in the response one of the columns you get is the benefit structure that is not standard to the 271. So we are telling the whoever's reading the data comes back and we're telling them how to interpret that person's benefit. So we'll come back and say the benefit structure is copay after deductible, no out of pocket max and then they know how to apply and we do the logic already for them. So we'll be able to tell what the cost share is going to be and what that person owes to the session based on their remainings for the co pays or the deductibles in the out of pockets. But that's non standard. So we will break down how to easily interpret how to read somebody's benefits and how to apply the. The different cost shares that that would probably be another major one in there. And then the other thing was just how typo proof the system is.
Nirvana: So if there's, if your clients have bad data, which a lot of times we see it every day, it's very common, it'll auto fail through a clearinghouse. But with nirvana there's a very good chance that we'll be able to still find the person. Unless like the number is completely incorrect. But you know, that's definitely another big benefit.
Dan Quinn: One more thing I want to like make sure is we've processed like millions and millions of mental health eligibility checks.
Dan Quinn: So like I think we have that advantage over just a normal clearinghouse because it's made our model like far more accurate and like we've been able to learn off that over time. Since we've been in business, and we're continuing to do that with obviously more checks that we run, but more customer era data that we're bringing. So all customers will see benefits of that. As our cost share model and everything that goes into that increases accuracy, it makes for better. Better, clean, cleaner claims rate, higher claims rate, lower claim denials. And then like from a patient perspective, having that confidence to tell someone exactly what they owe. That's like coming from our CEO, he always says, like, the reason we exist is to be able to tell are you covered and what you'll owe. And that's, that's really what we're driving our product towards specifically for, you know, these types of mental health benefit checks. So.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, didn't want to leave that out. No, that's really helpful. And I'm curious, on the ERA thing, are you guys doing like claims as well or.
Dan Quinn: We're starting to. Yeah, we're going to start doing claims and claims denials.
Nirvana: So right now, caveat, we are not going to be doing anything as far as claim submission goes.
Dan Quinn: Oh yeah, no submission.
Nirvana: Yeah, we're not going to be only do eligibility, but we'll be able to use claims in different ways. Antarctic products, but we'll, we'll never do claim submission. We actually started when the company originated a number of years ago. We were doing claim submission and eligibility, but we wanted to just focus solely.
Adam Harrison: Okay, gotcha. Makes sense. And yeah, I guess, you know, you guys are probably reading between the lines here a little bit, but you know, my strong preferences for something like nirvana, where you got this is your focus. Right. Eligibility, it's like what you do. It's like the best in class behavioral health solution. Right. I think, you know, we have a tendency as a company to want to like, own all the logic ourselves culturally, and that's kind of what I'm fighting against a little bit. So these examples are super helpful. And if there's any like slides or documents or decks that you know, you have laying around that help illustrate like those things you mentioned, I'd love to like have a look at those. And I'm trying to kind of like make a little bit of a case internally. So anything you could share would be, would be helpful. But yeah, if not like already super helpful.
Nirvana: All this context, I can send over a deck. Absolutely.
Adam Harrison: Awesome. Awesome. All right, so if it's okay with you, I would love to like spend a little more time in the weeds with like the file you shared. I didn't get to like go through everything.
Adam Harrison: If you don't mind sending the deck, the link to like the definitions and documentation stuff, I can try to come back to you with an update next week on like what we're going to do here. I'm trying to get, just get everyone in order here and come with like a clear point of view backed by some. Some good proof points I can point to. So does that work for you guys?
Nirvana: Yeah.
Nirvana: Oh, yeah, I think that's perfect. Okay, perfect. Excellent. Yeah, we'll get that information over to you here shortly. No, no, no later than, you know, Monday morning at the latest.
Adam Harrison: Okay. All right. Thanks so much. Appreciate. Appreciate you both. And, yeah, thanks. I know there's a couple of different meetings here, but appreciate taking the time and thank you.
Nirvana: Absolutely. Thanks.
Adam Harrison: All right.
Nirvana: Have a good one.
Adam Harrison: Thanks, guys. All right, Have a good weekend.
Dan Quinn: Bye.