Becca Bressler: So what do I do with this? Do I like open Inspect?
Lee Harrold: I've been muted. Yes. And go to console.
Becca Bressler: Okay.
Lee Harrold: And then paste that in the. No. So you're inside of a filter right now, but right in there. Yeah. So delete the word analytics from the filter. Nice. And then at the bottom here, next to the carrot, click again. Yep. Click into the. Click to the right of the carrot. There it goes. Now paste that value type allow pasting because it thinks I'm a hacker. There we go. Now. Now you can paste. Cool. And now you can. You should be able to see the banner. We refresh your screen.
Becca Bressler: Okay, cool.
Lee Harrold: At record.
Becca Bressler: Nice. Okay, cool. Do you mind muting and I'll just go through this.
Lee Harrold: Yeah. Oh, no. Why do you see. Continue setup.
Becca Bressler: Oh, yeah.
Lee Harrold: Do we have the jot RX flag on your account? No, we just. We just made this a brand new account, so you shouldn't.
Becca Bressler: Yeah, I don't even have it, which means I shouldn't even see this.
Lee Harrold: Yeah. What's going on here? Can you send me your user id?
Becca Bressler: My org ID mean.
Lee Harrold: Yeah, either work.
Lee Harrold: Oh, because you can use one to get the other.
Becca Bressler: It's not showing me anything. Can I put it in here?
Lee Harrold: There it is. Nice.
Becca Bressler: I'm put it in the chat.
Lee Harrold: Thank you. Let's take a look. And then for fun, if you wanted to race me, you could open the network tab and search for entitlements.
Becca Bressler: Alrighty.
Lee Harrold: If you click response, it'll open them all at the same time. You can control f. Why can't I see your JRX isn't there. Oh, JRX is there. Okay, so it's working as expected. We just don't know why you have jwtrx. Oh, weird. It's not letting me do an org search. Who does it? Who am I logged in as right now? Me. Okay, I'm in alpha. Hey. Okay, we're in bundles. Oh yes. Okay. Yeah. Looks like a JOTRX bundle was assigned to your organization yesterday at 4:20. So that must have been when we were testing set this account up.
Lee Harrold: No, no, that must not be the case.
Lee Harrold: This account was created yesterday at 2:00'. Clock.
Becca Bressler: Okay, let me create like an actual new account.
Lee Harrold: Sounds good.
Becca Bressler: Sign up. You can still see the screen. Right? Okay, so now what I need to do is get my user organization info and add it to the dev statsic feature flag.
Lee Harrold: No, no, if you want to see the. The banner without.
Becca Bressler: Anyone can see the banner.
Lee Harrold: Yep, everyone can see the banner.
Becca Bressler: Okay, so everyone see the banner. Book the setup call it takes me so. Oh, I updated it to 30 minutes. I thought so. We'll want to look into that.
Lee Harrold: Okay, yeah, let me check calendar, but.
Becca Bressler: Okay, so you'll see this.
Lee Harrold: No, it looks like it's still one hour.
Becca Bressler: Okay, that explains that. Are you able to change that?
Lee Harrold: No, I'm not an admin.
Becca Bressler: Okay, I'll do that. Okay. So everyone can see the banner once someone books a setup call.
Lee Harrold: Again, I did. Excellent.
Becca Bressler: Okay, maybe I can reload and we can see. Okay. So once someone books a setup call, they'll do a setup call. And then to get them going, what you're going to want to do is add them to the feature gate. The Jaw RX feature gate in this case though, leaks. I'm on alpha, I'm doing it here. We'll be doing it in production. You'll add the id, make sure it's an organization. Add the way this will look though, when you're in production because you're going to be this yourself.
Lee Harrold: Yeah, sorry.
Becca Bressler: When you're in production, you'll go to the jaw Rx. These are a list of the organization IDs that have JWTRX. So what you'll just do is you'll add the organization ID here and then crucially make sure you hit save absolutely critical. So if they're not seeing it after you've refreshed them, that's likely why. But so, okay, so I've had it added. So now when you have your call with someone, they've been put behind the flag, the way that you're going to direct them is you're going to get them to go to your clinicians. They should on reload. See? Great. Add Johnr Extra plan. Click the action menu next to your name. Lee, wasn't this like a pencil icon up here?
Lee Harrold: We. I think in the preview it was, but that wasn't available in.
Becca Bressler: Oh, okay.
Lee Harrold: I mean we could probably import a new library if you want.
Lee Harrold: If the pencil is crucial.
Becca Bressler: Yeah.
Lee Harrold: Oh yeah, I guess because we use the, we use the pencil for that action over there.
Becca Bressler: So we're gonna watch people go through it. So it's fine. You have to it right now, but I am just like, yeah, good, call it like, not that. And don't, don't prioritize this right now. We'll just like add it to a list of things we'll probably want to do. But okay, so once they've refreshed the first thing the user has to do and I'm just going to confirm in order to enable E prescribing, the first thing that they have to do is they have to add it to their. Their role. So you're going to hit rx, they're going to save changes, member updated. Then the next step is to connect dospot to your practice. So this call to action will help you go there. Step two is practice here. You go ahead and do that. Do I need to put all this in? Probably. Hold on.
Becca Bressler: I guess this is all a test account though. Connect Clinic. And then once you do that, the next step is registering yourself as a clinician. So first you have to do the whole practice and then you have to do yourself as a clinician. Even if you're a solo clinician, you have to do both steps. So here it will take you down here and this is where you put in all of your information as a solo clinician. Your NPI number. If you prescribe controlled substances, you have to click this and add your DEA number here and hit register for E prescription. Now once that happens that you're going to see a link that says Open Dose Spot. I don't know if I should just walk through all of this for the video because I will say I have a step by step tutorial that I will pull up right now and just kind of show you. So basically this is the video or this, this is the document that you guys can look at and like go through. But like it shows the phages phases. So connect to Do Spot Clinic onboarding and then this is going to tell you what's going to happen on the other screen with Do Spot. So you know they're setting up their stuff. As a clinician, add a DEA number. Ask if the clinician prescribes in two states. So right now our onboarding flow does not capture two DEA numbers. We do want and the prototype has like a plus button to add a second DEA number if you have it. But some prescriptions prescribe in more than one state. And so I'll show you in the admin panel how to manually add their second DEA number. Hit Save Open Dose Spot. Couple issues that may come up here is if they put a group practice NPI instead of their personal NPI in the clinician profile that they're setting up, you could have an error with Dosebot. So if they try and get to Dosebot and you see an onboarding fail, that could be why if the information is entered incorrectly in JOT Psych, this can be addressed in the Dosebot admin panel. We don't yet have a way to be like editing it in JOT Psych if they need to update their NPI number or if their address is wrong or something like that. So they're gonna get to Do Spot. Should I just like do this really quickly? Email Arnold.
Becca Bressler: Do you have this handy by any chance, Lee?
Lee Harrold: Yeah, I'll send it right over.
Becca Bressler: I can do my number, right? Yeah, my phone number. Why can't. All right, thank you, Lee.
Lee Harrold: So may get an MPI number for you and a DEA number while you're putting that stuff in.
Becca Bressler: Alrighty, so let's see. Home address, South Charleston wv. I don't know why it hasn't used so many of these. Yeah, let me know when you have a.
Lee Harrold: Just sent the npi. Let me get a dea.
Becca Bressler: Oh, did you send it in the Google Meet?
Lee Harrold: Oh, yeah, sorry. Let me put it in Slack.
Lee Harrold: Oh, here we go.
Becca Bressler: So NPI number. Okay, so slack. Is it Slack. Okay, great. And then the dea, their DEA number. If they prescribe controlled substances, register for E prescription. Great. Now they have to complete the identity proofing. They will need their credit card, their driver's license and some other information they'll be adding. So they'll open Dosebot. This is the staging environment. You can tell them to exit out of this and then these are two steps. So they'll need to complete the agreement, write their name, sign it, and then they'll need to do the identity proofing. They'll click these three things they'll hit next. They'll fill out this information. A couple things I want to call out on this page. That sometimes happens, sometimes when people are entering their first name, last name, whatever their state ends up defaulting to an acronym. It'll be like ca and they won't be able to click next. And you'll be like, why can't you click next? All the information is there. It's pretty much always been. You actually need to have the full state from the dropdown menu. So always make sure you have the full state. Other things that have come up is amex. So this doesn't seem to like an AMEX credit card. So make sure they're putting in a non Amex credit card. You can assure them that like nothing's going to be charged. This is strictly for identity proofing. This number has to be their mobile phone number, not their practice number because they're going to be getting a text to do two step authentication. Other things I want to show you in this video because the rest the setup doc kind of tells you exactly how these things, what's going to happen on the other end and like how you can guide a user through this. But two things I want to show you are like admin panel stuff and the stuff that comes up related to it. So first. Send push notification, Approve. Great, so now you're in. So here are some of the things that you'll probably need to do for your users. So I think like Lee's addressing this. So this will happen automatically now, but. If someone is prescribing controlled substances, they have to then do a second two factor authentication. Once they get into dose spot, there is a notification that they'll get to see it in dose spot. Well, I'm not going to show you because I am not logged in. But they. Basically, they need to do set up two factor authentication if they're prescribing controlled substances. Now the way that we've been doing it because we didn't have this set up automatically is after the user did the identity proofing. Crucially, it could only happen after they did the identity proofing. You would go into the clinic. So you would pick the clinic, you would pick whose clinic it is. You would go down and get to the clinician. So let's go to Amanda Smallman. You would hit edit. You would go to credentials. No, you wouldn't. You would. Oh no, you go to EPCs, sorry, you'd go to EPCs and you would say initiate TFA type switch. This would send them a text message for two factor authentication. What they would have to do then on their dose spot, imagine I'm logged into dose spot is they have to refresh their page in Dosebot in order to get a red notification on their bell. On the bell, there's like a bell notification icon. They'll get a red notification but they do have to refresh their page to see that notification. That's how it's been working right now. It's possible that with what Lee has set up, that's no longer going to be necessary. But just to call out a refresh is needed to see the notification. The thing about what's going to happen in their notification for two factor authentication is they're going to get two text messages. It gets very confusing because they have to open both of them. The document I provided tells you a little bit more about those two different text messages and when to move from the first text to the second. So I'm not going to get into that right now. But a couple other things to note. If someone has a second DEA number, they're going to put in one during their jot psych onboarding. But to enable them to prescribe controlled substances in a set second state, what you are going to do is go to their clinician profile and you're going to go to license info and you're going to add new license and you're going to get their DEA number from their second license with their address information, etc. If it's the same clinic, it may be connected through the same clinic. And so then you can just select that clinic and you won't have to fill in the address and stuff like this. But this is how you would get enable them with a second DEA license. They don't have to go through the two factor authentication step again. I don't think. I haven't heard that as an issue yet. Other things. Things that could come up here if a prescriber. Let's see. And like Lee, this is for you too, right? Because you haven't. I know some of this you've done, but I don't think all this you have. So. See. Okay, so here's like a little nuance. If a prescriber is coming over to do spot and they have a different E prescription platform and in their prescription platform they have enabled RX change and refill which basically means they will accept messages from pharmacies, they will accept refill requests from pharmacies and they will accept change requests from pharmacies policies if they have those enabled. Sure Scripts only lets that happen in one platform. What that means is we have to submit a change of vendor request. If they want us to move that over for whatever reason, they might want to keep that with a different platform. But we would need to ask them do you want to change that? And if they do, we would then need to get confirmation of that and then submit a change of vendor request which I will walk through in the, the, in the support ticket side of things. However, that process takes three days from sure Script basically to get that transferred over. It will initially block them from being able to submit new prescriptions. And this will be red and that will be like an error state. If there is an error state it gets automatically routed to their customer support people, their it whatever and they will basically like flip the switch within the day to turn this to green so that they're going to be able to prescribe before they move these two things over. So this usually happens within the day but if you see that this is red it might take a day to allow them to prescribe. And we would just want to tell them that up front that like hey, you know, you might not be able to prescribe right away but within the day this will, you'll be able to use this. So just something to note about like the status is here and that you may see this red and that's kind of what would happen. Now the thing that I will do next see like Beverly has like two DE numbers. The next thing I'm just going to show you is like the support ticket thing. My dumb ass has like tfa so you got unlucky. I don't know, I just follow instructions and they tell. You to do it and then I do it. Approve. So if I don't want to do that. So if there is a. So to submit like a change of vendor request or support, you will just do support open new support case in the subject line for like a change of vendor. I would put change of vendor request for the name of the clinician, the type. It's probably like application environment, production priority. I'll do like critical or I'll probably do advanced. They handle it like pretty quickly. And then what they need is like the clinic id, the clinician id. You don't need a patient ID for this. They do ask that you also provide an email for the clinician because sure. Scripts might want to reach out to them and just confirm. Like, hey, just confirming. You want to move these over to Do Spot. So they ask for that name information. But yeah, then you have a support ticket. You can check your open cases to follow up on the support tickets. You'll get emails, etc. Yeah, I will send you guys resources so that you can kind of see how certain things work in Do Spot if people want to ask you to, like, walk them through it. But I think these are like the big things I wanted to cover. Do you have any questions, Lee?
Lee Harrold: This is a question that I'm going to answer shortly, but there's no way we can automate the support ticket process.
Becca Bressler: I don't know.
Lee Harrold: That's going to come up pretty frequently. People are like, yeah, so let me. Let me figure that out. That's all I have.
Becca Bressler: Okay, cool. Okay. So I have additional resources that I'm going to put in the channel. This video, which we can synthesize for Nate. And yeah, good luck.
Becca Bressler: Okay, bye, Lee.