Adam Harrison: Hi, Amber.
amberhines89: Hello. Hi, Adam.
Adam Harrison: Hi. How are you?
amberhines89: Good, how are you? Can you hear me okay?
Adam Harrison: Yeah. Can you hear me all right?
amberhines89: Yes, yes, perfect. Thank you.
Adam Harrison: Yeah. How is your Friday going?
amberhines89: So far so good. Yep.
Adam Harrison: Good.
amberhines89: And you're in Connecticut, is it? Yes, correct. I'm in Connecticut in the Hartford County.
Adam Harrison: Okay, great. Very nice. Well. Well, awesome. Well, I'm super excited for that. We, you know, found some time to chat. I have, yeah, I think I have your resume and everything on file here.
Adam Harrison: Just pulling that up. But yeah, purpose of this call is just sort of a quick kind of like, get to know you conversation. So it will be pretty casual, but, you know, mainly just looking to understand a little bit more about, you know, you and kind of your background and your experience and sort of like what you're looking for for your next role. And then from my side, I can share a little bit of context on, you know, who we are, what we're up to. Not sure how familiar or not you are with Jot Seg. Totally fine, if not at all, and then, yeah, just kind of talk about the next step. So does that sound. Does that sound good to you? Any initial questions on any of that?
amberhines89: No, I did somewhat. A little bit of research on my end. You have a plethora of resources, information, so AI Scribe pretty much the summit. But I know it's a lot more that goes into revenue cycle management. So.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, yeah, let me, yeah, let me kind of give some of the background just on us and then I'll introduce kind of myself as well. And then we'd love to hear a little bit more about you and kind of your. Your experience. And then I can talk about sort of like the role that we're looking for at this stage. So for a little background context on jets, like a lot of our, you know, a lot of the information you've probably seen is a little bit stale at this point because we've been like, building so many new things.
amberhines89: So.
Adam Harrison: And we haven't really, like, put those on the website yet. So for a little context on us, we started out as a AI scribe, medical scribe for behavioral health, focused mostly on psychiatry and psychiatric nurse practitioners, but also we do have therapists and psychologists and others that use the platform. You know, jots, like, so jot Psych creates the note for you. You know, you can use our templates. You can use like your own template. And then, you know, traditionally people would take that note. Copy paste it into simple practice or therapy notes or whatever they use for their ehr and then store things there. Since then we've actually added a bunch of new features and we are in the early stages of going live with our RCM product for a few of our early customers. Essentially how it works is now like we handle everything from the initial note that's created all the way through the entire claim life cycle. So we have integrated with a clearinghouse. And so essentially as a clinician, what you experience is you do the encounter, you get a job site note. We will suggest CPT codes and ICD10 codes. You can obviously edit, input your own as well and override that. You'll sign the note once it's finalized and then from there we on the back end we'll have a combination of like, kind of folks like yourself and other like professional billers who will like review the claims that will get automatically generated by our system and then submit and you know, kind of, you know, manage the whole claim life cycle from there all the way through to payment. We also will, you know, we can do patient billing as well directly in the platform and we're in the process of rolling out eligibility checks as well integrated in the product. And what else am I missing here? Yeah, there's some other things you know, as well with like we have obviously like scheduling and front desk sort of tooling for more of that, that side of the practice. But essentially the role that we are like hiring for here is we're looking for folks to help support the whole like claim and RCM engine part of, part of that process. So yeah, definitely can go into like more questions you have on that. I'm sure you definitely have questions. So but that's just like the quick background in terms of myself, you know, I'm kind of heading up things on our billing side of the house. So you know, I'm sort of responsible, accountable for making sure that like the service gets delivered across all of our different clients. There's also a lot of product work that's going on to make sure we build this in a way that like makes sense. So I'm kind of plugged in on both those areas. Um, and yeah, so, and we're kind of building out a team. We have a few kind of advisors already who are like billers and we're looking for more folks who can be like pretty hands on, you know, helping us to actually. You know, run this new system. So that's a little bit of context. I would love to pause there and maybe turn over to you for just a little bit of kind of your background and then we can come back to like questions at the end if that works.
amberhines89: Yes, great. Thank you. So a little bit of my educational background, my credentials. I have my CPC through aapc.
amberhines89: I end up it's expiring in March but I already took care of getting it. Yeah, just the annual fee we have to pay to keep it up to date. I taken the practicode courses, I've taken the distance learning courses for medical coding. I have my medical billing and outpatient certificate through CT Connecticut College. I have my bachelor's degree from Charter Oak in Connecticut and I'm currently taking my master's degree in healthcare administration. So that's that. And as far as experience, I do work. I started as a 1099 contract and I just became a W2 employee for a faith based telehealth organization. It's called my Catholic doctor and they service all 49 states. So I'm definitely familiar with keeping up with all the different payers and the different we're servicing all the states. Definitely have a lot of experience with E M encounters, psychotherapy encounters. We do physical therapy, we do family medicine, natural family planning. Just know what to keep out for as far as like the provider's credentials, their, you know, who's allowed to code which, you know, procedure codes within their credentials. I handle electronic and paper remits. Oh also I. The HR system we work through is Tebra. It used to be called cario and I'm just now getting trained in using Athena. So I'm not sure which system your revenue cycle uses but those are the ones I'm experienced with but definitely open. There's so many of them and open to learn more and. But I pretty much know the fundamentals. Scrubbing claims, going through denials, rejects like I said, posting payments, posting remits. I'm familiar with acuity. It's you know, like the provider schedule so we can look up the patient's insurance card IDs and. Verify those, verify eligibility, see if the providers in that work familiar with availability as well to you know, just looking up remits and the provider portals like United Healthcare, UMR Echo and know how to access and make my way around those kinds of resources. What else? Yeah, so pretty much what I do now definitely aligns and you know is very similar to what job psych is about. So yeah, it's something I felt pretty confident in looking into for sure.
Adam Harrison: Yeah.
amberhines89: Well, thank you.
Adam Harrison: And a few like follow up questions. So with your current organization, is it what's kind of the mix of like medical, you know, psychiatrists, psychiatric nurse practitioners versus like therapists or non prescribers that you work with?
amberhines89: So yeah, it's, it's like, it's a mix. We work with all of them. We have our, I have like, like a provider credentialing worksheet that we created on Google Docs and that's pretty much how I keep track of the different providers with their, where they're credentialed at, where they're, you know, whether they have BCBS or Aetna or cigna and then also like the providers that are non credentialed, maybe just like an RN or PhD providers that are giving counseling services. So it's just a plethora of all of them just I, I have the resources and the spreadsheets to just look up the providers to see within reason to match them with whatever encounters and with whatever patients that they do see. We see we have a lot of self pay patients because especially with natural family planning, those don't get, you either have to get like the pre. Yeah, we do pre certifications as well and sometimes you know, MD has to be the rendering provider while you know, the provider that is maybe just MSOT is you know actually seeing the patient doing the encounter. So they would be considered the scheduling. So a lot of that just a lot of things to keep track of. But yeah, I don't know if that answered your question.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, no, that's helpful I guess. Maybe if. For every like 100. If claims that. If you took a random sample of like a hundred claims that you did in a. In a week or in a day or whatever, how many of those would be for like, therapists, psychologists, psychiatrists, maybe general.
amberhines89: General medicine?
Adam Harrison: Like, what's the. I'm just kind of curious what that mix
amberhines89: just out of what just this. Say, like just like about 100. I would say about 70. So the majority.
Adam Harrison: But how would that break down? Like, how many are therapists? How many are medical psychiatrists? How many are like, just rough.
amberhines89: Roughly speaking, I would about out of like the 100, it would be about 70 being the psychiatrists, psychologists. And then the rest would be like MDs and PAs.
Adam Harrison: Okay, makes sense. And then how does it work at like, my Catholic doctor? Are you supporting like, how many different providers? Or I guess it's all. They're all fit within my Catholic doctor's practice. Or is that more of a platform? Or how do you, like, what's kind of the setup look like and where do you support. Like, which.
amberhines89: Yeah, so the providers, they're pretty much. They pretty much pay. They're getting. They're an employer of my Catholic doctor. They do their own. They do like their own notation. But I have contact with them if they have to add, like, add an addendum to their notes if they're not specifying if it's a. The place of service and the duration of time for the E M and things of that nature. And so with my Catholic daughter, they do the encounter and they get paid. They. They get automatically paid from the owners for that encounter. And then the billing cycle, we make sure that the claim goes through and that we get paid, whether it's the patient account billing or, you know, hopefully. Well, essentially we want to get paid from the insurance companies, the member services. So that's how that works. So.
Adam Harrison: Okay. And like, how many different providers are you supporting at any given time?
amberhines89: So initially when I started out, I was only assigned to do like, the behavioral health providers. But now I just, you know, just wanted to learn more, train more. So I know. Know them all. The physical therapy, family medicine and. I would say it's about maybe 250 or so. 250 to 300. It's constantly growing. There's always new providers coming on, so.
Adam Harrison: Got it. But how many? My question is, like, how many do you specifically work with? Like, you're not working with, I assume, 200 providers. Maybe you are, I don't know.
amberhines89: Well, I'm, like, going over their draft encounters and approving them and just in contact with the providers case by case. But there are providers that, some of them are retired and see patients just once in a while. So as opposed to there's providers that do, you know, Monday through Friday, like, schedule, they're seeing, you know, five to ten patients a day. So obviously those. I would say in that case, probably about 50, 50 or 60 providers that I have contact with and do their encounters. Yeah. More frequently.
Adam Harrison: Okay, great. And for these, like, 50, 60 providers, like, what's kind of the scope of your responsibility? Are you doing, for example, like, you know, at the intake, you know, doing eligibility checks and kind of like not doing the intake.
amberhines89: But if I see there's a claim that's like, rejecting or denied, then I go in and check into the eligibility of that data service with the provider, seeing if the insurance was even active. So. But I'm not doing the initial intake. I'm not taking the insurance information. I know how to create cases if need be. But not doing, like, the initial intake or scheduling, it's more just like the scrubbing of the claim, going over, checking the CBT code, checking the DX codes, making sure that the primary diagnosis is first before the secondary things of that nature.
Adam Harrison: Okay, like modifiers for telehealth.
amberhines89: Yeah, modifier 95. Like Medicare and Medicaid use modifier GT Blue Cross Blue Shield, Michigan. They prolonged services as well. 99417 and G2212. Knowing which. Which insurance companies accept. Yeah.
Adam Harrison: Okay, great. And so what about like. So that's kind of like claim scrubbing and all that. Do you also help with, like, do the providers normally put in their CPT ICD codes and you're just reviewing and making sure it's all in there, or are you actually. Like picking the codes too.
amberhines89: So initially the providers put in the codes but they, they already use like their own like AI scribing and it'll say in the note, like this note was created via AI and I got consent from the patient. But yeah, it's just me going over and especially with like the newer providers that aren't really too familiar with the system and which codes they're able to use and even HCC sometimes I'll see like a provider isn't coding high enough for their services. So things, things of not that nature. So.
Adam Harrison: Yeah. Okay. And then what about with like you, you said, I guess you also will do things like payment, posting and like maybe if there's denials, would you appeal? Have you, have you like appealed those as well? Like, I guess do you go all the way through like the rest of that?
amberhines89: Yeah. So I'm sorry. Yep. So going over like the ears that are finally submitted through the clearinghouse and just going over all the different denial codes, whether it was patient responsibility or it should be a contractual write off, just going over, see if it was a modifier that was missing or as I said, primary diagnosis wasn't, wasn't on the initial claim. So yeah, doing everything I can to resubmit through the claim reference number. Yeah. Okay. And it's a lot of time waiting. We always tell our patients like please allow up to six weeks for you know, claims processing.
Adam Harrison: So takes a long time. Yeah.
amberhines89: Yeah.
Adam Harrison: And I guess, you know, question in terms of kind of like your setup now, your availability. You mentioned you're transitioning from like contract to W2. We are sort of envisioning this to start as more of like a part time contract role. And so curious if that is like aligned with what you are. Like what are you kind of looking for? Are you looking for like something on the side that's part time? Are you looking for like five hours a week, 10 hours a week, 20 hours a week? Are you looking for full time? Are you open to different possibilities? Like what is kind of your, your current like ideal thing?
amberhines89: Open to different possibilities. And I know in this career sector it's kind of like you have to go through that trial to see not of only if I'm a match for your organization, but if you're a match for my organization as well. Some people think like remote work is like oh just like the best thing. But no, it can be, you know, you have to have even more like discipline and self management and time management so. But I started off with my Catholic doctor as a contract employee for three months and it seemed to be a good fit and I've been full time with them for I want to say seven months now. So I'm just open to possibly the same kind of arrangement start as a contract. See you know it doesn't even have to be a 12 month. It can be you know, whatever we're both comfortable with. But yeah, just to see if it's a match. But definitely potentially like yeah, stay on room for growth especially you know and with AI healthcare just you know, with all the different intuitive, you know, new things that come along, just. Yeah, I'm just on board for that. On board for the journey. Yeah.
Adam Harrison: Very cool, very cool. And I guess like if we you know, would you have time to kind of do this as they side contract part time in addition to your full time or are you pretty like feel pretty maxed out already with your current role?
amberhines89: No, so my other job is pretty flexible. As long as I do 30 hours a week for them, that's okay. Yeah. And I work, I, I, my, I have a five year old daughter, she goes to school during the day so that's you know, my hours. I'm mostly working from 6, 7am until 3, 4, 5pm or on the weekend so.
Adam Harrison: Okay.
amberhines89: Yeah, a lot of flexibility there.
Adam Harrison: Okay, great. Yeah, I think we're also flexible on our side so we could certainly like make find a good arrangement for you that you know is like a good fit for both of us. And then last thing I should just ask is around like is there a like range that you are kind of targeting for like an hourly rate you already have in mind like just given your current situation or like what you've done in the past.
amberhines89: I'm just open because I would consider myself still like an entry level coder, you know, like I'm been able to pick up and learn on things fast but still just need you know, more of that experience. Hands on experience. I have the educational but the hands on experience is what really like counts the most. Totally. I'm open to that as well. I'm not.
Adam Harrison: Okay, we can kind of come back to you once we're a little further along in the process but that's helpful to know. Yeah, we're kind of like calibrating our ranges too so.
amberhines89: You know, a contract, you know, pay and then if there's potential to move W2 then like, you know, renegotiate, you know, in that kind of scenario.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, exactly. I think that's kind of what we would do. So this all sounds great. I mean, you know, I think this is, this is potentially like a good, a good fit for you know, what we're kind of looking for at this stage. We are starting to get more like customers that are like ready to go and kind of turn things on the, you know, you would be kind of like learning a new tool. Like you'd be learning Jot Psych because we have like the clearinghouse set up within Jot Psych so you could see the note in there and then you can like see the codes and you know, you can see and monitor like the claim status all within there. The one thing I will say is it's not like a, it's kind of a work in progress product. So there are, there will probably be some like growing pains. But also there's probably opportunities for you to kind of like shape that and you know, help us decide like, oh, what should this dashboard look like for, you know, reviewing claims? If that was of interest, totally optional. It's not like an expectation as part of the role. But I would say this would give like very hands on coding experience to kind of further your like progression there. And it would also give, you know, it would also give like experience with a new tool that and like having the opportunity to shape like kind of what that, how it works if you were interested in like that as well. So you know, in the last few minutes here, what question questions do you have for me and then we can kind of like talk about next steps.
amberhines89: Now I'm sorry, if you had mentioned it, how long has J been like how long ago did it start?
Adam Harrison: Yeah, so we started like maybe two or three years ago. Okay. Just as a scribe to start and billing. We have been you know, starting with just in the last, like since like late last year. We've kind of just been starting with that. So we have like, you know, a few early users that are like we're getting the clearinghouse set up, we're sort of like getting, getting all the things in place so that we can actually like start billing for them in the next like week or two. So we're like kind of right there. And so we're looking to bring on our first, you know, team of people who are going to help us like do manage all the, manage all the claims. We do also have a few, like, experts as well, who are like 30, 40 years of experience in the industry, you know, own their own practice. And so, you know, you would also get, like, kind of their exposure to them as well as.
amberhines89: Part of this role potentially now is this, like, what region does job sites serve? Is it.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, it's. It's all over the US Really. So, you know, we have like a Florida clinic. We have like a. I don't know if we have one in Connecticut. We have like a Maryland clinic. We have. Do we. I don't remember if we have one on the West Coast. Yeah, we have like, I think a California one. So yeah, it's pretty, pretty much like all over the U.S.
amberhines89: okay.
Adam Harrison: So I think definitely your experience, like across 49 states is definitely going to be relevant.
amberhines89: Yes, yes. And adjusting to the different time zones. And one of my colleagues is in Washington. It's like a three hour difference from me. So we always have to like coordinate when it's a good time for meetings and.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, yeah, we could definitely kind of like, you know, if you wanted to be more like east coast aligned, we could kind of like try to staff you more with those clients. But, you know. Oh, it probably will be like broader us.
amberhines89: Yeah. Right. So I guess, like, what are like the challenges you're meeting right now? I guess it's like, I mean, you said it's like new still, so I guess you kind of.
amberhines89: Yeah, just working out all the little, working out all the kinks.
Adam Harrison: Like, I have not, I've not done like, you know, I'm not. I'm kind of an outsider to the industry, so I'm kind of learning as I go. You know, we do have billing experts on the team that are kind of more like advising us. But we're really looking for people who, you know, like, the current challenge is kind of like transitioning off of old systems. So we're getting people from like advanced MD or therapy notes or simple practice and like over to Jotsay.
Adam Harrison: And so, you know, we have to migrate all the like, patient data. We have to like set up a new clearinghouse. We need to make sure all the enrollments are like, set up properly. So that's like what we're kind of working through now. And then I think, you know, very quickly we're going to start submitting a lot of claims and we need folks like yourself who are comfortable and experienced kind of just like navigating that whole life cycle.
amberhines89: And I guess my final question, like, what is, what are your expectations for whoever inquires this position?
Adam Harrison: Yeah, great question. So I think we are looking for someone who, you know, is, has behavioral health coding experience, is excited about like working like, pretty closely with a few like, higher profile clients as, as well as like smaller practices as well, so kind of a mix in size. And we're really looking for someone who has a high attention to detail, is going to catch like, issues and claims before they're submitted, and who knows how to like, navigate that whole claim life cycle process such that we're helping our clients get paid, like in a timely fashion and with as few denials as possible. And so really, like, that's our whole thing is like, we just want people who are like, very kind of, you know, meticulous and how they go about things and, you know, are pretty independent and willing to like, raise issues that you see or, you know, just make sure every claim is like, good to go before it goes out.
amberhines89: I did have one final question. What is the onboarding, like, training? Like, is it like self webinars are. Is it like one on one, like virtual meetings?
Adam Harrison: It'll be more one on one. We don't have like a super structured process in place right now. We are kind of like just in the early phases here. So it'll be like meetings with myself and, you know, a few of our customers probably, and some of our like billing experts. And it'll be like, it'll just be like very collaborative in that sense. So it's not like a online training you do. It's really much more like we'll be just working very closely together on things.
amberhines89: Okay, great.
Adam Harrison: Awesome. Yeah.
amberhines89: Well, thank you, Amber. That's.
Adam Harrison: I do have to jump to a call, but I really enjoyed the conversation. Thank you.
amberhines89: Yes.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, we are like, kind of getting a little organized on our side, so we are trying to figure out the right time to kind of like onboard this person, you know, kind of in line it up with some of our customers that are like, ramping up right now. So I might not be in such, like, right away, but I definitely think you're a great fit.
Adam Harrison: And I will be like, for sure following up. It might be like next week, it might be the week after. But just want to put on your radar that like, I am very excited about the fit here and you know, I will. I will follow up in, in due time.
amberhines89: Okay, thank you so much, Adam. If there's anything you need on my end, just let me know.
Adam Harrison: All right, thanks so much, Amber. Have a great weekend. Bye.