Adam Harrison: Not too bad. Not too bad. How is your week been?
Beverly Curtis: I've had better weeks, but it's fine.
Adam Harrison: Okay.
Beverly Curtis: Okay. Busy. Busy. Yep.
Adam Harrison: Okay. A lot of new patients, a lot of insurance stuff or what's keeping.
Beverly Curtis: There's been a lot of new patients and a lot of. Rescheduling, scheduling. I had one guy reschedule sooner. Just to tell me he's doing really well. It's a lot of, can I change my appointment? Yes. What day would work, you know, all that kind of stuff. And I just want to let you know I'm doing great. So I'm like, right.
Adam Harrison: Well, that's good. I guess that's good news.
Beverly Curtis: But anyway. It's a week.
Adam Harrison: Well, great. I. Well, yeah, why don't we go ahead and jump into things here. Just in the interest of time. But I did. Send you an email on Friday with kind of like, you know, I went through all your claims that you submitted and thought it might be good to just kind of like talk through some of those details. Just to make sure that like we're all, we're all sort of clear on like the next steps and things like that. Does that work for you? Anything you want to talk through Beverly?
Beverly Curtis: I think I'm good today. Okay. All right. Okay, I'll say this. I have one request from Jot. You know, I can't go. It would be great. If I could create a PDF from the note. Instead of. So I have requests for. Files. You know, and if someone's claiming, you know, submitting for disability, I have to submit all the notes.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Yeah, you can actually do that by really once you sign the note. There's a button that lets you download the PDF.
Beverly Curtis: Really? Okay. All right. I was not aware of that. That's great. Thank you.
Jackson Bierfeldt: No, it's a, it's a bit of a newer feature. I think it's only been there for about a month or so.
Beverly Curtis: So, all right.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Great. Yeah. You have to sign the note first so that we know like the final PDF version. And then there's like a little drop down and you can select download PDF.
Jackson Bierfeldt: And then you'll.
Beverly Curtis: Okay, great. Thank you.
Adam Harrison: All right. Well, that's easy then. I guess we knock that out. Well. Great. I think Beverly, if you can, if do you have my email, do you have your email handy? Do you mind opening up what I sent you on Friday? Just because that has, like, every patient in there. And then we can kind of go talk through it. I can also just share my screen if it's easier, but it might, might be easy. If you might be helpful to just have it pulled up.
Beverly Curtis: Okay.
Adam Harrison: All right. There we go. So these are the diff, these are kind of the people that we have. That you've kind of created claims for. And I just want to go and kind of talk through each one one by one. So for Adina. We submitted for her. So that was Cigna. And so we're just waiting on the era to come back for her. But that's all, you know, submitted. That's out of our queue. She does, it looks like she does have a $25 copay.
Adam Harrison: So I'm not sure if that you were aware of or had collected or not. But certainly that's something like you could use the jot psych payments for to collect. But is that, was that something you're already doing, Beverly? Or how are you doing the co pays right now?
Beverly Curtis: I have submitted them through jot psych thumb. I was also doing it prior to doing it with John Psyche. Doing it through another venue. But I'm moving over to Jot psych for it all.
Adam Harrison: So, okay, great.
Beverly Curtis: Remember if I submitted for her or not, I really don't remember.
Adam Harrison: But okay. Yeah, it looks like I'm not seeing anything. Let me actually double check her patient profile. Maybe, maybe it's, there's something new since I was looking. Yeah. So I don't see any payments from her in JotSych so far, so she could be someone, you know, potentially to request a payment for.
Beverly Curtis: Steve. Okay.
Adam Harrison: That one was also, that was a visit from February 12.
Beverly Curtis: I think I submitted that. I know you submitted that. All right, I have to look. I'm sorry.
Adam Harrison: We can also wait for the ERA to come back and then that'll also tell you like the what the patient owes. So either way work.
Jackson Bierfeldt: Sorry, I'll just, I'll just say on that Beverly, the next version that we'll have next week will make it so that once the era comes back and confirms, you know, patient responsibility, there's just an easy like one click button to be like, oh, great. That's what they owe. And you click it and it sends the invoice to the patient via their phone and then they can just put in their credit card and pay it that way. So it'll be pretty easy for you to just know exactly what you need to charge them and then we'll crack all that for you.
Beverly Curtis: Okay.
Adam Harrison: Yes.
Adam Harrison: So that's on Adina. The next one is Lisa. And so for Lisa, she, her claim is all ready to submit. It. I just did want to flag that it looks like based on her eligibility check, she's going to be fully responsible for the amount. Again, we can see like what insurance comes back with. It does look like for her plan, she's going to have the full responsibility. So let me actually pull that up here. I can show you what I'm what I mean. Okay. So yeah, she has an HMO plan.
Adam Harrison: And what it's showing as $90 copay.
Beverly Curtis: Right.
Adam Harrison: So she's going to have, you know, fairly large copay.
Beverly Curtis: But she's not responsible for the whole.
Adam Harrison: Yeah, she's not responsible for the whole thing, but she will have the $90. Which is just a larger copay than typical. Yeah.
Beverly Curtis: And do you, if you have Keystone Health plan east for her independence?
Adam Harrison: So she is Blue Cross of Pennsylvania independence, but her plan name is Keystone HMO.
Beverly Curtis: Okay.
Adam Harrison: So yeah, again, I'm not sure how you want to handle the patient payments. We can submit and, you know, wait for the ERA and then you can collect. Or if you want to go ahead and request the copay now. That sort of just up to your preference Beverly, like everyone has their own. You know, way they prefer to approach it.
Beverly Curtis: Okay.
Adam Harrison: All right. So that is Lisa. There is also. I put a link in that email if you see the enrollments, the blue thing. There are a few and you probably did this with therapy notes a while back.
Adam Harrison: But we do have to do like a few specific steps to actually. Enroll Jot psych to get the ERA. So that link will walk you through it. We can do it together if you want now or on a I'm happy to hop on another call. Like Friday or next week or, you know, whenever works for you. But there are a few steps that we need to do that so that, you know, when we submit the claim, we'll actually be able to see what happens to it afterwards.
Beverly Curtis: Yeah. Okay.
Adam Harrison: I want to rehop another call.
Beverly Curtis: I think I did this. Okay. So much stuff.
Adam Harrison: Let's come back to it. We will circle back at the end of this call and we can, you know, talk about maybe finding another time to do that.
Beverly Curtis: Okay.
Adam Harrison: All right, Angela, very similar to Lisa. We are good to submit. She's going to have a $50 copay. And then again, there are a few steps we have to do for her to get the era back. She is. Aetna as her insurance. And so the good news is like once you set this up once, it'll work for all your Aetna patients for era. So these two, we should just maybe hop on a quick call and try to go through it. Later today, tomorrow, Friday, whatever is best for you.
Beverly Curtis: So let me just try to understand this a little bit. So every insurer has a different link into study. And and I have to. Read, I have to do every single link. Is that correct?
Adam Harrison: No, not everyone. So like Cigna, for example, already done. I did it on my side. So, but there are some payers and Aetna and Blue Cross Pennsylvania Independence Blue Cross, Pennsylvania. Those are ones that they also require you to like basically approve from your side. But the vast majority are going to be like, I can do it or Steady can do it without needing your involvement. But there are some, it's just paired specific as things always tend to be, right? There's always some payers that are more difficult than others. Okay. All right.
Beverly Curtis: Yeah.
Adam Harrison: So that is, those are everyone who, you know, we're kind of good and clear to submit for. There were the bottom few here. These are. These are. These are patients who, you know, you're not yet credentialed with their payers. So I think for them, you know, what, what Michelle suggested is. You know, you can. Treat them as. Like cash pay patients essentially. And then provide them with like a super bill that they can submit to their insurance for possible reimbursement. But yeah, I do, I did want to flag, you know, any of these that we submit are going to get denied because you are not, you know, confirmed with Amy. You're not credentialed with these payers yet. They're either in progress. Or, you know, waiting on further documentation or, or something is holding them up. So I did just want, you know, I did just want to like make sure I made you aware of that too because, you know, I do want to make sure you get paid for your work and your care you're providing.
Beverly Curtis: Okay, thank you.
Adam Harrison: All right. So yeah, kind of, yeah, I guess up to you how you want to like manage those. But I, you know, I think. There's an option of trying to. Get credentialed and go back to Amy and then the other option would be like kind of continue to see them as cash pay until then. We have a little bit of time. Should we go through the era stuff now or are you okay to spend maybe 15 minutes try to at least get one of those done?
Beverly Curtis: Yeah, I think we could do that. Okay.
Beverly Curtis: I think I did this.
Adam Harrison: For Blue Cross.
Beverly Curtis: I have too much stuff going on. Yeah. Let's see here. I'm going to have to share my screen again, aren't I?
Adam Harrison: This is look familiar. Kind of look, but yeah.
Beverly Curtis: I don't know. I've attempted so many of these and sometimes they work, sometimes they don't.
Beverly Curtis: So I can't think I tried both of what you suggested and one I got through just fine.
Adam Harrison: But okay, well one for two is not a bad start. Do you want to try logging into the smart data streams portal on step two there? You might already have an account.
Beverly Curtis: Portal here. Okay. Do you do? Yeah, I have no idea.
Adam Harrison: It might also make you. Create an account.
Beverly Curtis: This does not look familiar to me.
Adam Harrison: So, okay. We might be able to do this for you. Although it looks like it needs your signature here. So I don't. Yeah, I think it might be best if we just do it together.
Beverly Curtis: Okay. I don't think I have an account. So what do I do?
Adam Harrison: Okay, you'll have to close out of that. And then there's a different link if you need to create an account. In step one.
Beverly Curtis: Here.
Adam Harrison: Down a little bit to where it says enrollment instructions. So it says, yeah, right there.
Beverly Curtis: This does not look familiar at all. So. Okay.
Adam Harrison: And it looks like this won't be too bad to set up. I'm just reading through it.
Beverly Curtis: Okay. What tax identification number have you been using for me? Do you know? Or that is.
Adam Harrison: Oh yeah, let me pull it up. Make sure we're all using the same stuff here. Okay. So I have three. Dash 3387115. For the tax ID. And then for the MPI, I have 142785 5696. All right. I think is your group one right. Yep. Okay.
Beverly Curtis: Okay.
Adam Harrison: All right. Do you have a, are you logged in now?
Beverly Curtis: You can't see my screen. I'm sorry.
Adam Harrison: That's all right.
Beverly Curtis: Share my screen. Okay. All right, I'm getting an error message. So. All right. Now it says effects with the verification number will be sent.
Adam Harrison: So do you want to maybe do phone? Because I don't, I don't know if you want to, what does it say if you scroll up? So they're going to call you and give you a verification code.
Beverly Curtis: Yeah, I'd rather receive a fax if that's okay.
Adam Harrison: Do you have it set up to receive a fax?
Beverly Curtis: Oh yeah.
Adam Harrison: Okay.
Beverly Curtis: Yeah, I will likely miss the phone call.
Adam Harrison: You know, I'm looking. Okay, well, I think they'll call within the next like few minutes. But facts is fine too. That you would have a physical copy that might be easier. So whatever you prefer.
Beverly Curtis: Okay. So the facts, it says effect 64 hours. Okay, this just takes a few minutes. All right, we'll do that.
Adam Harrison: Okay. Yeah, we can always go back to fax if it doesn't seem to work, but usually they call right away.
Beverly Curtis: All right. Hello? Okay. All right. Okay, I have the invitation code. Did I mess up?
Adam Harrison: Tried doing the have an account verification code.
Beverly Curtis: Okay.
Adam Harrison: It's going to make you enter all this again, I think.
Beverly Curtis: That's all right. That's just how it works.
Adam Harrison: The joys of insurance and credentialing and all that.
Beverly Curtis: Yeah, I just think we could all be in a TSA line right now.
Adam Harrison: I know. I know. I keep seeing photos of.
Beverly Curtis: Ken. Neth: Okay. Make a password. Is this a password you need to remember as well? Or that I'll need to remember? What's the story?
Adam Harrison: Probably good to have it handy in case you need it later. You know, you never know with these things. Just as long as you remember it or have it written down somewhere.
Adam Harrison: Six, nine, six.
Beverly Curtis: Five. Two. Nine, zero, zero, three. Characters. Okay.
Adam Harrison: All right.
Beverly Curtis: You want me to log in?
Adam Harrison: Yep, go ahead and log in.
Beverly Curtis: And then, okay. And then I suppose I have to remember what I just did. That's the worst part, isn't it?
Adam Harrison: I know.
Beverly Curtis: It's getting worn out. For pay's sake. Did you notice was my username different? I thought it was my email.
Adam Harrison: Oh, I was not playing paying close enough attention, I don't think.
Beverly Curtis: I don't, I thought. I didn't see anything different. It's not my password. It's the username that I don't know. Okay. Sorry guys.
Adam Harrison: That's okay.
Beverly Curtis: Okay. What would you like to do? I can call the 800 number or whatever.
Adam Harrison: Did you get an email with your username and password?
Beverly Curtis: So. Here we go. Okay. Yes, I did. You're very good. They gave me a different username.
Adam Harrison: Oh, that's where they get you.
Beverly Curtis: Yeah.
Adam Harrison: Give that a try. Maybe we'll give it one last go here.
Beverly Curtis: Okay. Here they have. Thank you for enrolling. Using the username below.
Adam Harrison: Let's just do the email. MFA for now.
Beverly Curtis: On the right here, you mean.
Adam Harrison: That'll be a little bit faster for today and what we can set up the other thing later. Let's go ahead and click generate email. All right, so now they're going to send something to your email. You'll just have to enter it there.
Beverly Curtis: 880867. How about that?
Adam Harrison: Wow. All right. So we love the green successful text. That's always good.
Beverly Curtis: Nice.
Adam Harrison: All right. So I'll try to walk you through the next steps here. Let's see. So go ahead and go to. Where it says maybe let's go to proceed to homepage. All right, so that's you. So that's good. Let's go to provider enrollments on the left. And then start enrollment. And they're going to make you do this form again. But we are very close to the finish.
Beverly Curtis: Okay. Okay.
Adam Harrison: So I think the address we should do is yeah, Glen would exactly.
Beverly Curtis: Yeah.
Adam Harrison: So it's the 33.
Beverly Curtis: I don't have these memorized for some reason.
Adam Harrison: No problem.
Beverly Curtis: ID, I don't believe.
Adam Harrison: Okay, that's fine. So. Yeah, go ahead and do your signature. And let me see if that works through here too. Hold on. I think. It's a different one. And then for the request to date, just do the soonest one as the earliest one possible. So just pick, you know pick Saturday.
Beverly Curtis: Okay.
Adam Harrison: Who knows what? So before you submit. Yeah, we should just pick. The payers here. So go ahead and click select individual payers.
Beverly Curtis: And then you're going to do a search for 54.
Adam Harrison: In the search bar on the top. On the right hand side.
Beverly Curtis: Okay. And what am I doing?
Adam Harrison: So type in 547. 04. And then click that checkbox on the left. And then do save. And then before you hold on before you submit here. Just want to make sure it's all good. Pay your name. So clearinghouse name. Can you click into that where it says SDS? So and then you're going to pick availity from there. Okay. Let me just make sure this looks good. Availability.
Beverly Curtis: Do I need to hit apply all.
Adam Harrison: Yeah try doing that. That's a good idea. And can you scroll up? I just want to do one last check before we do submit. Make sure this all looks good. Yep this looks good. So go ahead and do submit and then we should be.
Beverly Curtis: Should be good.
Adam Harrison: You know not request any codes yet. Enrollment is not yet activated. Try activate. Maybe request code. I guess it's going to make you do another authentication. Can you click request code and see what happens there.
Beverly Curtis: Oh, I'm sorry. I guess I thought I did that. Sorry. No worries.
Adam Harrison: Do you see the request code on the left requested successfully?
Beverly Curtis: I'm sorry. What?
Adam Harrison: Oh sorry I probably I don't think I can see what what's going on. But yeah just go ahead and enter the code if it's asking for that.
Beverly Curtis: Oh, I see. All right. Okay. Okay. So I have the code. Where do I put it?
Adam Harrison: So you click to request code here.
Beverly Curtis: Yeah and they called me. And I have the code.
Adam Harrison: Try refreshing. I think you might you might have to do it again. I don't know why it's. There should have been another screen that popped up to enter the code.
Beverly Curtis: All right.
Adam Harrison: Sorry.
Beverly Curtis: 24 hours. Okay.
Adam Harrison: Okay. So maybe let's try going back to. Dashboard or something. I don't know.
Beverly Curtis: All right dashboard.
Adam Harrison: Yeah let's go to dashboard. I think I'm still seeing maybe your other screen. Maybe open a new tab. Okay. Interesting. Let's maybe just try submitting that. Thing again where we were before. Or maybe if you go to account management maybe there'll be somewhere to enter the code there. So let's see here. Scroll down a little bit here.
Beverly Curtis: I'm just going to take a picture of this.
Adam Harrison: Take your talk.
Beverly Curtis: This way. Okay. Thanks. The last. Okay.
Adam Harrison: So go ahead and go to let's try doing one more time. The update enrollment info maybe it'll work this time. On the left. And let's just try submitting this one more time here.
Beverly Curtis: Okay.
Adam Harrison: So let's do provider enrollments now on the left. And oh yeah go ahead and do continue enrollment. Maybe edit review might have to click that. So okay let's see scroll down. Good good catch. I would like to receive eras that looks good payer selection just change that to availability in the clearing house name. And then do apply. And let's try one more time submitting this and see if it works now. Okay try doing activate. Or request so what happens when you do code?
Beverly Curtis: That's the code I just got is that right?
Adam Harrison: Yeah so type that in.
Beverly Curtis: 8800. That's correct. Okay. This is the problem I can't hear on the phone very well. So. I don't know if it was a JN or JM oh I see. That's why I should do the facts. It's sort of a robotic voice and you just can't really tell yeah it's hard
Adam Harrison: hard to tell also when they do like the zero versus the
Beverly Curtis: O yeah it was it was 88. 00.
Beverly Curtis: Right right is this is should this be a CAPS should.
Adam Harrison: That yeah maybe try that that might maybe that will help is it telling you it's incorrect?
Beverly Curtis: Yeah oh I'm sorry you can't see it. Yes it's telling me it's incorrect.
Adam Harrison: Oh okay. So 880 no 8800.
Beverly Curtis: J N. Oh there you go.
Adam Harrison: Yay how about that? All right so go ahead and go to enrollments.
Beverly Curtis: God this is really awful isn't it?
Adam Harrison: It's really thankfully this is a one time thing so do you start enrollment on the.
Beverly Curtis: Didn't we just start what have we been doing?
Adam Harrison: Right now I know trust me it's. Provider and MPI okay so you just need to fill out the side.
Beverly Curtis: Okay.
Adam Harrison: Which I think you had before it seems like they just deleted it and make you redo it. And then same with right above with the tax tax number. All right that looks good. Let's make sure it still says availability. Go down.
Beverly Curtis: Oh yeah does it?
Adam Harrison: Flipping it back so do apply.
Beverly Curtis: Yeah it doesn't seem anything happens when you hit apply all I'm just you know okay well
Adam Harrison: yeah maybe it's hard to know okay submit let's let's submit this.
Adam Harrison: And now hopefully there isn't another step that could be the last step. We're done there I think that's it okay what what a process what a fun process that is
Beverly Curtis: well I'm glad you walked me through it I appreciate that.
Adam Harrison: Yeah no problem. Let me make sure I mark that as complete here in my system. That was independent Blue Cross right yeah right down the right one yeah. Okay do you want to do Aetna too or you want to just kind of save that for a for a rainy day or something?
Beverly Curtis: Do you have time later this week?
Adam Harrison: Yeah we can do later this week do you want to pick up some time later this week?
Beverly Curtis: Yeah that'd be great what about what about Friday morning?
Adam Harrison: Yeah that works.
Beverly Curtis: Okay do you want to do 9 30 again.
Adam Harrison: Yeah let's do that okay. Well we got one down so let's that's good progress and we'll do we'll do the next one Friday I think this one this one looks like it's only four steps instead of 10 so I am optimistic it will be a little bit easier but you never know you never know.
Beverly Curtis: When I was trying to do this through therapy notes before I met you. Some of the accounts say that I'm enrolled. It's a preliminary enrollment or something until I submit my first. Claim okay it says but it doesn't quite say that it's like you are not enrolled until you submit your first claim like everything's in order but until you submit your first claim it looks like you're not enrolled is what it sort of says in there so I just wanted to mention that only because I thought that's what was going to happen here
Adam Harrison: you know depends on the payer so certainly that was the case I was helping someone with health health link and that was they said kind of like until you submit a claim that's right we can't actually set you up for all the other ones it's been fine you know I think I'll check in with steady on what the case is for independence. I think it looks like from what I can see here it takes you know 1 to 6 days to activate so we should so hopefully it's like up and running and approved and I think it should be okay but yeah certainly there are some payers where they make you actually submit a claim first.
Beverly Curtis: Okay the other thing is you know I created the study account and then I started to receive some emails you know well welcome to study you know don't you want to go through some orientation or something?
Beverly Curtis: And I thought well it's really not for me you know I'm probably not going to. Be using this account on a daily basis you know and then within like two days I mean I got another one something like that and then the third time it was well we see that you're really not interested so we're going to possibly close your account.
Beverly Curtis: Oh really so then I signed up for an orientation so then I had the orientation with the guy and the guys you know well what are your questions and I said well I'm billing through jot psych and they're going to use steady and I'm here just to find out stuff and he goes oh wow okay any questions you have asked Jot I'm like fine I will
Adam Harrison: but that seems like a kind of a misfire on their point yeah okay so do you mind just forwarding me that email that you got that said they were going to close your
Beverly Curtis: account I wasn't interested or whatever it was yeah yeah if you
Adam Harrison: can just forward that to me I'll kind of like chat with the team there and make sure that's cleaned up because I would not you know obviously we don't want you getting.
Beverly Curtis: In trouble or shut down for it was like oh well maybe I should be you know interact yeah we handle all the steady stuff so if you get
Adam Harrison: more just feel free to ignore it but yeah forwarding that try to get that fixed because I. Would hate for them to be canceling things or doing stuff I don't think they would but I think there's just some confusion on their side sounds like
Beverly Curtis: okay yeah the guy was nice
Adam Harrison: okay yeah they're all very nice so
Beverly Curtis: that's good I just thought wow you know that's going to be a lot of people that they meet with who are like I'm not really using this count yeah okay well thank you Beverly I'll see you Friday
Adam Harrison: I will talk to you Friday all right bye.