Emily Kaiser: Billing and jot start. I had Jot no meeting today with Nate. Yeah. So kind of just like a mix of everything.
Christopher Hume: So how are the jot start calls going?
Emily Kaiser: They're going. I feel like I haven't been able to call as much as I'd like to. I just got done a little bit. Oh, wait.
Christopher Hume: Mental the meetings.
Emily Kaiser: The meetings have been good. I wish I had a chance to call through those lists a little bit more, but I was just calling churned users and booked a meeting, so. Yes. For jot start. When I was calling the. The current customers for jot start, they weren't so receptive to it. I don't know if it was just kind of my talk path or what it was, but reaching out to jot turned, people seem to be, like, a little bit more open and, I don't know, just maybe learning more about jot psych. I feel like when people answer the phone, they're already a jot psych user. Some people are quick to say, like, oh, I already have a website or, oh, I'm already credentialed or, you know, not really give it the time of day.
Christopher Hume: So who, who did you book with?
Emily Kaiser: On the 17th. OIA? A.
Christopher Hume: Wesome.
Emily Kaiser: Oh, we okay.
Christopher Hume: People are so funny. You're credentialed. Somewhat.
Christopher Hume: Well, hope is one or the other.
Emily Kaiser: I know. I didn't really understand. I was filling that out while I was on. Okay. I didn't really understand. She was saying kind of, but I think it's, again, like, she's not really sure.
Christopher Hume: Okay, so the calls do. So how many? Let me just see. Start calls. Have we had. Wow. We had a ton.
Emily Kaiser: Like, do smart meetings.
Christopher Hume: Yeah. Jeff start.
Emily Kaiser: I had a couple no shows. So going through it, I think all in all. On Monday, a BB he was a jot start. But interesting. He has a website in all of his credentialing is done, so he wasn't necessarily applicable for jot start. Showed him a couple other features. He loved that e prescribing, loved the billing feature. And we have a meeting set up. Next week, next Thursday to talk about, like, the everything package.
Christopher Hume: Great. Well, and so he's a current customer.
Emily Kaiser: He's a current customer, yes.
Christopher Hume: We're going to convert anyone else for, like, the jot start. So I know you've got a bunch of.
Emily Kaiser: Stuff.
Christopher Hume: From someone last week.
Emily Kaiser: Rochelle, and I haven't heard back from her. I'll send her a follow up before I log out today. She hasn't sent any of her documents and stuff, but I did have one meeting last week I thought was promising jot start. That was with Tatiana. She left the meeting and we had a follow up booked for this Monday, and she sounded like not only did she want to get back to because she was a paused user. So it sounded like not only did she want to start using jot sick again, but do jot start. And then this week on Monday, she basically just said she doesn't feel like it is super applicable right now, just like pricing wise, because she's not seeing many patients, but also something I've heard from her and other people is just the advertising piece of it, like advertising for clients, for therapists and stuff like that. More than one person has told me that.
Christopher Hume: They need advertising help to get their customers.
Emily Kaiser: Yes. Which I didn't know. Somebody asked me, like the website. We set up their website personally and does that affect, like, the MSO search, if I'm even saying that correctly? Like, does it kind of trigger anything?
Christopher Hume: I don't think so.
Emily Kaiser: Okay. I didn't think so.
Emily Kaiser: So I didn't say that it did, but I wasn't sure. But that's definitely a big piece of feedback that I'm getting.
Christopher Hume: Okay. And then where did Louise come from? That's just one of Nate skies.
Emily Kaiser: Yeah, that was just something that came from Nate's calendar. Where he was sourced from because he was on the do not call list. It looked like Mackenzie had reached out to him in December. But we haven't had contact with him since, so he must have booked himself somewhere along the line. Somewhere. Let's see.
Christopher Hume: What situation is. Interesting. Lee. Interesting stuff. Okay. So it sounds like, but so it says that we have a lot of meetings, but it does not seem like a lot of people are biting on paying for new features. Is that. Okay? Accurate kind of assessment.
Emily Kaiser: I'm looking at my list here. I've been kind of just tracking when I'm booking a meeting and, like, the date for the follow up meeting. Yeah. So, Rochelle. Is now on jot start is actively paying. We haven't received her stuff. Louise. I believe she's paying. Yeah.
Christopher Hume: Cool. Whatever.
Emily Kaiser: How do we double check that, though?
Christopher Hume: Because we haven't received. For you.
Emily Kaiser: She is a current. I believe she's a current job site customer already.
Christopher Hume: No, she has not been charged.
Emily Kaiser: She actively a customer.
Christopher Hume: Yeah, we could. Yeah, she put in her credit card. So I think we can charge her, right?
Emily Kaiser: Oh, right. Was the person that we didn't. We were trying to kind of troubleshoot how to charge her.
Emily Kaiser: She had a pause account. That basically she went on and or. No, we created an account for her while I was on the phone.
Emily Kaiser: She is doing.
Christopher Hume: But she knew we were going to charge her.
Emily Kaiser: Yes. How much let her know that we were going to cancel before the two weeks were over so she wasn't charged for the AI scribe fee. I have that as the 16th to cancel that.
Christopher Hume: It's actually only 10 days.
Emily Kaiser: So it's the 12. Okay. Okay.
Christopher Hume: Good to know. How much? Let me just, let's just charter right now. Create.
Emily Kaiser: Payments over the docs, too.
Christopher Hume: Yeah. Be like, hey, just want to let you know your payment went through. We can always refund her. She freaks out. Okay. People need to feel invested.
Emily Kaiser: Yes. And then I had another interesting meeting.
Christopher Hume: Sorry.
Emily Kaiser: I did not want to move.
Christopher Hume: I know I'm. Just. How much is jaw start? I'm going to lose my freaking mind.
Christopher Hume: Like, none of this is even
Emily Kaiser: like the website build is 99. Okay. Is $49 a month.
Christopher Hume: What is 49?
Christopher Hume: To host, which I had a couple questions on that?
Emily Kaiser: Like, what exactly is in. The hosting fee of it all? Like, if somebody wanted to host independently. Like a couple people have asked me kind of like. Trying to figure out what they're paying for in that $49.
Christopher Hume: That's just like so host the website and like the serv like the kind of back end maintenance. So it stays on the internet saying, but, yeah, not exactly sure.
Emily Kaiser: Okay.
Christopher Hume: But so it's just 99 for job start. How are we going to charge it for credentialing or anything?
Emily Kaiser: No, she wants credentialing as well. So that is 300.
Christopher Hume: Right?
Emily Kaiser: 350 to get her going and then 300 per payer.
Christopher Hume: Jot cred startup.
Emily Kaiser: A.
Christopher Hume: Let me just show you what I'm doing. Eventually we'll probably get you access to stripe because this. Is clearly not a streamline process. Let's do create payment.
Emily Kaiser: Invoice 399.
Christopher Hume: Then. No, I'll try and actually. Auto charge. I'd actually find the item. So we have. Red. Save. Item. Anything that's not just a discount. Though. Rx, EHR. Everything.
Emily Kaiser: All right, so we'll just do a. I don't see the jot start in there.
Christopher Hume: Dude, start. 99. Oh, Jesus. One price is 99. Charged. For 99. Awesome.
Emily Kaiser: Cool.
Christopher Hume: Let's see if she's using us or on the line. Does she not have patience yet?
Emily Kaiser: I mean, she is working out of a clinic, I believe, or out of a practice. And then she also has individual, if I'm remembering. Yeah. Because she has a website. Already. So I believe she has patience.
Christopher Hume: Okay, awesome. Productive meeting. 450 bucks. The company.
Emily Kaiser: Nice job.
Christopher Hume: All right, next. Next one.
Emily Kaiser: I was just going to mention. Well, Dion was an interesting meeting. He tried jot psych, did a trial, loved it.
Emily Kaiser: And then he just set up this meeting kind of randomly. I don't remember how long ago he tried it, but he set up his jot psych write for you meeting. Yeah. So he asked for an additional trial. I gave him five days. And because he's talking about the everything package. Awesome. We're gonna do five days and then we have a follow up meeting. On Thursday next week because he's like, after I kind of get in there and I just want to, like, use the system a little bit more and kind of be more integrated with it. He's planning on charging, like paying for the everything package. So hopefully by the 16th he's active. But if not, hopefully that'll kind of nudge him there.
Christopher Hume: My only, I would just keep an eye on him because it looks like he hasn't made any notes yet.
Emily Kaiser: Okay. Good to know.
Christopher Hume: That's awesome, though. If we can get him to the EHR package.
Christopher Hume: That'd be a really good week if you got two EHR packages and one jot audit be a successful. First week.
Emily Kaiser: Yeah. And then Richard was yesterday. Pretty good meeting overall. It was more like a presentation than, like, actually speaking. That's rough.
Christopher Hume: No, that's roll up and just be like, oh, yeah.
Emily Kaiser: I was like, okay, but that's okay.
Christopher Hume: You know, this is.
Emily Kaiser: Go ahead. I was just gonna say people were asking questions, and it was. It seemed like they were very receptive to it.
Christopher Hume: But I like what Nate has kind of taught me to do in those situations is. You have a next step with Richard.
Emily Kaiser: Actually just sent a follow up.
Christopher Hume: I see CD on. What when you end up in those, like, kind of like, oh, my God. Like, see if you can get everyone to create an account. Be like, hey, guys, like, why don't you create your account? We can figure out how long you want it to be, but I'll make sure everyone gets two weeks regardless. Just while you have them all there. Yeah. Probably doesn't make that much of a difference, but, like, sometimes.
Emily Kaiser: Yeah. At least maybe if some people are trying it and then they're kind of trickling it up, we ended up with talking about a pilot program. So that's kind of what I said in the email. We'll see.
Christopher Hume: Cool.
Emily Kaiser: Who else? Other than that. Really just. I mean, I just had this jot no with James Kennedy with Nate. He did the first 30 minutes. Doing, like, an analysis of something he built yesterday. And we're talking about doing job bill. Based off of that information that they received today. So, like, kind of customizing job bill for them. But I don't know if you're familiar with it, with this customer. I guess he has credits that he can only use towards new, new features. Same. James Kennedy. I guess he was a customer. And then. Went came to Nate and off asked for lower pricing. And so Nate said, we'll give you credit, but you have to use them towards new features. So they're really interested in the HR extension. And we went over job bill stuff, but just based off of our meeting today, we're gonna have a follow up of, like, which direction to go in.
Christopher Hume: Cool.
Emily Kaiser: And then other than that, it was just meetings with job bill customers kind of touching base, seeing what next steps are needed, a meeting with Michelle. That's kind of been it.
Christopher Hume: Michelle.
Emily Kaiser: I don't know her last name. She's the woman that helps us with billing questions.
Christopher Hume: Okay. Yeah. Yes. That's outside my land. Cool. I think. I'll probably watch some of the videos and let you know if I have any feedback. Okay, cool. Then. I was gonna have you. Yeah. If you could see if we had real Nadine back in, that is brutal.
Emily Kaiser: Okay.
Christopher Hume: It's just Jack cold called her from MPES database. That'd be like a huge, like, success for us. If we get someone cold through the pipeline.
Emily Kaiser: So that would just database.
Christopher Hume: I was just a list, a cold call list of. It's a npez is a, like a license list. So it's like every doctor who's licensed or every healthcare professional who's licensed is on the Mez list. It's a government run list. That has their phone number. And as their business number. So we're just calling it, trying to get meetings set up. And so that would be a kind of emotionally attached to trying to get someone in that list. That'd be a real success for us.
Emily Kaiser: Okay. Yeah, I'll definitely loop back around on her.
Christopher Hume: Great wall review. I'll let you know if kind of any feedback or we can go through that next week.
Emily Kaiser: Oh, sorry. Just a reminder, I'm out of the office. Thursday. I'll be back Wednesday. But I do have a couple meetings on two meetings on Monday and two meetings on Friday. I'll be on in the morning.
Christopher Hume: Okay, so you'll do. Let me just see. You'll be on your two Friday meetings.
Emily Kaiser: Yes, there. I think they're all. Start.
Christopher Hume: Okay, cool. And then just a weird. Not weird. But the. Here, I'll look at your calendar. Friday, Thursday. All looks good. Traveling Tuesday. What's happening with that Britney meeting? And the ad, the Tracy meeting. Do we need to move those?
Emily Kaiser: That is a good question. So those are just standing meetings. That Adam had set up. Jackson's been running them, but he's also been sending, like, new invites.
Christopher Hume: Okay. Yeah. Could you just check with him with it just to make sure we don't leave a customer hanging?
Emily Kaiser: Yeah, definitely.
Christopher Hume: Cool. Awesome. Well, I'm excited to see if we can get those people over to the EHR. Do we have a follow-up meeting with Louise? I'm sorry.
Emily Kaiser: Let me see. No, I don't think so. He was vocal about. He's in a contract right now with an EHR, and then eventually we went through a bunch of the features, and eventually he wants. He was verbal about wanting to move everything over.
Christopher Hume: Would you be interested in Jotville, or was that not a good.
Emily Kaiser: Yeah, we were talking about Jotville. He was interested in everything package.
Christopher Hume: Cool. Then, yeah, I guess that's just. We need to figure out we're going to track people like that and keep them engaged.
Christopher Hume: But that's not a question for me. I'll put some thought into it.
Emily Kaiser: Okay, sounds good.
Christopher Hume: Awesome. Thank you, Emily. Have a great vacation. Doing anything fun. I mean, I know you're going to Washington, but you have any outdoorsy plans or anything like that?
Emily Kaiser: No, we're going to see my brother. Okay, awesome. They bought a house, so I would imagine there's going to be some house projects of some sort going on, but he's super close to Mount Olympia, I think. So hopefully we'll go on a hike. I mean, we have a toddler, but, yeah, toddlers are not known for hiking, but maybe for carrying. Yeah. So, yeah, exactly. I don't know. I haven't navigated that yet.
Christopher Hume: Yeah. Well, that's awesome. Had a ton of fun sport kind of covered down meetings. Just let me know when you get them covered.
Emily Kaiser: So don't be. Like, cool. Thank you. Appreciate it.
Christopher Hume: Awesome. I'll check with you later, Emily.
Emily Kaiser: All right.
Christopher Hume: Bye.