Ileana Berman: Can I go and get some water? I apologize.
Christopher Hume: Take your time. No, of course.
Ileana Berman: I hate. Okay. Sorry about that. Okay? Do you hear me?
Christopher Hume: Can hear your loud and clear.
Ileana Berman: Okay, good. So the only thing is that I wanted to check with you. About the bill, okay, and see what we can do to make it as good, as effective as possible. Because I think you said that if we have over a certain amount of people, It will go down.
Christopher Hume: Yes. So I believe. Dr. Berman, if I remember correctly, you had six users.
Ileana Berman: Yeah. No, they charge. Now we have seven.
Christopher Hume: Oh, you have seven. Let me check.
Ileana Berman: One bill is done separately. Like coming in the middle of the. I don't know why. Scott.
Christopher Hume: Let me check on that.
Ileana Berman: Yagima a second. Okay. Also, I'm getting called constantly.
Christopher Hume: Of course.
Ileana Berman: Sorry.
Christopher Hume: No worries. All. Doctor Brennan, while you were on call there, I quickly checked. You said your other colleague is Lauren Scott.
Ileana Berman: Yes.
Christopher Hume: So I see her account. We can certainly bring the accounts together, get you up to seven providers, and then the monthly rate will drop to $130 a month. So the seven providers be paying $910 a month is what it comes out to. So I'm happy to do that. The only. Comment I have is it looks like Lauren's account is with a personal email.
Ileana Berman: Yeah. You need to bring it? I don't know. She did her own stuff. Okay, do everything.
Christopher Hume: Then I just need to email her and I'll have UCC'd and get her thumbs up.
Ileana Berman: Perfect.
Ileana Berman: Instead of going through. I mean, probably she started with email, and I didn't know they needed to go through you guys.
Ileana Berman: Is it any way we can take a credit for that? She started two months ago.
Christopher Hume: She started.
Ileana Berman: Do you know what her name? Send an email to her and me.
Christopher Hume: Perfect. And I'll check with my leadership on if we can offer a discounter or something like that there for you guys, because you've been also made some mistakes.
Ileana Berman: And they credit us, like, yeah, because she was part of us all the time.
Christopher Hume: So I'll coordinate with you over email. I'll check to see what kind of rebate we can get you. And if you need anything else, just let me know. You had.
Ileana Berman: So what is your role?
Christopher Hume: So I'm technically growth in operations, but I do most of our kind of customer support and success.
Ileana Berman: If I have a question would anything I'll send you an email because I have it now and then you write me. One needs to be directed. I don't want to bother Nate.
Christopher Hume: No, I'm the guy.
Ileana Berman: I'm the guy, and I'll make sure it needs to go. Very good. And I apologize that she went through her. I mean, she's my administrator. No worries. And I think she didn't realize that she needed to let you know that it would be through our email to be put together.
Christopher Hume: Okay, no worries. We'll get it sorted out.
Ileana Berman: I appreciate it.
Christopher Hume: Just to confirm. Her name's Lauren Scott. Do you by any chance know her personal email?
Ileana Berman: Yeah, let me check.
Ileana Berman: Yeah, I just want to make sure. Should be Lauren Neckpad, something like that. Lawrence Card and neck pad. What did she put?
Christopher Hume: I have lauren ashlyn 288 at gmail.
Ileana Berman: No, I mean, I don't know why she would put that. I think I have that as well, but give me a second. She should use our business.
Christopher Hume: Well, we can always switch it over.
Ileana Berman: Laura Ashlene 288-gmail-com. But it should be Lauren. S neckpad at Gmail, but doesn't matter if you put it under our. I don't know how I have it. How is everybody under.
Christopher Hume: Actually, looks like most of your team has used personally emails, or at least quite a few of them.
Ileana Berman: Okay, because we all started together. Okay, so you let me know what we need to do. If we need to integrate everything in one,
Christopher Hume: it's no big deal that they use the personal emails. All we need to do is. I just need to do this extra level of getting the thumbs up from her.
Ileana Berman: Okay.
Christopher Hume: I'll add her just.
Ileana Berman: Thank you. Now, if you have any other questions.
Christopher Hume: You too. Have a good one.