Christopher Hume: I looked at it, I looked at it, I was like, wow, this is not completely unreasonable. They don't ask for the money right away.
Christopher Hume: They just say, hey, just let us know you're going to take it down. I guess that's when they would ask for the money. I thought it was well done. I think whoever did this has a future in cold outbound.
Gioia Garden: Very strength based, okay?
Christopher Hume: So sad. Yeah, he was supposed to join the meeting. Oh, david. So this would be. Like David. Apologies the confusion. It's actually a Google Meet link. He was there waiting for you. You can reschedule at any time. That works for your calendar here.
Gioia Garden: Bummer, ok?
Christopher Hume: Is it lost forever. Oh, my God. So I'll walk you guys through it. I was riding with hi, Joya. We were on a hot streak. We had our meeting, which was really good. Nate just had two cold sourced meetings in a row. Both people showed up. I got my coffee. And then before this meeting, I was reviewing my email. There's an account I'm working. They're currently two paying users. And they're supposed to go to 14, and they just demolished me over email. They were like, yeah, they're just not happy with me. But they were justified. But also, they're asking for a ton of free stuff that I've been blown to just, like, grant them everything for free. So I got the nasty gram. I got the nasty gram. So riding the highs and lows today. But I think Helen. I bring this all up because I think Helen is about to be a low. But she's at a huge clinic as well, and she runs it. But it's not good for information is missing.
Gioia Garden: Yeah, she's not coming out, like, aggressive, but she just seems, like, really curious.
Christopher Hume: It does seem very curious. I'd be curious, too, if my medical or clinical notes are missing, so I don't blame her. Not her fault the notes are missing. Bright side, guys, we can fix it. Did you guys see my two bat signals today? Where I'm just, like, begging for help with all the issues we're facing.
Gioia Garden: Yeah. Wait, so just now you went to the transcript that didn't. That had chunks, but no, no.
Gioia Garden: And you just, like, clicked on generated note.
Christopher Hume: And now it's there for.
Gioia Garden: And then if you were to, if you were to. Because I, like I said, some people, like, send a link to the note, would you include, would you include this transcript or would you go to the, the note?
Christopher Hume: You'd go to the note. You go to the note. And so if you. I don't usually do that. Just kind of pain. Lazy. If we go like, let's see, like, when her note was generated, there should be one that was generated, like. I guess it's probably this one. Still. Going. So if you copy this URL and we can send it to Helen. What you have to do is you get rid of Admin.
Gioia Garden: Oh, good.
Christopher Hume: You can't send that. And you need to change next. I'll recommend just. Lowers the chance of messing something up. Like, hey, Helen. Or Dr. Caldwell. You should see it now.
Gioia Garden: Okay, so, yeah, probably. Yeah. Probably won't send the note then, but.
Christopher Hume: We have this theory that, like, having our pictures on all the email signatures, like, make people like us. Oh, I'm sorry. Make people like us more.
Ryan McAnelly: That's why.
Christopher Hume: We have those. Makes it, like, harder. Just, like, absolutely lose your shit when it's, like, person's face at the bottom.
Ryan McAnelly: Real human.
Gioia Garden: Yeah.
Christopher Hume: I'm like, what? What am I supposed to do with this? Clearly something's broken. My God.
Gioia Garden: Yeah, I haven't gotten to those yet.
Christopher Hume: Now we're missing buttons. Oh, that's good. A crying emoji. Oh, my God. It'd make me feel horrible. I'm a nightmare. There's nothing we can do like. I.
Gioia Garden: Complet. E.
Christopher Hume: This is a good question. Joya, you need to be careful. We do not now currently have an auto delete function. So, like we make no promises that will maintain your notes. If you cancel your account. But there's no automatic deletion. And, like, we don't want to imply that just because some people are like, oh, I cancel my account, they're going to lead all my notes. Which, like, there was no way for you to know that. But just for both of your awareness. Like, we don't know, delete anything ever. But we don't promise anyone we're going to keep anything aside from scientists.
Gioia Garden: Okay? So how do you word that so?
Christopher Hume: Good question. So, let's see. What she actually said. How long did I using it permanent way to store my patient notes. S and t. A great question. Jester's unsaid notes. Is is hipaa. Seven years, Joya.
Gioia Garden: Yeah. Yeah, I do believe I also search notion and it said something about seven years.
Christopher Hume: Few customers. We use. I would just say she's asking about. Patient notes for her ehr so she only cares about signed notes so I don't even think we have to address on side notes. Or I want to say for side notes. That's like, stores. Notes. Seven years. And I'm going to say anything about a cat. As required by hipaa. Great. Please let me know if you have any other questions. There we go. Hi, Cynthia. Great question. We have quite a few customer. Here's our side note. For seven years. Let's see this one. Andra. Rush. Rhonda Happy help with dictation templates. Are you having a specific issue with. Those features. It's happening instead of photo the issue. Ding or to your piece, guys. Under just actually say, oops, we lost Ryan. Have a good. Question. So this we're actually just going to do. You can see I have a disgusting number of tabs open. When I started this job, I had a MacBook Air from 2020 and it like actually could not handle it.
Gioia Garden: It was like crash.
Christopher Hume: When I opened up, like notion I go to like take notes or something, my computer would crash. Ing today. It was. For me expression. Schedule. Gravity and my signature. Is there anything I can tell. David, so sorry for the issues you're meeting today. I should Google Meet session, not a phone call. We're happy. Rescheduled for any time that works for you. Please, just grab a ton. Meeting slot. Using the link in my signature. Let me tell my channel. Hey, helpful remotely.
Ryan McAnelly: Software, so I was looking forward to hearing what he had to say.
Christopher Hume: No. Well, lucky for you, Ryan, no one made it. Okay? We've kind of gone through. We can go through the. These are just like sad tickets. I'm not going to make you sit here and watch me answer them. Let's see if we got any good assigned ones.
Christopher Hume: Doctor Helen, you're the best.
Gioia Garden: Nice.
Christopher Hume: Needed this. It's actually so funny. At my old job, I would just like consulting. Occasionally get me brutalized by customers and clients. You know, this doesn't really hurt that bad anymore. This french danish combo. A french. Project run by a French officer and a Danish officer. They knew how to give it, like, different ways, but, like, the French guy would get, like, super agitated, and the Danish guy would get, like, very, very stern. Okay. I can deal with wacky psychiatric nurse practitioners. Leah is such a hero. We can fix this for you. I would never say that an email. I'd be like.
Christopher Hume: We will explore the possibility of us helping you cover your backside.
Gioia Garden: Yeah.
Christopher Hume: Okay, then the other thing that I'm actually behind on, but I just want to show you guys because eventually this would fall into your bucket as well. Is in slack. What I should have been doing every day much more. Responding to these tickets.
Gioia Garden: I don't think I have access to that group. That thread yet.
Christopher Hume: Lucky you.
Gioia Garden: Channel.
Christopher Hume: You guys can just, like, see the messages people send in.
Gioia Garden: Cool.
Christopher Hume: And so let's join 1 answer 1. Please call me. Never thought any of these. Whatever. I'll figure it out if I called. You sure I did. Then, like, what you do is you go, I just do one for today. Last. Is 50. Please let me.
Gioia Garden: Okay, so sms. Add the number and then write Mr.
Christopher Hume: Message.
Gioia Garden: Okay? Wow. Cool.
Ryan McAnelly: That's cool. Didn't know that.
Gioia Garden: Yeah.
Christopher Hume: So I won't again. I'm not going to, like, torture everyone by doing this live and just, like, watch me. Respond to super banal text messages, but that's something that would be responsibility of customer support people. Just find those quickly as possible. Later, I can show you, like, HubSpot and our other tools, how you can kind of triangulate who's reaching out and identify. Like, we can just send them a text. We're like, oh, this person. Try and see if I can convert them.
Christopher Hume: We have these automated flows. Some that one flow that goes to people who are trialing and then another one that goes to people after they stop using us and don't convert. So the idea is there's an opportunity to pull them back in, in that outflow.
Gioia Garden: Cool.
Ryan McAnelly: Yeah, that would make sense.
Christopher Hume: Okay, guys. Is there anything else for today that I can answer for you guys?
Gioia Garden: I don't think for me at this point.
Christopher Hume: Okay? Let me check this one on here. I don't have any more customer support this week. Brian, did I not get you into another customer support this week or no?
Ryan McAnelly: I think today was it.
Christopher Hume: Okay? Cool. Yeah, well, hopefully we'll get some more on Friday morning that I can pull you into. But if not, we'll just focus on kind of. Ryan, you developing those emails? Joya? As time permits, working on those articles. And then, Ryan, we'll have just our normal check ins. Joy is on vacation. Going anywhere Funjoy?
Gioia Garden: Yeah. Going skiing tomorrow and Friday. Where?
Christopher Hume: Which mountain?
Gioia Garden: It's called Monarch Mountain.
Gioia Garden: It's in a little ski town called Salad. Yeah, a little mountain town called Salida in Colorado.
Christopher Hume: Where is it?
Gioia Garden: It's about, like, two and a half, three hours southwest of Denver. So kind of near, like, Leadville. Yeah, I'm trying to think of other places that might sound familiar.
Christopher Hume: I've done skiing at Copper. And was it Winter Park?
Gioia Garden: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Christopher Hume: Those two. Pretty awesome. Pretty awesome.
Gioia Garden: Although the east coast is getting better snow than we are this year.
Christopher Hume: Well, when I go skiing on the East Coast, I tear it up, and I'm like a God. And then I go to Colorado, I'm like, whoa. I'm actually not that good at skiing at all. It's unbelievable how much better people are at skiing. I was, like, astonished.
Gioia Garden: Yeah. Yeah. It's good to be humbled every now and then, you know?
Christopher Hume: Very much so. Okay. Well, you have a great time, Joya. If you have any thoughts or anything you need before we wrap up your app today, just let me know. Otherwise, no expectations for Thursday. Friday, we can kind of continue our conversation on Monday at some point, just to figure out kind of next steps here. Yeah. And Ryan?
Ryan McAnelly: Kind of just same talk.
Christopher Hume: You're enjoyable. We'll check in at the end of the week. Joy and I had our check in earlier today. Talk about how the week. Or two weeks went talk about next steps, and then we can probably figure that out either by Friday, or I'll probably have to check in with Nate and make a decision on everything but default. You know, that's kind of the plan here for next steps.
Gioia Garden: Cool.
Christopher Hume: You have plenty of time left on this step, so you got Thursday, Friday, so we got plenty of time to chat.
Gioia Garden: And if you guys need anything, I'll have service. So feel free to reach out and all that. But should I plan on same morning check in on Monday?
Christopher Hume: We'll probably oz all this while I like to determine like longer term everyone's long term status and role. So no need for you to kind of, like, worry about Monday morning. Typically, after these. Trial periods. It typically, honestly takes about a week before anyone comes on full time. We should talk about role and comp and all that stuff, and I want to make sure all that's super clear and expectations are clear before I'm like, all right, have fun in front. So we'll sort that out first. Perfect.
Gioia Garden: Okay, cool.
Christopher Hume: Okay, thank you both.
Christopher Hume: I'll talk later.