Christopher Hume: Michigan. Okay. Wonderful. I'm in new york for the week. Went to college in Indiana, so not too far away.
Keenan Smith: Where are you based?
Christopher Hume: I'm typically based in dc.
Keenan Smith: Is a fantastic place.
Christopher Hume: Yeah, it's a lot of fun. It's kind of unbelievable being so close to all the monuments in the Capitol. It doesn't seem real sometimes.
Keenan Smith: Terrific. So what can you tell me about Jot, Craig?
Christopher Hume: Yeah, absolutely. So I know my boss, Nate, been to kind of an email asking for interest and then Verizon email, and then Nate is going to be joining this call. He's running the initiative. But I can give you kind of an overview of what we do. We know, cnn, that a lot of providers. A lot of providers are stuck working with MSOs or suspected organizations, and there's a huge sedation energy required to do credentialing. You have to do it for every payer. And they don't necessarily make it straightforward. It's a big administrative hurdle. But we've done is we've. Oh, go ahead.
Keenan Smith: No. I am credentialed independently with everyone except Regents. That's really where my interests lie.
Christopher Hume: Yeah. Nate. Thanks for jumping on Keenan.
Nathan Peereboom: I'm so sorry. I hope you got my text. I was just running a little bit late on another meeting. Nice to meet you.
Keenan Smith: Nice to meet you. Did not.
Nathan Peereboom: Does that mean? I texted someone else. Is your number 262-497-715.
Keenan Smith: Got it. I see it here now.
Nathan Peereboom: Awesome. Hey. I'm so sorry to barge in. Where are you guys in the conversation? How can I be helpful?
Keenan Smith: For me. I am credentialed with everyone that I'd like to be credentialed with, with the exception of regents in Washington. And the challenge there is, and I'm credentialed with them through a headway. Which I'd rather shake free of headway. And I initially started my practice, I was credentialed in doing almost all of my billing through ALMA and then headways only for Regents. And I have managed to shake free with everyone except Sigfri of everyone that's on alma. So I'm independently credentialed with Sigma, with United with Aetna and their families. But Regents is a challenge. And the challenge for regions is they're a little stickier about having to be in that state. All the time. I'm based in Michigan, but my practice is in Washington, in the Seattle area.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay? They're sticky about it. Is it a requirement?
Keenan Smith: They say yes, but I know someone who is based in Texas who is independently credentialed with them, so I don't know what the deal is. The other option for me would be to be credentialed with Blue Cross Blue Shield in Michigan. But the reason why that is not appealing to me. At first blush is because Washington and Oregon were my practices based their independent practice for NPs, for psych NPs, for all NPs, but for psych NPs, which is what I do. Michigan is not. So if I'm treating anxiety, if I'm treating adhd, then it becomes like, well, if I'm credentialed, if I'm billing through Blue Cross Blue Shield, do I need a collaborating position in Michigan when my patients are in Washington? So then it just gets messy. So I'd rather not do that. I'd rather just be independently credentialed with Regents like I am with Primera, which is Blue Cross in Washington.
Nathan Peereboom: Got it. Okay. This region's. The location thing is hard. If they're saying that that's a requirement. Is that something you want us to look into, or have you received an official communication? That they require you to move to Washington if you want to build for them.
Keenan Smith: In check. Like I said, I know of a provider who works in the same office and we share admins. Who's based in Texas and independently credentialed with Regents. I don't know how that is the case. I can certainly ask him. I know other folks. They were like, well, no, Emmanuel was able to do it.
Nathan Peereboom: But do you feel like there's a possibility that these folks, while they might be located in Michigan, are attesting to being located in Washington?
Keenan Smith: I don't know, because it starts to get fraudulent.
Nathan Peereboom: It's a dark question. It's a dark question. But I know that with my own health care, when someone says, hey, where are you located right now? I always say, where are you located right now? Because that is where I am. I understand how this is a little bit of a pickle for you. Here's a question. So there's Blue Cross, Blue Shield of Michigan, there's regions. Are there any other payers that in your mind would supplement Regents? If it turns out that we couldn't get credentialed, but then because of this location issue, because for us. We're pretty square. We kind of just. That's just kind of how we operate. So we would probably want to feel good about the information we are submitting to any payer. And I don't think we want to waste your time by going and litigating for in situ credentialing. If they're not going to give it to you.
Nathan Peereboom: But if there is a path forward, we will find it. So if you're saying, hey, Nate, I want you to go run this down and figure out what the letter of the law is, that's totally something we'd be happy to do, and that's kind of like normal course of business for us.
Keenan Smith: Right. And that's where I am. I'm not trying to do anything that's funky. Because if you do something that is not right, then you subject yourself to clawbacks. And I'm not trying to be bothered with it.
Nathan Peereboom: No.
Keenan Smith: And like I said, that does start to sound fraudulent if you attest. To being somewhere where you're not where I'm going.
Nathan Peereboom: But let me. Let me tell you, I would be shocked if the rule was true given that you are billing them through. Did you say headway?
Keenan Smith: Through. Headway?
Nathan Peereboom: Yes, Headways National. I just can't imagine that. I can't imagine that. I mean, headway knows where you're located. This insurance company knows that Headway is working with you. I'd be absolutely shocked if there was something here that wasn't workable.
Keenan Smith: So, yeah, that's where I am. I'm cool with everyone else. That's the only place, and that's where I am. I'm credentialed with them through headway. To be quite honest, we all know how headway and those providers work. They skim some off the top.
Keenan Smith: So that means every patient that I see, I'm giving headway some of my money. So I don't want to do that. Now, how does job make. Money.
Nathan Peereboom: How do we make money?
Keenan Smith: Well, if I don't want to do that with headway. I know I pay for jot. Psych. So I pay for. The note taking service. I think it's 150 bucks a month or something along those lines.
Keenan Smith: So I understand that you make money software as a service. You spend a lot of money making the software once, then you can sell it for monthly. Got it. I'm paying $1,800 a month and I'm a single provider. Great business model makes my life easier, so no complaints. But with Jotred, how are you going to make money? Is that going to be something where you negotiate for me and then you guys take a little off the top?
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, so a few things. One, we charge you for jot cred, but we don't make money on it. So we charge $350 to just, like, get started and then $300 per pair. So if you wanted us to go after two payers, it'd be like 600, 900. $50 all in. As I said, we don't make profit on this service. It's a service that we do as an introduction to what we hope you're excited about, which is our billing service. That's actually how we make money. The way we actually make money is we say, hey. We've given Keenan such an incredible experience with jot cred that he wants us not just to be on his credentialing team, but he wants us to do eligibility checks, he wants us to write his notes, he wants us to audit those notes, to submit them, to litigate every denial, and to make sure that what hits his bank account is in alignment with the contract he signed with these payers.
Nathan Peereboom: So the jock cred experience is really one where we want to demonstrate our vigilance, our insight, our transparency, our speed in a way that you find sort of shocking. And in that experience of shock, you get sort of excited about us owning other parts of your billing cycle. Now, the reality is you've kind of seen this. We're a company that is trying to be the backbone, the operating system of your clinic. So we have e prescription, we've got this auditing feature. So we, at some level are also kind of agnostic to exactly like how we fit into your life, as long as you're happy with it. Like we believe that at a sales and marketing level, as long as we're giving you an incredible experience, you'll talk to other clinicians. They'll try jots. Like maybe they're the shape of their interaction with us looks different because, you know, they're doing just E Prescription plus the notes. And you know, someone else is doing just the auditing, plus, like, you know, the billing thing. So it really is kind of a choose your own adventure. But our belief is, like, credentialing is super painful. It's really hard. And we just want it to be something that allows us to kind of show off to you about, like, how we could serve you.
Keenan Smith: Okay? And given that I'm paying for it a la carte, there's no if I don't move anything else over other than the note taking, which I'm already a part of, we're good. Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: There's no. There's no recurring fee. There's no obligation. Afterwards, you could take the credentialing papers we gave you and go to an entirely different ehr. An entirely different note taking system. And that is allowed.
Nathan Peereboom: I mean, we hope that's not what happens, but it is totally okay.
Keenan Smith: Okay? Well, I'm interested. You know, I know $600 is what it would be for one. It's a little higher than what most folks are offering, but I definitely wanted to have the conversation to see where we are and what you guys are doing. I do like the note taking capabilities, and that's what when I saw it, I was like, well, let me see what this is about.
Nathan Peereboom: Well. Maybe I can sort of. Explain. Why we think that we have an advantage against lower cost players in this space. So there are two things that people care about when it comes to credentialing. One is speed, and two is transparency. And so we have a system where, because we're using machine technology, we're not just like a team of 30 people who are all, you know, writing paper copy, you know, paper copy forms. We're able to turn around documentation extremely fast. Like, if you give us at a level of, like, if you gave us all your documents tonight. We could get an application out. To any pair you want within, like this evening. And so the speed that we're able to operate on is really unlike any human based system. But then the second thing is that transparency is really important. A lot of credentialing companies, you know, it's totally opaque. In that you can't really tell where your application is. It's very confusing to, like, you know, you're following up with them, which doesn't make any sense. So everyone in our platform gets a dashboard, and you can see all the things that we've done. You can see what's blocking. Each piece of work, and you can just know exactly like. Like, how it's going. And that is really, really helpful because some of what you're doing in this moment is forecasting when to recruit patients. You know, if you're thinking about Regents, for example, you know, you need to start thinking, hey, when do I start talking to people about this move? You know, if it's Blue Cross Blue Shield in Michigan, you probably. There's going to be a certain moment where you open up your calendar and you start, like, scheduling people. But all of that depends on understanding the pace and status of your credentialing. So those are the advantages. I mean, If you think about it. You know, every time you lose a month of credentialing, it's, like $5,000 of revenue for you. And so, in our view, if we can, like, be twice as fast as any other credentialer, It's a premium service. Again, we don't make money on it. We just have to charge because it's enormously challenging for us to keep up this other piece of software and this other team of people that work on it. So. So that's kind of the rationale for the price.
Nathan Peereboom: But there's no getting around it. Like, we are, like, the premium, like, we're placed at. You know, we consider ourselves the best player in this particular space.
Keenan Smith: Okay. Roughly how long are you seeing for turnaround from the other side? Obviously, I know it depends on the insurer. You got it.
Keenan Smith: Depends on the insurance, Yeah. Yeah.
Keenan Smith: I mean, it's time.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. It's really, really hard to know.
Keenan Smith: Okay? Well. Let me think about it. Like I said, at this point, I don't think I want to do blue cross. Blue shield of Michigan. Because it just gets messy with. Do I need a. A collaborating physician here when I'm not even seeing any patients in Michigan? All of my clients. I don't have a single patient here. It just makes it messy. Just bringing in someone else to. Be involved.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah. Well, I mean, I think that starting out with Regents makes sense. I also think that, you know, if you're doing telehealth, You have an enormous aperture of market. Like, you could go after a lot of commercial payers in other states that are totally fine with telehealth happening in Michigan. And so we could also help you think through that strategy if that was helpful.
Keenan Smith: Like I'm crucial into some other right? But it starts to get messy. And there's enough. There are enough patients in Seattle. It's a big enough area that it can fill my calendar. Like, I. I'm also credentialed in Oregon. And I have a few patients in Oregon I haven't done, you know, a big push there. In part because, you know, Seattle and the way my practice is set up, I just get clients that are coming in. I don't pay for advertising. I don't do any of that. Could. Like I said, I could do Oregon. I do. For instance, I fly out to Seattle. I'm flying out there next month to see my stimulant patients face to face. And if I do it somewhere else, like Oregon, now I have to fly to two places.
Nathan Peereboom: I get it. I get it. Well, if you feel like you've got enough market in Seattle, like, you're totally right. There's no reason to, you know, just expand complexity like that.
Keenan Smith: Right, Since Regents is not something that. You know, I mean, if you'd like to check, I'd appreciate it. Then if it. If it works, I'm happy to pay for it. And move forward. And I know it's $600. You know, if I. I would save that money.
Keenan Smith: If I could just shake free of headway. So it's makes perfect sense to me to do that. It's just a question of, you know.
Keenan Smith: Where do things go? So if you can take a look at it from your end, I'd be grateful. And if it works, I'm happy to move forward.
Nathan Peereboom: All right, great. So I'm going to do this. I'm going to look at the regions. Situation. I'm going to be totally honest with you. If it's not going to work, we don't want to go through that process like there's no benefit to either of us. So I'll be really honest, but if it. If it does work, we'd love to just get started as fast as possible and get your credential, okay?
Keenan Smith: Okay, sounds good.
Nathan Peereboom: All right. Beautiful. Keenan, thank you so much.
Keenan Smith: Thank you. How do you pronounce your last name?
Nathan Peereboom: Girvin.
Keenan Smith: Peer. Boom. Got it? Yep.
Nathan Peereboom: It means parachain. Dutch. I would ask you how to pronounce your last name, but I think I know.
Keenan Smith: You know, I'm gonna have to start to put some more interesting accents. Instead of just the dot on the I, you know, I'm gonna put a more interesting accent to make people ask.
Nathan Peereboom: You will. Yeah. Yeah. Because right now it's pretty doable.
Keenan Smith: Yeah, Pretty. Pretty boring. Well, Nathan, thank you so much for your time. I appreciate it.
Nathan Peereboom: I appreciate it. Take care. Take care. Nice to meet.