Nathan Peereboom: Oh, Brittany, I think you might be muted.
Bill Eberhart: Oh, takes her a second. She's got a headset she's got to turn on.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, that's totally fine. All right, let me open up. We have so much to cover today, and it is exciting, but it is broad. Brittany, nice to see you. How did this morning go with Jackson and Adam? Oh, you're muted.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): I think it went well.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: What did you think of JOT audit?
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Yeah, I thought it was pretty cool. I had some very specific questions about, like, feeding it in there and then what the next steps. Adam's going to send over a baa and we're going to give. We're going to do a few test documents to make sure that it's going to function like, as intended for, like, the audit purposes. But I think it's something that our medical director is potentially going to like to use, and it'll help us most definitely help with, like, CPT codes and incorrect usage of those.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, great. Is there anything that you want me to track? Because, I mean, I know that they've got it, but is there anything where you're like, hey, Nate, can you just, like, keep your eye on this?
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): You mean as far as, like, in your audit history? Like, is that what you're asking?
Nathan Peereboom: Just. Just like at a human level? Like, anything you want me to like, keep my eye on or check in with them on?
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): No, I think we're all good. There's not anything extra.
Nathan Peereboom: Great. Okay, cool. Perfect. Well, this is. We've, as I said, we've got a bunch to cover today. I want to set some just like, reminders before we jump in. So let's do. Let's do a few introductions first and then, you know, I'll just remind us. Kind of like the goal of this call is to essentially collect enough information, Brittany, to give you the IOI with an estimate for what we would pay for your business if we were gonna move into heavier diligence. So the goal is, like, you get a price early on, you know whether or not you want to move forward, and then we go from there.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Okay, sounds good, Bill.
Nathan Peereboom: My name is Nate. I'm the CEO and co founder of JOT Psych. Right now we are looking to purchase, you know, an RCM business. And so this conversation is essentially just to get the high level information that allows us to make a reasonable price estimate to you guys early on in the process. Do you mind just introducing yourself and Chris, I think it'd be helpful if you also just chimed in and kind of explained who you are.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Bill, you're on mute if you didn't know that.
Bill Eberhart: I thought he asked Chris to go.
Nathan Peereboom: Oh, either of you guys. Yeah, Chris, you want to go first and then Bill, maybe you can also do an intro.
Christopher Hume: Yeah, absolutely. Sorry about that, Bill. We. I. Yeah, no, great to Brittany meet you again. And then Bill, great to meet you for the first time. So I'm growth and operations here at JOT Psych. So I help a lot with kind of our growth and then the operation, so serving our customers. And I'll be mostly a fly on the wall for this, but happy to jump in if I can answer any questions. And then Brittany, I'm sure kind of with that dots like pilot, I'll be involved in making sure anyone who tries us out has the best experience possible. So here to answer any questions. And again, Bill, so nice to meet you.
Bill Eberhart: I'm an old software engineer, as in like C, back in the day, like in the year 2000s or so. I've been in the IT world forever. And then most recently I've joined Brittany's business about seven or so years ago to be basically helping her run the business. And it's been a very fun ride being new business owners and building and growing a business and then eventually growing and scaling because of standardized processes. But essentially I'm just the IT guy here.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): He. He's more than that. Like, I would consider that, like, he's my husband, by the way, so he's probably. He probably should have led with that. And he essentially has helped, like, heavily with our automation. But the reason for that he's in this call today too, is because he handles, like, if you guys are going to ask anything about numbers, he handles all of our invoicing and things like that so he can speak, speaking intelligently around numbers.
Nathan Peereboom: Awesome. Well, let's start out the first. Bill, it's awesome to meet you also, we love a, you know, husband, wife team. That's. That's very cool. I. I feel like I spend so much time with my co founder. I think that if we were married, he would probably kill me in my sleep.
Nathan Peereboom: So the fact that you are still married is like such a testament to both of you as human beings. Yeah. Okay, first 15 minutes here. We just want to understand your profit and loss statement. Okay. And we understand that this is, you know, we're not going to get exact numbers here. We just need ranges. We're not trying to grill you either. We just want to get like kind of firm numbers. And so let's maybe just start out. Can you just walk me through a typical month? Financially, revenue comes in. What goes out. And I think that in particular, we're interested in payroll schools. What you guys pay yourselves. Insurance, compliance, just like the whole kit and caboodle. Just give us a little like, like stream of consciousness on that and the associated amounts.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Yeah. And a bill for, for context right now because of the way that like our contracts are set up with insurance payers, I need to be mindful of that. We wouldn't be including like the clinics that we have in the, in the payroll for this because this is just the VA business portion of it. So don't include that as far as the payroll goes.
Nathan Peereboom: Cool.
Bill Eberhart: Now you're asking impossible Brit. I haven't separated those two things out.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): That's fine. It'll be easy.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): I'm not asking for the impossible. I can help with that piece of it.
Bill Eberhart: Yeah, like total. So this is just in 2025. Super high level ballpark numbers. I did an audit on stuff. So our range on income coming into the business, again this is two businesses. I need to separate this out. But it would be less than. So in January, on average it ranges between 43,000amonth to 124,000amonth. And those are anomalies. The average probably 5,000 50,000amonth. But again that's gonna be less than all of that because of the Tidemark Therapy part of the business hasn't been fully separated out. On top of all that, that part of that $124,000 that came in was part of our third business that we started.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): That's gonna be just for clarity to back up here a second. A lot of the reason why revenue is flowing in for Tide Mark Therapy is due to the insurance contracts and the EFT setup and things like that. We're working on getting that separated out is for. From a legal perspective. It's just we had to do that as far as the insurance payer contracts go because it's. Once you like change tax IDs and things like that, it makes it more difficult with the payers. But we are working towards that. Just so you guys are aware.
Nathan Peereboom: That's totally fine. Just. Just high level. Like we. And we can caveat all of this but like you know, just, just averages. So. So monthly revenue ranges from 24 to 100 some.
Bill Eberhart: No.
Nathan Peereboom: What's the nor.
Bill Eberhart: We've never been less than 44,000 on revenue.
Nathan Peereboom: Oh, I'm sorry.
Bill Eberhart: Oh well, you say it'll be less than that. I mean to restructure it all. So if. So if you look at the grand total of everything, say for example we made around $700,000. That's gross before everything else. And then the total profit last year was roughly $60,000. Take home like after Brittany and I paid ourselves after all. Everything's been fully paid, fully funded, fully. Invested the leftover amount of taxable income was literally 48,000. Like close to $50,000 in 2025. And it's been that way for, it's been that way consistently since we had to. Since the great Crash. The great Gosh. We used to have 25.
Nathan Peereboom: Let's, let's do this. Actually. Let's all, let's just think about all this on an annualized basis because that gets us around monthly lumpiness.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): So.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, so Bill, I think I understand the monthly, the, the annual profit is around 48. And what is the annual revenue?
Bill Eberhart: The annual revenue, which is again around $70,000 a year.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): The annual revenue, Bill, not a month per year because you said 70,000.
Bill Eberhart: So when you say revenue, you talking about like that's not profit, right?
Nathan Peereboom: Nope, just like dollars. Dollars in.
Bill Eberhart: Yeah, dollars in the total. Dollars in Bernie is close to $700,000. And that was before we started our third business, which makes, which is going to like explode our income. Our projected income this year is going to be in the millions. Well, yeah, 1.5 million to be exact. Got it. Okay, cool.
Nathan Peereboom: So what is the annual revenue for like mhm versus tide mark? Is that, is that 700 some thousand all tide mark.
Bill Eberhart: It's, it's, it's like about 15 to 20% tide mark therapy.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): I can give you an exact number for that. Give me one second.
Bill Eberhart: Yeah, again, to get the exact. To look like, look all this stuff up. But if we're looking at just ballpark numbers and these are like probably bad ballpark numbers, I mean to get you a better number, we'd have to like clinch the numbers and like we don't.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): It's a, it's a simple subtraction. So. Yeah, give me just two seconds.
Bill Eberhart: Which documents to the penny.
Bill Eberhart: Yeah, we're really good about documenting the data into her.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): 177,000 is just tide Mark therapy money. So if you subtract 700 from that, then we're looking at, you know, roughly 620. I think if I did my mental math right, well, it's 620.
Nathan Peereboom: That's not. Mhm. That's. That's something else. Right?
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Yeah. The 620 is the VA business. 177,000 total is Tide Mark therapy proper.
Nathan Peereboom: Understood. Okay, great. What. Let's, let's go through the kind of expenses here.
Bill Eberhart: Sorry. For 2025, if you pull out. Mhm. You could take out $100,000 easy for just mhm of gross.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Bill, that's, that's newer. What we're giving them is accurate numbers for the profit for tomorrow. Va.
Bill Eberhart: So we've got. We're not talking about profit at all yet.
Bill Eberhart: We're talking about money that just came in. This is just raw numbers that came. Raw money that came into the account.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Yeah, hold on.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): And it might be if you screen share too. This is. I can also tell you guys because you had mentioned, like what goes out for payroll. And so just for. Just for payroll, we spend roughly 37,000amonth on payroll.
Nathan Peereboom: Great, 37,000amonth, that makes sense.
Nathan Peereboom: What about your own salary and draw?
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Right now what bill is getting is he's getting 2300 BI weekly and I'm getting 3700 BI weekly. Okay, great. We are included in that payroll, just so you're aware. Those payroll.
Nathan Peereboom: Oh, interesting. So that 37,000 includes your own salaries and draws.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Yes.
Nathan Peereboom: Great. What about like software and tools? Like how much do you guys spend on. And again, just ballpark. Doesn't need to be exact.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): 17. Our largest expense for software is going to be the front app, which is a Gmail layover, so we can have transparency across for provider, community, clinic, customer communication to our staff and be able to oversee that. And it's roughly 1700 per quarter.
Nathan Peereboom: Wait, 1700 in software cost every.
Bill Eberhart: Every quarter?
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Yes.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Oh, I'm sorry, I'm sorry. That's monthly. Let me rephrase that. That's monthly.
Bill Eberhart: I thought it was closer to like three to $4,000 a month in just software.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): No, that's just for our front app. So it's 1700 per month for that. Our. Our 1Password is that our next largest expense that we pay for something and that. Let me pull up the billing statement for we bill that just annually because they give us a discount. So give us a second. This is roughly. We pay total annually. $1,246 currently.
Nathan Peereboom: Great, okay, cool. What about like insurance compliance, miscellaneous overhead? Like give us everything on that.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Yeah. So we have our phone.com account that we pay and it's roughly. $79 a month. And that's unlimited faxing, unlimited phone calls, because we have to use that for the billing business. So that's $79 a month for that. And then the other overhead as far as the insurance, we basically bundled that in with my malpractice insurance. But my malpractice insurance is 1200 annually.
Nathan Peereboom: Awesome. Any other annual expenses that I should be asking about that I haven't asked about?
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Yeah, we do need to tell you. We do need to tell you that we do have an SBA loan that we have for the change, healthcare outage. And so we do have monthly draws coming out of that. And I think it's roughly 6200amonth for the expense for the SBA loans.
Nathan Peereboom: Got it.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): I'll pull it up and look real fast.
Bill Eberhart: So last year in 2025, we paid roughly $156,000 just for loan payments, credit cards, previous tax year payments, et cetera, et cetera, and that's all the loan money. So out the door were. Or that we have a. We owe on several different things, Various things. Roughly about $600,000 in debt that we still.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Yeah, but what I'm going to tell you is one of the loans is going to fall off in July of this year, and that'll be an additional like 4,000 that we won't have to pay out monthly in loans starting in July.
Nathan Peereboom: Gotcha. After July, what's the amount that's still going to be on? Like, of that, 600,000 is still going to be owed.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Yeah, I'm getting.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): You give me one second.
Bill Eberhart: About 550,000 more.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): No, got it. I'll get you exact numbers.
Bill Eberhart: Just if you can reverse engineer this. The amount of interest that we were able to get a discount on in 2024 and in 2025 was close to $120,000 in interest.
Bill Eberhart: So a lot of those loans have really good rates. Like our SBA loans, like 3.75. Yeah.
Bill Eberhart: And others have a 15% and they're predatory loans and they're just.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Yeah, the, the one predatory loan that we have, it's. That's the one that's going to be done with in July. That's like the $4,000 in revenue. And so we have outstanding in the SBA loans. It is 177,000 and 190,000 outstanding total for that. And that'll be the, the loan debt that remains.
Nathan Peereboom: Gotcha. Do you guys have any, like, mortgages? Property, rents, anything like that.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): We. That's all Time Martin Therapy.
Bill Eberhart: We own our own house. We pay our own mortgage from our own income. It's not connected to the business at all. So our house is separate. Our. We only thing we pay in rent. We don't own any property with the business. We don't own any vehicles with the business. We do have a rent. We do pay rent. 800 was. 800amonth. Brittany for rental space.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): 850. But that's time. It's not time. Art va. We don't use that for any of our billing business.
Bill Eberhart: Oh, that's right. Our business is 100% virtual. And the time mark VA soft.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Yeah.
Bill Eberhart: No rent.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, gotcha, gotcha.
Bill Eberhart: We do have a corporate 401k account to the tune of I think it's like $20,000 by the time you guys. If you guys did make a purchase offer this year or tax rations, we had to put. We just parked it into a Roth, a corporate Roth of 20,000 or so just so we don't get whacked by the irs.
Nathan Peereboom: Gotcha. Gotcha. Okay, that makes sense. And then what is the total amount of claim volume that go. That you guys are processing? Like how many. Like, like how many millions of dollars are the claims that you guys are processing? Let's just say 20, 25.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): That's a good question. Like, because we don't consolidate that because we're working in a lot of different ehrs. But roughly, one of our billers does. I mean, hold on, I'll just give you some of our larger accounts. That'll be the easiest way to do it. And are you looking for monthly or annually?
Bill Eberhart: Yeah, yeah. What number are you. Like, you want claim volume or do you want like the amount of money that we. Per month?
Nathan Peereboom: Nope, just the. The total amount that is collected successfully every year.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Oh, okay. Give us one second.
Bill Eberhart: That's. That number's huge. That'll be in the multi million. So that's at least.
Bill Eberhart: Yeah, 15 million. Like off the top of my head, I always brag we make our customers millions. We don't get hardly anything, but we do charge them 7% on. On what insurance money they do.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): And we've got like a 93% collection rate. And the, the most common errors I can tell you from that for our oversight is it has to do with eligibility and coverage term issues from the patients. And the next biggest thing that we have trouble collecting on is patient balances. And a lot of the. The, the clinic owners are the stop gap for that because they have heart strings. And they're like. They're whining to me. They just can't afford it. And I'm like, you run a business. Like, we need to charge on something. And so we constantly have discussions like that.
Bill Eberhart: If I send out Ted, Mark, VA invoices. Right. And I do it every month and. And I send out, say, like, say $30,000 in invoices or we get $30,000 back and we're talking about a 7%. Oh my gosh, we collect 7% of that. My calculator went into dash mode. I don't know why, but. So if you could reverse engineer the calculation to get that, I could give you that number in like one minute. But what's your next question?
Nathan Peereboom: My next question is just a trend question. So when you think about like two, the. The two and three years prior of all the things that we've talked about, what's changing?
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): So the profit margins are shrinking for clinic owners and because the cost of doing business is going up and.
Nathan Peereboom: Sorry, sorry, sorry, Brittany, All I care about is your business don't care about the clinics at all.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Okay, so you're not that. But it speaks to the trend that I'm trying to speak to. So the problem, the costs of doing business are going up. And so what we're seeing is it's harder to attain new billing business because they want one stop fixes. They want you to clean up a mess, but they don't want to pay for prolonged monthly services.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, so just in numbers term, in number terms, like, were you guys larger three years ago than you are today?
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Like, what's been. And so a large portion of that has to do with clinics closing, and it was a direct result of the change healthcare outage. So three years ago, like, we were significantly larger because. And what devastated businesses was the change healthcare outage in 2024? And we. I know. And when we laid off 25%, I mean, 25 of our employees and retained seven of them, we chose at that point not to try to scale the business again so that we could stabilize after that outage.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, so pre change health care, what were you guys doing in terms of annual revenue?
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): That would have been roughly about $86,000 a month in revenue pre change healthcare.
Nathan Peereboom: And then during the outage, what were you guys doing in revenue so mid 2024?
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Oh, that would significantly drop because everything became manual bill. Do you have an idea of what the invoices were for that period?
Bill Eberhart: We were doing close to well, like before teen Salescare was like 700,000 gross or 800,000 gross. And then after the change healthcare outage, it dropped down to like 5 or 600,000.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Yeah, we took like about a 200k deficit, but our profitability wasn't.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah, okay, cool. That makes sense. Okay. On the managed, like the mental health manage side, I know that part of your goal was, sorry, we're just kind of zipping all over the place here. But one of the things that was important to you, Brittany, was to keep that relationship. I think if I'm, if I'm remembering it right, you said that you were playing, you were paying $22 a claim from Mental Health managed into Tidemark one.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Is that right?
Nathan Peereboom: And two.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Yes.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, great. And then two. How many claims per month does that come out to? Like how many claims per month is Mental Health Managed putting through?
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Hold on. And I can get you that exact number right now. And keep in mind we have a full scale stream this. So this is only with Aetna and Cigna. We are going to be doing Blue Cross and uhc and then those numbers are going to significantly jump by approximately 49%. Like for these numbers that I'm about to give you.
Nathan Peereboom: Perfect.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): So hold on.
Bill Eberhart: Well, but they're gonna have to give us an estimate on current numbers. They're not going to be able to give us an estimate on future numbers, Brit, so.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Oh, I know like I am, Bill, because I, I already analyzed their payer mix. I'm accurate that it's going to be a 49% increase in like the revenue.
Bill Eberhart: It's so the amount of, amount of money that we make our customers per month is.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): He wanted to know what the Mental Health Managed was, Bill. Not the VA side. And so for one of the clinics right now that we are currently doing per month, we got, let's see, we got 17,000 in. And this is just in a two week increment. Last it was 17,636 and 11,559. So if you add those two together, that's one month.
Nathan Peereboom: Great.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): And, and that's so it sounds like that's just for one clinic and for the other one. Bill, can you pull up the room for change for like what the, the revenue was for from your report?
Bill Eberhart: Yeah. So literally inside of two weeks I made. Well, we had $15,000 gross come in from Eden's just for Edna signals.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): We're not talking about Edin's. That's the numbers that I already gave. I asked for room for change.
Bill Eberhart: Oh, I'm sorry, I'm still looking.
Bill Eberhart: Yeah, I'm still looking those up. So previously you guys asked me about how much claim volume and time mark VA comes into our customers.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): I found the number, the room for change. How much revenue did you get monthly?
Bill Eberhart: Let me click on the sheets to get there.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Thank you.
Bill Eberhart: Room for change? Do this weekly. Week two, new, old, room for change. Week two. So this is the second week of the year. This is. Old, new, new, both. Total they had. So in one week, just their Aetna signal was $12,000. No, I'm sorry. $13,000 that they, that they made. Now if you talk about their Blue Cross Blue Shield.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): No, it was the revenue for Aetna and Cigna. So if they did 13,000 in one week, we would multiply that by three.
Bill Eberhart: That was four weeks in a month.
Nathan Peereboom: So just to, just to keep us going here, we can, we can circle back to get exact numbers.
Bill Eberhart: Yeah, but.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Yeah, so roughly.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Roughly approximately 50,000 for mental health managed per month. And that's just. With the current clinics that we have, we haven't tried to expand that we. And we also have two more payers to add. So. Yeah, it'll. It'll grow like in the next three months by 200,000.
Nathan Peereboom: Yep, that makes sense. Okay, great. Let's. It's a great segue. Let's talk about customers. So am I hearing right that 50 of the around 80 average thousand dollars you guys pull in is mental health managed? Like, that's your biggest.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): The numbers that they gave you did not include mental health managed at all. Like, that was just VA business income.
Nathan Peereboom: I understand. Okay, so for, can you walk me through your top, like, of the, of the 76 accounts you have, like, if I line them up from like biggest to smallest, what are the top five look like?
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Bill, can you tell them? For Ohio Academy, like, typically, are you wanting what they pull in or what our cut of it is?
Nathan Peereboom: I'm interested in who they are. And you guys don't have to give us exact names, but just like, you know, like what they do, how much money their, their billing is.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Bravado clinics.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): And they're located in Ohio, New Jersey and Texas predominantly. And, and they, they do both, um, services. It's both tms, both Spravato, um, and then, um, State Street. TMS is located in Verm. Typically, like Ohio. Ketamine is our largest. So what was that that we invoiced for them like last month?
Bill Eberhart: Oh, just go to the full billing client spreadsheet. It has the tab in there, the invoices. You can see how much we charged them.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): I didn't know that you did that. Okay.
Bill Eberhart: Yeah, I know. I wanted to make sure our customer support team knew who the top 10 people were who are paying 80% of our income.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Well, that was smart. I don't know what I'm looking at, Bill. I'm looking at. Is it invoice filters?
Bill Eberhart: No, invoice filters is too far. You need to go over one to December 2025.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Okay.
Bill Eberhart: And then we need to sort that data by the amount of money that came in. Here, let me sort it. Don't touch it.
Bill Eberhart: A to Z, D to A. Apparently got to sort it Z to A to get the highest number on top. So $14,000 came in from Ohio. North Dakota is 8,000. Eden's about 4,000. Rachel is going to be close to. Well, like you said 4,000. But that's, that's mhm. Right. Those numbers are not included. There's a, there's a 4, 4000, 3000, 2000 state streets, like 2500.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): So our largest clinic does 14,000. And that's our revenue that, that we get from it for the invoices.
Bill Eberhart: That's. Yeah, that's, that's profit. That's money coming in.
Nathan Peereboom: That's revenue for you or is that profit? That's revenue. Right. It's not revenue for the clinic, it's revenue for you.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Yes.
Nathan Peereboom: Got it. Great.
Bill Eberhart: Thank you.
Nathan Peereboom: How many total providers or clinicians are you billing for across the 76 accounts?
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Like, are you asking how many providers are in each clinic?
Bill Eberhart: No, he's, yeah, he's saying like, like grand total. Like how many, how many providers? If you added up all the providers and all the group practices that we do. Ted, Mark, VA billing for, what was it like? Would you take it back? About 100, 150 or 200?
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): It would be closer to, I would say 100 total. Counting all of the providers in all of the clinics?
Bill Eberhart: Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: Great. What is the typical clinician collecting per month through you guys broken down by clinician? Yeah, just the average clinician.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): So let's see, this is like Ohio ketamine being our largest. They have 1, 2, 3, 4 providers. So we're roughly looking at like our revenue cut of that is roughly 3,000 per provider. Like that's our revenue cut. It's harder to give you, like if you're looking at.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Yeah, you're asking what each provider draws in. I don't know that you can clearly do that because a lot of providers moonlight and they work at multiple places, like part time. So there's a lot of part time staff.
Bill Eberhart: Yeah, it depends on how many hours they work.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): You're talking about full time people.
Bill Eberhart: Like if you want to do it full time people, we could do that number. But that's that number.
Nathan Peereboom: That's fine. Yeah. If you guys for all of this, like if you have it off a of ton. Top of your head. Great. And if not, no worries. Yeah. Okay. You. In one of our first calls, Britney, I think you said that like, you know, everyone's been with you for over a year. Are, do you guys have, you guys actually had like zero, literally zero accounts lost?
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Well, we had one provider death last month, so we obviously lost that account because they died. Other than that. Hold on. I do keep track of that about when they turned.
Bill Eberhart: And you're talking about billing clients or credentialing clients?
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Billing.
Bill Eberhart: Yeah.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Well, we do keep track of all the terminated people. Yeah. Have anything like the. We had, let's see, we had two clinics, term total. Got it.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): One was in January of 2025 and the other was in February. And that's typically when you see providers like exit is like in January or February because they just want to make changes. Right?
Nathan Peereboom: Yep. Yeah, that makes sense. Okay, and how large were those accounts?
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): They were single therapist providers. So we're talking like the invoices were like $46 a month. Like our, like it was very small.
Bill Eberhart: They were credential.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Yeah, they were clients.
Nathan Peereboom: That totally makes sense. The contracts you guys have, are they month to month, are they handshake, are they 6 months, are they 12 months? Like what's the actual contract you have?
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): We do month to month and they have to give us a 30 day notice if they wish to terminate.
Nathan Peereboom: Great. Last time you mentioned a big account that was like $270,000 a year or something like that in collections that this is, this is incorrect. The numbers wrong, I'm sure. But they're on twofold and looking to switch.
Nathan Peereboom: Can you just give us some more background on that? Like what's the status, what's their likelihood of migration there, etc.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Migration is strong because they've outgrown their EHR software. They don't want to use the, the internal AI note taking because they don't want to use the internal AI video. And those two are tied together in their software product. So they're, they're willing to, they're willing to convert. But you also have to understand that with, with twofold, they were paying $29 per seat per provider for that. And so like cost is going to be important for them in relation to that conversion.
Nathan Peereboom: Yeah.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): And roughly. Hold on, I'm getting you the. It takes a little bit to load on the reports. So this month they've already made $314,000 in income.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, gotcha.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, great. And then would they. Like. Are they okay? Yeah, actually, let's just leave that for now. Let's talk about team. Walk me through our eight people. Who does what, who's most critical? Like. Yeah, just give me the human picture here.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Yeah, so we've got two customer support team staff members. The one handles.
Nathan Peereboom: I'm sorry, one, one thing. Brittany, when you do this, can you also give us like their approximate comp just so we can like kind of see who's what?
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Yeah, so that like we pay our two customer support people, they are overseas, so we pay them 750 an hour and once for billing customer support. And they're like considered like tier one support. Right. They answer the most basic questions, help gather data, and then the other one is for credentialing. And she's primarily handling just the documentation pieces of it and notifying providers when their contracts are executed with the payers then. So. And that is pretty integral because like what we found in the billing business is when people are trusting you with their money, like they want communication, you know, that's, that's clear and concise about what's going on. And so I would say that they're, they're critical to the success of that. And then we have, I've got an assistant that handles, um, I would consider her like tier two. Um, and she handles all like the escalator related cases, but she's also like my personal assistant to help with like questions that are directed to me. And we pay her 18 an hour. Then we have one biller who handles. I don't know how, how do you want me to like, she handles like a portion of our accounts. I can give you like the number of accounts if that, if that's the relevant metric that you're looking for, that she handles. And we pay her a flat 2000 bi weekly. That's pretty Lynn.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): So she gets 1000amonth or so. Yeah, and she handles. Hold on. She does the more expensive accounts is what I'm gonna say. Complex ones.
Bill Eberhart: Handles about 50 to 60% of the, the billing accounts. Kiata handles about 20% and Brittany handles the rest herself.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Yeah, and then we have a team that we pay a percentage like of our revenue is how we've basically like figured that out. And it's a team of five people. But it, they take just a percentage of our percentage for that. And they handle, they're handling the majority of the prior authorizations and verification of benefits, which is the most time consuming. And then they, they only handle three of our accounts. Is that correct, Bill?
Bill Eberhart: No, they have, they do. They help us with four accounts.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Okay.
Bill Eberhart: They're, they're. Are you talking about the billing team?
Bill Eberhart: Yeah, yeah, that's, that's our offshore.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Yeah.
Bill Eberhart: Supplemental helper team.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Yep.
Bill Eberhart: And then we also have another person who. Well that's, that's on the turmeric therapy side. Nevermind. I do, I do the invoicing. I do some customer support stuff mostly automation building and tracking and stuff like that. And then when I say automation I meant like that they do reports and have to do just small Google sheets script stuff.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): It's nothing like automatic emails that go out to providers once they execute a contract with us, that sort of stuff.
Bill Eberhart: A lot of built in software automations that happen inside of the EHRs and, or also all the other software tools that we have and maintaining all of that. But it's easy. That job can easily be handed off to another IT person who knows what the hell they're doing. So I'm easily replaceable, so to speak.
Christopher Hume: One quick question, just. We're going through customer support. Customer support assistant. Are they all working 40 hour weeks? Are they part time? How.
Bill Eberhart: Yeah, they're.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): They're all working 40 hour weeks.
Bill Eberhart: Everyone, everyone's full time except Tiara. She is. Does she do 30 hours a week? Brittany?
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Roughly. She, she has the capacity to work full time. We pay her $25 an hour just so you're aware but she usually averages and comes in around 70 or 73.
Bill Eberhart: We haven't given her enough work. She has the, the capacity to do a couple more accounts if theoretically. But she's not to full capacity yet.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): But yeah, she's, she's a new hire basically. We've hired her two months ago and so we're, there's training that goes along with that.
Bill Eberhart: There's probably about five key people, six key people in our, in our staff that are like, they do like like 90% of their work that we assign them so.
Nathan Peereboom: Gotcha. If you guys went on vacation, what would happen if we.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Well, we basically did that during the outage. Everything ran smoothly. What, what breaks realistically is the oversight because we don'. Good middle management. We've got good worker bees but we don't have good middle management.
Nathan Peereboom: Got it. How many EHRs does your team work with day to day and like if you could just like list all of them that'd be great.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): We. Okay, I can do that off the top of my head. Therapy notes. Their nest. Simple practice. Advanced MD Advanced care. Yeah Advanced care and therapy. IQ and sessions.
Bill Eberhart: Need. I mentioned Jane apparently. Oh yeah, there's.
Bill Eberhart: You're not a fan of Jane?
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): No, the reporting is sucks. It was not built by biller.
Bill Eberhart: Jane was not ready. It's not for billers and it's not through us people.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): I mean it's a Canadian based company and so all of their, if you think about it, all of the infrastructure was built with Canadian like insurance in mind, which is much simpler than American Insurance, famously.
Bill Eberhart: Also, we've never been given full access to actually do a full administrative dive into change. So maybe it does do billing better, but we've never ever been able to get that access from one of our.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Laura, just so you're aware, software products that we have worked in the past. Is that relevant to you also?
Nathan Peereboom: Nope, that's fine.
Nathan Peereboom: We're just trying to get a taste of it.
Nathan Peereboom: Um, you guys, and I'm just conscious of time here. We do have to run in like probably 10 or 15. You mentioned you've been like investing in automation since Change Healthcare had their, had their fiasco. What does that look like? Is it spreadsheets? Is it scripts? It's something else. Like just walk us through like what you've got.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Yeah, so we use Zapier. We also have through our partnership with Credentialing Spectrum, which is where we have all of our credentialing workload to be able to track all the, the paperwork around that. We, they, we use a verification bot that they've designed and we pay them 250amonth for that. Um, so like that's something that's like unique. Um, and we Zapier is the other larger one and then the rest of it is basically through API connections. Um, so we've got a API connection with the ODBC for advanced MD to be able to transmit data. We have some like API connections through like, like Google APIs. We've got that connected with like our front account, if that's relevant and that helps with like the email automation.
Nathan Peereboom: Gotcha. Okay, cool. Yeah, tell me about like your relationship to growth. Are you guys like trying to grow right now? Are you in maintenance mode since the Change Healthcare hit? And I guess like, you know, the sub questions here are, what's in your active pipeline? Are you guys selling like, like are you out in the market trying to market and sell? How do customers find you? Just give us the growth, the growth picture here.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): So essentially like how like I'll handle this part, Bill. Essentially how like we handle the growth. We are growing. We get the majority of our business through Facebook forums. Like we don't do any Google adwords. I don't spend any ads, campaign money to market or anything like that. It's all like basically Facebook because people who are. Will recommend us and say and they'll even mention us in comments when providers are looking for something. And so it's just kind of like organically grown that way. So. And I'll go in there once a day for maybe like 20 minutes. And that's like how we handle like our growth. What, how we've repositioned ourselves as far as growth is through the mental health managed vehicle. Because there's, it's, it's a way for us to get larger clinics when other billing businesses are dying. Because like what I told you before, there's a lot of providers who you know are just trying to get cleanup on their accounts and it's a one time thing and they want you to just, they want to be able to make a mess. Then you clean it up. Then they make a mess and you clean it up. And so through mental health managed and being able to, to be the vehicle for the billing business for that we're able to get on average like the clinic sizes that we get, they have 18 to 36 providers. So it's an easier, it's easier to just get them to come in with us.
Bill Eberhart: Like we're definitely, we're definitely growing. We're aggressively growing. As a matter of fact, we'll be replacing Brittany with somebody else, an office manager within the next year regardless of your guys offer that's on the table. She's already agreed to join us and she'd be running Tidemark VA for us while Brittany does the other.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): She would be my operations manager and the, the do the oversight that's needed. She's that gap.
Bill Eberhart: I would still stay in time Mark va.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Yeah.
Bill Eberhart: But I could easily be bought out.
Nathan Peereboom: Got it.
Nathan Peereboom: On the other one in terms of like volume seat growth or like number of clinicians. Like how much do you guys anticipate? Well, how much did you grow between 2024 and 2025? Like what was the difference in the number of clinicians on the platform? The revenue dropped from like 5. It went from 500 to what, 700 or so? 7 to 800. So the revenue went up. Is that change change? Health care fixing its situation? Is that pricing change? Is that volume change? Like where did that difference.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): It's service change. So we started, I started targeting more TMS and Spravato clinics instead of like individual therapy accounts which is what I was doing before. And so that's where that growth, what we spent heavily during 2025 was making sure that we had redundant systems in place so that if there was a change healthcare outage again or any other clearinghouse like Tresetto or whatever, that we could still be operational and something like that wouldn't impact us as negatively again. And we're just for perspective from September to to now, we onboarded, let's see, 18 plus 36. What's 18 plus 36? Bill 57 we. Onboarded 57 providers. Between what we're doing and growing that trajectory as part of Mental Health Managed and then being a billing service for that in contracting out those services and paying ourselves as a company. So in three months we grew by 57 providers, whereas on average we would only grow like 16 providers. Like, like in a year. Well, I say 16 accounts, 16 clinic owners with varying providers between one and seven is just doing it as a standard billing service.
Bill Eberhart: By the way, that's like not advertising. Our business hardly at all by the way, is like just not advertised. If you go to try to Google us and stuff, you'll, you'll see it, but you have to like do a direct Google search. Almost understood.
Nathan Peereboom: You guys charge 7%, offshore shops charge 3 or 4. How do you guys hold that rate? Is it under pressure at all? Like have you seen that rate change?
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): I see like I've had people ask us for smaller rates. Yeah.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): And so we go on an account by account basis, we go down to 5%. What you're seeing right now is where some providers are doing 3 and 4%. That is because they are offshoring the work and you pay for what you get. And so how we maintain our higher rates and is because we are a shield for the insurance payers. We know how to escalate complaints to insurance commissioning boards. We know how to get clinics out of prepayment penalty reviews. Like we do upper tier level stuff. Not just your standard. We submit claims and then we work denials and rejections. We go above and beyond.
Bill Eberhart: We really go the extra mile to achieve that. 95%. Brittany said 93% earlier. It's 95% pay rate that the money that they get there really is for a long term and we have the numbers to prove it. So great.
Nathan Peereboom: What does your payer mix look like? And I think I'm most curious about commercial versus Medicare slash Medicaid or commercial versus government.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Medicaid's almost non existent, just so you're aware about roughly 30% is Medicare and then the rest is going to be your commercial payer mix. The only caveat and outlier to that is tricare, which is also a government entity and we only have two clinics that have a large tricare volume. And that's predominantly because of the, the switch from Humana military to PGBA managing the Tricare contracts. A lot of providers exited the network like by droves because they didn't pay anybody for 10 months.
Nathan Peereboom: Got it.
Bill Eberhart: Yeah. As well. Just you know, perfect when.
Nathan Peereboom: Let's talk about. Just deal and transition. So, you know, you told us you guys want to stay involved for a year, you want to keep the MHM relationship.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): I mean, we're willing, we're willing to stay for longer than a year, but we would like to stay for at least a year.
Bill Eberhart: We know really totally realistically to transition properly to give everyone the keys to the castle and know all the processes and everything. We would. Unless you guys know somebody who's perfect out the gate. I mean, that's what we really need is somebody to replace us. Like that's what we want is set. Somebody come in that knows how to run the whole thing already and knows all the technology and everything. But yeah, okay, cool.
Nathan Peereboom: Is what else is. I mean, you mentioned taking care of the team. What else is important to you?
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): As we think about this, just the quality of care that we provide, making sure that that remains the same for the customer base because otherwise you will lose accounts.
Nathan Peereboom: Got it. Any non financial requirements beyond that, that would complicate this.
Bill Eberhart: Non financial. No, there's no like legal, there's no tax. I mean we're paid up on taxes. Like so we're not even behind on anything at all. We do have like a. For the next year, we'll be paying the IRS $2,000 a month back to pay our 2024 tax return. But that's a personal thing. It's not related to the business, so.
Nathan Peereboom: Got it.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): I guess the other thing that you guys would need to know is we, we've hired Everybody. They're on 1099 status, if that's relevant to you. They're not W2s.
Bill Eberhart: Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: On the financial side, you know, I'm not trying to get you to name a price, but do you have a sense of like the kinds of things that you'd be looking for in the IOI to feel good about moving forward?
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): No, I mean, I'm just open. I don't, I don't have a target.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Well, say the biggest, I guess the biggest concern for me, like are you
Bill Eberhart: saying if you wrote us a check today, like what would we accept or something like just such a ballpark,
Nathan Peereboom: not even in the, that like, you know, aggressive of a term. But are there certain things that you guys would be looking for if one of them is just like top line price? Like you can say that, but, but really like we're just curious about what you guys really.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): It's just about like making sure that we can still like make sure that we have revenue coming in with what we're doing with like mental health managed. So that synergy is like really relevant to the success because they're symbiotic and so we. We definitely want to make sure that that stays intact so that we can. So that we can grow and scale, basically.
Nathan Peereboom: Got it.
Bill Eberhart: But. But that. That. Sorry to me, Nathan, that. That should be handled when we separate them image and poets parts from that.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Yeah, I know that'll be handled, but the synergy and being able to work together well. Has to remain.
Bill Eberhart: Oh yeah, yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: When you guys think about the first 90 days, what would you need from us to make sure that like you did feel good about like the customers being taken care of?
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): We would need to coordinate schedules because we have weekly or bi weekly meetings with the majority of our customer base so that they feel staffed and supported. So we would need to make sure that there would be a clean transition for that. We would need to make sure that there was a clean transit that you guys understood our systems and our workflow processes well so that there wouldn't be a disruption in that. And you would have to heavily know about the onboarding process for what that looks like for when we onboard new accounts because we have to get a lot of portals and things set up, any arrays set up and knowing basic how to set up like a lot of these providers come in with poorly designed ways that they're using the EHR is the best way that I can describe it. And so there is some technical knowledge of knowing how to set up those accounts to be efficient.
Nathan Peereboom: Gotcha. I want to ask about this, this debt, this like 500 to $600,000. What is the payback plan for it? Like what's the timeline? What kind of optionality and covenants do you have on it?
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): I can like it's a 30 year loan. Is that what you're asking that?
Nathan Peereboom: Sure. Yeah. I mean if it is a 30 year loan,
Bill Eberhart: we're, we're looking to refinance all of the debt so that we could stretch it out so that we don't have to pay it back. You know when they're charging you $8,000 a month to pay it off in the next six months and it's only $30,000 and we have $30,000 in the bank it to me, you know there's, we're refinancing the money that is reasonably refinance. Well we're also working with a financial advisor helping us make sure that we consolidate all of that debt and have it in a put it all into a 30 year to make sure that that debt payment instead of us paying every month close to $16,000 a month, we get it closer to $8,000 a month in that. Yeah.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): And what we're going to be able to do is pay it down quicker than that because we're going to be leveraging like a line of credit that, that we get. And you know when you draw from a line of credit, if you do it on the last day of the month, it's like a $2 in interest, you know, give or take that you have to pay, and then you can, like, push that forward to pay it off faster. He's got a whole spreadsheet on it, but that's our game plan for it.
Nathan Peereboom: What did you guys take the loan out for? What you spend the money on?
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): It was really for the majority of it. It was really for payroll during the change. Healthcare outage, to be honest with you.
Nathan Peereboom: Got it.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: And I actually like the financing. And the plans for it are less interesting. I'm just curious about the terms on it. So is it 30? I just want to be really. Really clear about the terms here. Is it a 30 year loan?
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Yes.
Bill Eberhart: The, the. No, no, no, no, no, no. Brittany, there's, there's a, there's a capita predatory loan that we owe another 28, 000 on, but it's going to be paid off in July, so
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): that's going to be paid off in July. All of the interest was taken out for it up front. So those payment terms are like set monthly and we pay $2042 per every 2:1 predatory loan.
Bill Eberhart: Then there, then there's another loan that is. I don't know what the term.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): The two. It was a, it was the SBA loan and the COVID economic like COVID 19 economic injury loan thing and basically. Hold on, I've got it pulled up here in the portal. Let me just look.
Bill Eberhart: There's, there's. They're taking out roughly I think 2000. They're supposed to be taking out 2000amonth for that one. And I think it's on a, maybe on a 15 year. I don't actually know.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): They don't actually give you enough
Bill Eberhart: loan data details to really be able to answer your question.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Specifically, the COVID economic injury loan is at 10.75%. The maturity date on it is 4:25, 2033. As far as like once that's going to be like repaid.
Nathan Peereboom: The loan is. It's at 10 to 11% annual interest rate.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): That's the, that's the COVID economic injury. Then the SBA loan. Give me one second.
Bill Eberhart: That's the 3% one.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): That's the 3 percent one.
Bill Eberhart: Yeah. My charity date was like 2033 or something, I think.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Yeah, hold on.
Bill Eberhart: But to me, Brittany, those seem like more than 30 year loans since we've been paying on them for about 10 years now. Or one of them we've been paying on for the, the other one.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): The maturity dates 10:1 of 2050 and the interest rate is 3.75%.
Bill Eberhart: So.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): And that's.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): And how much is left on each of those?
Nathan Peereboom: Can you guys just break, can you just break out what's left?
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): So the one on the 3.75% interest, what is left on that for the outstanding balance is $177,900 even. Okay, the one that has the 10% on it, that has $190,942.32 and that's the maturity date of 425 of 2033.
Nathan Peereboom: Do you guys have the right to prepay back the loans?
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Yes. Gotcha.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay. Okay, great. Anything else? Oh, I'm sorry. Did. Did you finish, Brittany? Sorry.
Nathan Peereboom: I know we only went through two. That's it. Okay, cool.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Really? All of our outstanding loans?
Bill Eberhart: No, no, no. Those. Credit card debt. How much credit card debt, Brittany? Is it a 20,000 or 30? 30,000.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): There is one credit card that we have that has 18,000 like, on it, and that's the. The other outstanding debt.
Bill Eberhart: Okay.
Nathan Peereboom: So sorry, guys. I'm just. Maybe I'm just crossing my wise here. So I'm counting 177, 190, and 18. But you had said that you had 600.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): No, he was wrong on the numbers. He. He didn't know those specifically.
Bill Eberhart: I might have. I might have been adding in my house.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay. Yeah. Hey, it happens to all of us. All right. That. That's. That's a better picture. Okay, cool.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: Well, listen, anything else that we should have asked that we didn't. Any questions for us before we wrap?
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): You know, like, if you guys are really, like, if you guys liked what you heard today, as far as anything goes, we. Flexible as far as, like, the vehicle that we want to, like for the buyout to happen. Like, if you need us to retain debt or something like that, we're happy to do that. Like, so we're flexible and as creative as you guys can be.
Bill Eberhart: Yeah, we. We. We're open to seller financing where we would finance the deal or if you, you know, ideally, you guys. We also know other people that would. That. That are very rich that would be able to help as an investment purchase if you need a strong partner. I don't know how much capital you guys are dealing with or how much capital you have access to, but it seems like if you're making a good business decision to buy a good business and the. The thing driving the business isn't necessarily like, for example, a dancing bear like Brittany and you can. Which is how our business is. Then it seems like, you know, again, we're really flexible. Like, we actually tried to purchase a couple of group practices ourselves, and we've gone down the.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): We decided we didn't want to do that. It was too risky.
Bill Eberhart: Well, no, I'd love to do it. It's just that the problem is everyone wanted a giant, huge lump sum of money up front that we didn't have. We just didn't have the capital to do it because one, our debt situation, we weren't able to get another additional loan.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): They were like $6 million for their clinic, and it just wasn't really there.
Bill Eberhart: And, yeah, they're very unrest providers, leaving very unrealistic expectations on how much they think they could sell their business for.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): I mean.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Okay, so anyways, that's getting off topic. I don't think there's anything else that we haven't told you that you would find relevant.
Nathan Peereboom: Okay, great.
Bill Eberhart: Yeah.
Nathan Peereboom: Chris, I'm going to take this back. We're going to talk with our legal team, we'll talk with our corp dev team and get back to you with an IOI that has a certain, you know, just a general shape for you guys to react to. But I just want to say thank you so much for this conversation. I know that we kind of like, we're nitpicky about it. Really appreciate it, and we'll. We'll turn something in your direction as soon as we can, okay?
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Okay. Sounds good.
Bill Eberhart: Thank you.
Nathan Peereboom: All right. Love you. Thank you, guys. Take care.
Brittainy Wagner (Tidemarkva Admin): Yep. Bye.